{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17438327", "title": "Curfew lifted in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: With the situation returning to normal, authorities on Saturday lifted the three-day-old curfew imposed in nine police station areas of the city following sectarian clashes.\"Curfew has been lifted from all nine police station areas of Srinagar city as the situation remained peaceful following imposition of restrictions on Wednesday,\" a police spokesman said.Curfew was imposed in Nowhatta, M R Gunj, Safakadal, Khanyar, Rainawari, Nigeen, Lal Bazaar, Zadibal and Parimpora police station areas on Wednesday after sectarian clashes broke out in Hawal area of the city.Hawal, Gojwara and adjoining areas have become flash points for sectarian violence over the past couple of years during Muharram processions.With the lifting of the curfew, normal life resumed in all parts of the city with schools, colleges, shops, offices and business establishments opening.The examinations being conducted by the University of Kashmir were also held on Saturday after two days. The examinations scheduled for Thursday and Friday were cancelled due to curfew and will now be held at a later date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17434575", "title": "Salgaocar ready, Dempo upbeat", "text": "MARGAO: This is not just another I-League clash. When Dempo Sports Club take on Salgaocar Sports Club in a ninth-round derby at the Nehru Stadium, Fatorda on Saturday, there will be more at stake than three points.While chief coach Armando Colaco is hoping his boys uncork the cham-pagne stuff they did to steamroll Mohun Bagan and continue breathing down East Bengal's neck till they displace them at the top of the table, David Booth is hoping his boys make the most of Dempo's weary legs and tired bodies after a tough match, to turn back the clock and return to a win-ning momentum.Ironically, both teams have been hard hit by injuries to two key players each. Dempo will miss their vital wing-halves, Anthony Pereira and Clifford Miranda, while Salgaocar are fighting against time to get their injured stop-perback, skipper Luciano Sabroso and mercurial midfielder Francis Fernandes back on track.\"We had a light training session this morning and will have another on Sat-urday. And am hoping that Luciano and Francis recover by then. I know it's hoping against hope, but they are vital to the team. And for a big match like this, they have a major role to play,\" said Booth.The Englishman is also hoping his boys come up with the kind of perform-ance they did against Prayag United. \"Their performance against East Ben-gal too was good. The only problem is, I have not had much time with the boys and I came in at a time when they had three big matches on the trot,\" pointed out Booth.Call it cruel justice or plain co-incidence, but if Francis and Luciano are re-stricted to the stands, then the battle against Dempo will be a tall order.Armando has decided to shuffle his players around a bit to plug the loop-holes in the absence of Anthony and Clifford. \"Joaquim Abranches will be pulled back to take Clifford's place while the diminutive Romeo will start for Anthony. \"Rohan Ricketts takes Abranches' place in attack alongside Ryuji Sueoka,\" said Colaco.The good news is, Climax Lawrence should be back after serving a two-match ban.Ricketts, a former EPL player, showed more than flashes of brilliance in his last appearance against Bagan. In fact, his advent along with Romeo gave Dempo ascendancy after the lemon break. He is not only adept at playing the holding game but can be quite tricky when turning provider. He often broke down the Bagan defence with some incisive passes that gave Abranches and Sueoka more opportunities at goal.\"It will be a hard game but we are going to try,\" concluded Booth.Colaco is pinning his hopes on the team performing an encore, with or without the vital links.For the moment, it is advantage Dempo, but knowing their affinity for complacency and the gamble up front, it gives their opponents hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435708", "title": "Share our burden, build infrastructure, Partha tells realtors", "text": "KOLKATA: The cash-strapped Bengal government on Friday asked the real estate industry to bail it out of infrastructure commitments by constructing bridges, roads, hospitals and schools.Speaking to realtors at Bengal Builds, industries minister Partha Chatterjee said the floor-area ratio (FAR) in construction of projects needed to be linked to corporate social responsibility (CSR), if builders wanted to construct taller buildings in the city. The Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India, an umbrella body of builders, has been clamouring for increased FAR and scrapping of the Urban Land Ceiling Act (ULCA) in Bengal.\"It is not possible for a cash-strapped government to build all infrastructure on its own. The industry must share the burden. Unless builders also construct roads and bridges to access the projects and social infrastructure like schools and hospitals, no one will buy houses,\" Chatterjee said.Some real estate players have already funded the construction of access roads and built schools within housing complexes. But by linking it to CSR, Chatterjee now wants the industry to contribute funds for developing infrastructure beyond their projects.The minister's proposal left the industry in a shock as some wondered if the government was absolving itself of all responsibility and passing the buck to private players. \"We can shoulder the burden but the realtors cannot be singled out to turn from business into charity. If the government joins hands with the industry and creates bankable projects in infrastructure, we would be only, too, happy to participate,\" a builder said.Later, urban development minister Firhad Hakim said FAR as well as ULCA would be discussed by the infrastructure task force that chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced on Thursday. \"We will consider all the points that Credai has raised,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439155", "title": "Prez Obama is my co-star: Rajesh Shringarpure", "text": "Rajesh Shringarpure, who has acted in many Marathi films and is best known for his negative role in Sarkar Raj has quietly made his Hollywood debut as well.TOI stumbled upon the promo of the film titled Seal Team Six: The Raid on Osama Bin Laden where Rajesh plays a CIA operative who helps the Seals to nab Osama Bin Laden .The film premiered on a television channel in the US just two days prior to the presidential elections and is claimed to be one of the major reasons for President Barrack Obama's victory the second time round by his critics.Asked how he bagged his very first Hollywood film, Rajesh said, \"I had earlier worked with director Harvey Keitel on Gandhi of the Month , and it was he who suggested to John Stockwell, the director of Seal Team Six , that I was apt for the role. I met Stockwell who wanted to see my work. The rest , as they say, is history. This film is my second film however it released before my first.\"Unlike other Indian actors who talk about their Hollywood co-stars, Rajesh made an interesting observation. \"Normally in a film, if one has to show the president's role in the plot, it is portrayed by actors. However, I consider myself lucky to be able to say that President Barrack Obama is my costar in the film,\" he said.International films apart, the actor has a full plate back home too. \"I am working in Shortcut Romeo followed by a crossover film that stars Dev Patel where I play a villain and then Murder 3, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435125", "title": "Schools told to implement RTE", "text": "AURANGABAD: The education department of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has told all private and government schools to implement the Right to Education Act (RTE), 2009 under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme. According to the reports, it was found that almost all the schools in the city had failed to implement the scheme.\"The schools were unable to implement the Act, as the directions for regulation from the state government were delayed,\" said Dnyanada Kulkarni, education officer of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan at AMC .Under the Act, 25% of seats should be reserved for the economically backward class students.The deadline has been set for March 31, 2013 to implement the scheme for schools and accordingly lawful action will be taken if the schools fail to stick to the norms, she added.Kulkarni said that schools are also mandated to fulfil all the norms of basic requirements. The norms mention that a school or institute should have an independent building, extra classrooms, independent lavatories for girls and boys, drinking water facility, electricity, safety compound wall, playground, ramps, library, child friendly elements, major repairs in time and required furniture.Schools which are old or do not have sufficient space for playground, they will be complied to share a playground nearby, she said.The information of all the schools about its faculty, staff, infrastructure and facilities will be displayed online, which will help to maintain transparency, she said.There are around 543 schools in the city, out of which 77 are corporation schools and about 304 private schools. The syllabus of first and second standard students has been modified for the academic year 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436823", "title": "Centre\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s nod must for trials related to offences in foreign land, says court", "text": "KOCHI: Courts in India cannot conduct trials for offences happening outside India without prior permission from the central government, the Kerala high court has ruled. Courts cannot proceed beyond taking cognizance of such crimes, the court held. The order by justice SS Satheesachandran came while considering a petition filed by Abdul Rahman of Ottapalam in Palakkad district seeking to quash the charges framed against him.Based on a private complaint, a magistrate court at Palakkad had taken cognizance of the offence of cheating against Abdul Rahman. He was alleged to have cheated Rs 42.45 lakh by promising returns through online commodity trading.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate P Jayaram contended that no prior sanction from the central government as envisaged under section 188 of Criminal Procedure Code was obtained. Therefore, the charges against Abdul Rahman should be quashed, he argued.According to section 188, when an offence is committed outside India by a citizen of India or by a person on any ship or aircraft registered in India, he can be dealt with as if the offence was committed within India. However, CrPC prohibits that no such offence shall be enquired into or tired in India except with the prior sanction of the central government.Setting aside the charges framed against the petitioner, the court held: In the present case, after the cognizance stage, further steps taken by the magistrate for framing of charge against the accused, when no sanction has been obtained and produced to prosecute him, are unsustainable.Supreme Court has clarified that trial cannot proceed beyond the cognizance stage without the previous sanction of the central government, the court pointed out.Supreme Court has clarified that trial cannot proceed beyond the cognizance stage without the previous sanction of the central government in such cases, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435592", "title": "Public sector units among big water bill defaulters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reeling under severe water crisis, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has now found their coffers getting emptied, with organisations like University of Hyderabad, Rajiv Gandhi International Airport and the National Police Academy among others not paying dues to the tune of several crores.The water board, after zooming in on one lakh defaulters in Greater Hyderabad and peripheral circles, will launch another survey to find out about more such defaulters existing in the city.While the University of Hyderabad owes them Rs 3.05 crore, the Nuclear Fuel Complex, Ordnance Factory and the National Police Academy have defaulted on dues of more than one crore over the past four years.In a crackdown on such defaulters, authorities will soon attach movable properties of those whose arrears are more than Rs one lakh, under the Andhra Pradesh Revenue Recovery Act 1864.\"The water board has taken the decision of attaching the movable assets as the arrears of crores of rupees have not been paid for years,\" HMWS&SB; managing director J Syamala Rao told TOI. HMWS&SB; has already appointed a retired deputy collector (revenue) to implement the RR Act against the defaulters. The water board will also upload the names of the defaulters and their dues on the official portal www.hyderabadwater.gov.in, in a day or two, Rao said.Starting January, a fresh two-month survey by an independent agency will begin to find out details of more defaulters, officials said. \"For the first time, the water board will take up an initiative on illegal water connections,\" Rao said.The water board also conducts surprise checks through its vigilance wing to identify illegal water connections. Separate teams will carry out door-to-door surveys in all 17 operations and maintenance (O&M;) divisions and detect the illegal connections.Initially, the survey will focus on single water connection and later, multiple connection defaulters will also be found out, Rao said.For the moment, the water board has also decided to give an opportunity to customers with illegal connections to clear their dues and get clearance from authorities. \"We will regularise the illegal water connections under voluntary disclosure scheme (VDS) officially,\" said Rao. During the survey, if the water board finds on its own illegal water connections, customers will have to pay double connection charges with three years penalty and arrears if any, to the water board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434662", "title": "Architecture that you can wear", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What you wear tells others who you are. But what about using clothes as a medium to comment on contemporary society? Xavier Wrona, a French architect and founder of firm Est-ce ainsi, floated this idea in his talk with students at National Institute of Design (NID). Wrona had earlier conducted a similar workshop with students of Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept).\"Architecture, how we understand the term, refers to the design and construction of buildings. I see it in a wider sense where it encompasses the design that creates a system, an order of things. That is why we refer to God as 'the Great Architect'. In the conventional sense, architecture reflects society. But when 90% of projects are commissioned by the wealthy or powerful to make statements - dazzling buildings or towering cathedrals - where is voice of the commoner,\" asked Wrona.He said this realization made him ponder on how to use the principles of architecture to make a statement, and he came up with 'wearable architecture'. \"We take up an issue, weave an idea around it and come up with clothing or props. Like buildings, students undergo a process of designing the garment or prop up to the last detail and wear it.For example, a student worked on 'integration in society' and made metal loops and stitched them on to her clothes in a way that she couldn't enter a regular doorframe - signifying social barriers,\" he said. Wrona said India has a long history of such experiments. He said Mahatma Gandhi understood its importance and used khadi as a weapon against British Raj.\"Even today, we cannot think of Gandhiji's image without khadi. Why not make use of the nation's rich legacy? In my last interaction with students in the city, they came up with issues such as terrorism, corruption, violence against women and communalism and even made some very nice clothing. This time too, I hope to plant a seed of the idea in their minds and will try to connect them with their French counterparts on a number of issues. This relationship to me is the essence of architecture,\" said Wrona.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436553", "title": "My wife is professional but I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m not: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Back in 'action' with Samy, a leaner and meaner Sanjay Dutt met us at his Bandra residence. Dressed in a white shirt and denims, the actor looked relaxed as he spoke about the one woman who has made his life 'beautiful' and production plans easier. Excerpts...What's next for Sanjay Dutt Productions? You mentioned talking to Rohit Shetty , Milan Luthria and Prabhu Dheva... Nothing is finalised. They are all very busy. They will work with me when they have the time. As a producer, I am not into the habit of pushing people.Several younger actors have set up their production houses and doing rather well. What do you think has worked for them and what has been an eye opener for you? There is no eye opener for me. I know one thing - if I turn producer, things are going to move very slowly. And thus, production is handled by my wife. I take care of the creative. She is more corporate like the younger actors. I will just end up spending everything. (He laughs and right then Manyata walks in eliciting a \"See, here's the Boss\" from Sanjay. After she leaves, we continue)Your recent release Son of Sardaar touched the 100 crore mark? Do you associate yourself with numbers? I can't associate with numbers, though it's a good feeling. I associate myself with good roles.But as a producer, you have to think about numbers... That's where my wife comes in. If I am the producer, all my projects would go way over budget.How has she affected your work? She doesn't influence my decision on films. Just my lifestyle. She has given me two beautiful kids, taken care of my family and production house. She is a perfect combination of intelligence and love. Also, she is very professional - a quality I lack.Everyone is waiting for Munna Bhai 3... I am tired of asking Raju (Hirani) to start the project.While everything is falling in place, Ashtavinayak's Sher seems to be in trouble. What kind of a setback is it? A lot of hard work has been put in. It's a good movie being made. And that's why it feels bad. We shot for 45 days in Jaipur in scorching heat. A good part of the film is complete. Just one song and a few scenes are left. Let's see what happens...You and Sanjay Gupta hugged at Amitabh Bachchan's party? Yes , we are now back on line. He is a brother. Ghar ke andar jhagde hote hai . It was just one moment. We were in front of each other and we hugged.You look more at peace today, than ever before... Yes. I just pray to God that the judgement that is about to be passed, is in my favour. Toh mazaa aa jaayega . I want nothing else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17435716", "title": "Indian musicians set Dhaka stage on fire", "text": "DHAKA: Music is a healer that takes away all sorrows and rejuvenates the soul. The people of Dhaka can better vouch for the fact. The city - where Hindusthani raag sangeet was almost a forgotten chapter with sporadic programmes once in a while - witnessed the first ever all night classical programme that started on Thursday and will continue till Sunday.The function has been organized by Bengal Foundation, an organisation that is working towards reviving indigenous music and culture. ITC's Sangeet Research Academy (SRA) , which has done some path-breaking work in preserving India's musical heritage,has partnered with Bengal Foundation in this endeavour.More than a 100 performers from Kolkata are in Dhaka at the moment for the four-day musical regalia 'Bengal-ITC SRA Classical Music Festival' that is being held at the Army Stadium.SRA has brought in its best gurus for the event. On Thursday night, vocalists like Ajoy Chakraborty, Uday Bhawalkar, Waseem Ahmed Khan and Omkar Dadarkar performed along with instrumentalists like Ustad Ali Ahmed Khan (shehnai), Tejendra Narayan Majumdar (sarod) and Shahid Pervez (sitar).The event started with septuagenarian Ustad Ali Ahmed Hussain's shehnai. At the peak of his laykari, as he breathed magic into his wind instrument, the audience gasped and broke into repeated applause. The shehnai maestro teased Pandit Samar Saha on his tabla and the two instruments playfully chased each other through the 45-minute performance that set the mood for the festival.Around 5am in the morning, when Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty ended his ahir lalit, the packed shamiana still sat mystified, thirsting for more magic. He had started immediately after Pandit Tejendra Narayan Majumdar's sarod recital of raaga lalit that was strategically positioned at the cusp when night melted into early dawn.The festival began with an audio-visual presentation by Bengal Foundation that traced the history of Bangladesh to the time when it was a part of one Bengal. Transcending all religious divides, the presentation acknowledged the birth of indigenous raag-based Bengali music with Joydeb Goswami during the reign of Lakshman Sen. It was Goswami's Geet Govindo where raaga Khambaj Abd Gandhar were perhaps used for the first time. Later, the Vaishnav movement and the contribution of Narottam Thakur and his Leelakirtan took the classical music movement forward in Bengal.\"The two Bengals have a 1000 year heritage of classical music that needs to be preserved. We are proud that a beginning has happened. This festival will now be an annual affair,\" said Abul Khair, the chairman of Bengal Foundation.The programme was attended by the external affairs minister of Bangladesh, Dipu Moni, who said that the state would extend all its support to such cultural initiatives that would help to bring the two countries closer. Among the maestros from India who would perform on the remaining three days are, Pandit Birju Maharaj (kathak), Ustad Rashid Khan (vocal), Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma (santoor) and Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia (flute). Thursday's programme also saw Bangladeshi sarod maestro, cast his magical spell with the sarod. Among the other performers from Bangladesh in the festival are, Ebadul Huq (sitar), Abir Hossain (sarod) and Murtuza Kabir (flute).The festival is a tribute to Baba Allauddin Khan, who was born in Bangladesh and whose saga the two countries have been singing ever since.Let the guardians of the borders keep the vigil of divide that runs through the hearts of our two nations; the broken hearts of Kolkata and Dhaka healed after a long time as musicians from the two sides performed on the first ever all night classical programme that started on Thursday and will continue through Sunday. Hindusthani raag sangeet was almost a forgotten chapter here, with sporadic programmes once in a while, but Bengal Foundation, an organisation that is working towards reviving indigenous music and culture has decided to make classical music a part of Dhaka's culture matrix.ITC's Sangeet Research Academy, which has done some path breaking work in preserving India's musical heritage has partnered with Bengal Foundation in this endeavour. The four-day musical regalia have been chrtistened, Bengal-ITC SRA Classical Music Festival and it will now become an annual feature in Dhaka's culture calendar. More than a 100 performers from Kolkata are in Dhaka at the moment for the festival that was attended by nearly 10,000 music lovers on Thursday's all night event. The festival is being organised at the mammoth Army Stadium and access was given to the public to come and enjoy the event. Special permission was sought from the Bangladesh Army for the night long affair since at other times events are wound up by 10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17436605", "title": "Students elated as govt introduces chess in schools", "text": "HUBLI: Following a circular sent by the government on introducing schoolchildren to chess, all government aided and unaided high schools initiated the programme with 'Chaduranga Aadi Chaturaragi' event on Friday. Government schools in Hubli invited local resource persons, who excel in the game, to teach students some game techniques.The education department has asked the managements to choose students interested in chess, train them and allow them to participate in the chess competitions regularly. Playing chess must be a regular feature, at least twice in a week, in the students' schedule, the department has said.Speaking to TOI, MS Patil, headmaster of NR Desai Rotary Kannada Medium School, said: \"The government has decided to introduce programme to promote the game of chess and improve reasoning and thinking power in students. We completely support the initiative.\"Students Ravikumar Patil and Santosh Koujagi said they were excited about learning chess and hoped it would make them smarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439083", "title": "Ajay Devgn's brother to direct 'Do Aur Do Paanch' remake", "text": "Anil Vohra's remake of the 1980 film starring Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor is likely to have Ajay Devgn in Big B's roleA little-remembered but incorrigibly funny film - Do Aur Do Paanch - is the latest to jump onto the 'remake' bandwagon. Producer Anil Vohra seems to have woken up to the potential of the 1980 film and bought its remake rights from Chennai-based producer C Dhandayuthapani.He is now looking at refurbishing the script of the film that remains the most underrated of all the 70s-80s films featuring Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor in the lead.In the original film, Amitabh and Shashi play con-men who are hired to kidnap an heir-apparent from his school, where they masquerade as teachers in order to win over the child's confidence. It was directed by Rakesh Kumar, who also directed Amitabh-starrers Khoon Pasina, Mr Natwarlal and Yaarana.Elaborating on his plan, Vohra said, \"I was happy to seek the producer out. He has been associated with an all-time blockbuster like Haathi Mere Saathi. Our basic plot remains the same but some situations need to be reworked in the modern context. I feel Do Aur Do Paanch is among Bachchan's most neglected comedies. It has immense potential.\"The remake will be directed by Ajay Devgn's brother Anil Devgan, who has wielded the megaphone in Raju Chacha and Blackmail. We hear the Bol Bachchan duo will return with Ajay Devgn cast in Amitabh's role and Abhishek Bachchan reprising Shashi's character.Asked about the casting, Vohra refused to divulge much. \"I am not in a position to talk about the casting. But yes , Anil Devgan is directing the film. We're also going to get the title song from the original Do Aur Do Paanch that was composed by Rajesh Roshan in our remake, no matter what it takes. We've bought the remake rights. We're now ready to negotiate with Saregama for the title track Jo soche... hum woh hain jo do aur do paanch banade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436275", "title": "Govt may consider change in primary school timing", "text": "PATNA: The state government may consider changing the existing timing of primary schools.The existing timing is from 9am to 4pm on weekdays and 9am to 1.30pm on Saturdays. The opposition members in the legislative council on Friday demanded that old timing - from 10am - be restored.Replying to a question of RJD's Nawal Kishore Yadav, education minister P K Shahi said the new timing was implemented from November 16 this year as per a Union government guideline on a fixed number of teaching hours in schools.Intervening during the minister's reply, Nawal Kishore said students belonging to remote areas found it difficult to attend classes as early as 9am. \"They have to travel a distance of at least 4km to reach school. In case of girls, they have to do household chores in early hours,\" he said and added the old timing would hardly make any difference to the quality of education.CPI member Kedar Nath Pandey said several states were sticking to the 10am timing. Council chairman Awadhesh Narayan Singh told the members that the minister had agreed to study the members' proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435071", "title": "Railway line block to affect six trains", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Nanded division of South Central Railway has announced a six-hour line block between Aurangaabd and Daulatabad railway stations starting from 3 pm on December 1, Saturday for a road under bridge work.During the work, around six trains will be affected including the cancellation of train number 57590 Manmad-Nagarsol passenger.The two trains that will be partially cancelled include train number 17688 Dharmabad-Manmad Marathwada Express and train number 57561 Kachiguda-Manmad Passenger. While train number 12071 Dadar-Aurangabad Janshatabdi express will be regulated for 60 minutes in two spells.Train number 17001 Sainagar-Shirdi Express en-route for 40 minutes and the empty rake of train no 57561 will be moved to Nagarsol to pick up train number 57541 Nagarsol Huzur Saheb Nanded passenger.While the goods train will be regulated suitably, a press release issued by the Nanded division said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438709", "title": "Balakrishna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next with Chinni Krishna?", "text": "It's been quite some time since Nandamuri Balakrishna has been in the thick of the action. The actor has had two releases this year - Adhinayakudu and Srimannarayana and since then, Balayya was seen actively participating in political and charity events of late and has not signed any film.A little birdie tells us that Balakrishna is getting back into action as he okays Chinni Krishna's project. Chinni Krishna, who earlier directed Veedu Teda starring Nikhil, has apparently got the green signal from Balayya after the actor was impressed with the script. Sources add that Bellamkonda Suresh is likely to produce the film, which might on floors in mid December. An official announcement is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17433646", "title": "Varun Gandhi charged for 2009 hate speech", "text": "LUCKNOW: A court in Pilibhit district of UP framed charges against BJP MP Varun Gandhi in one of the 2009 hate speech cases. Varun had allegedly made inflammatory comments against Muslims in his speeches at public meetings in Pilibhit during the 2009 Lok Sabha election campaign.The BJP leader was booked under various sections of the IPC and the People's Representation Act for promoting enmity and acts prejudicial against communal harmony. The first FIR was lodged on March 17, 2009, at Barkhera police station for an inflammatory speech during a public meeting on March 8, 2009. The second FIR was lodged at Sadar Kotwali on March 18, 2009, again for allegedly making a speech with communal overtones in Dalchand locality. The third FIR was lodged on March 28, 2009, when Varun's supporters attacked cops after the court sent him in judicial remand.The police have filed chargesheet in all the three cases. Charges in the case lodged at Barkhera police station were framed in May 2011. Now, the framing of charges has taken place in the case filed in Sadar Kotwali police station.According to the police, chief judicial magistrate Abdul Qayum took note of the chargesheet filed in Sada Kotwali police station in the presence of the BJP MP. The court has fixed December 10 and 11 as the next date of hearing. The court decided the charges against Varun on the basis of evidences produced by prosecutors in the matter. The court also directed the prosecutors to produce the witnesses in the matter.The court also heard the 'Barkhera police station' case. A total of 10 witnesses were produced in the matter before the court. Of them, five witnesses testified in favour of Varun, while others changed their statement recorded with the police.Varun had strongly denied the charges and termed the case as an attempt to malign him. He said that in one instance he was referring to bad elements and in the second one, the tapes have been doctored. The cases were registered against him on the directions of the Election Commission. Later, Varun surrendered before the court which sent him to jail under judicial custody.In 2009, the BSP government slapped National Security Act on the 32-year-old BJP leader and he was shifted to Etah Jail. However, in May 2009, the NSA was revoked on the direction of the Supreme Court and he was released on bail. Varun also won the LS election from Pilibhit.Significantly, Varun in September wrote to the SP government requesting withdrawal of cases describing them as \"politically motivated\". On his request, the government sought a report from the Pilibhit administration on whether the cases could be withdrawn or not in public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434977", "title": "BJP demands an SIT inquiry into irrigation departmen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s affairs", "text": "MUMBAI: Accusing chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of giving a clean chit to the NCP, the BJP on Friday demanded an inquiry by the special investigation team (SIT) into financial irregularities in the irrigation department.Addressing the media in Mumbai, leader of the opposition in the state legislative council Vinod Tawde rubbished the DF government's claim of a 28% increase in the state's irrigation potential. \"The facts tabled in the white paper are nothing but eyewash. An SIT probe was ordered in the Telgi scam. The BJP wants an SIT inquiry along similar lines into financial irregularities in the irrigation department,\" Tawde said. \"We will not allow the state legislature to function unless the government orders the probe.\"The winter session of the legislature is to start in Nagpur from December 10. According to the economic survey for 2011-12, the state's irrigation area showed a negligible rise of 0.1% despite funds amounting to Rs 70,000 crore being spent in the last 10 years. Following this and a series of media reports on irrigation project cost increases and financial irregularities in the concerned department, the government announced that it would bring out a white paper on the matter.But according to the paper, nothing was wrong with the state's irrigation projects. Instead, the paper says Rs 42,000 crore and not Rs 70,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects in the last decade. Tawde said, \"The plan and non-plan budget of the water resources department for the period shows that nearly Rs 70,000 crore has been spent by the department on irrigation projects. Going by the amount of money pumped in by the government for these projects, the rise in irrigation area mentioned in the white paper is negligible.\"Accusing Chavan of succumbing to NCP pressure, Tawde said, \"There will be a vote on the FDI issue in Parliament. The UPA's allies are against FDI. To bail out the Union government, the Chavan-led DF gave a clean chit to the water resources ministry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434226", "title": "BJP's dharna from December 4 for OBC scholarship", "text": "NAGPUR: In order to exert pressure on state government for disbursing the scholarship amount to OBC and VJNT students, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will stage round the clock dharna in front of Nagpur district collectorate from December 4. The party has claimed that all OBC organizations have declared their support for the agitation.Addressing a press conference BJP MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Krishna Khopade, Vikas Kumbhare and others alleged that Congress-NCP coalition had taken a decision to abolish the OBC scholarship scheme even though the funds were provided by central government.\"The government has not disbursed Rs 1,400 crore scholarship amount pertaining to last two academic sessions and the current one. As a result many OBC and VJNT students have been forced to quit the course by the private college authorities. The ministers say that centre has not released the funds and hence they are not providing the same to the students. This happens with other states too. But they pay from their own treasury and then claim reimbursement,\" Fadnavis said.According to these BJP leaders the biggest proof of state government's intent to discontinue the scholarship scheme was its reaction to the Centre's proposal on OBC scholarships. Central government had sent communications to all state governments stating that it wished to calculate the scholarship amount at new rates and also include more courses in it. However, Maharashtra Government told Centre that it was not interested.Commenting on role of PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who portrays himself to be champion of OBCs, Fadnavis said that last year the minister had promised him to get the money released but nothing had happened so far. \"Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe has been trying hard to get the money released but nobody pays any attention to him in the cabinet. When he directs finance officers to release the funds, they ignore him. The government is completely anti-OBC,\" the MLA charged.The party has prepared for the agitation in a big way. Its activists and those belonging to its frontals have gone to all colleges and contacted the OBC students who are facing problems due to lack of disbursement of scholarship. These students have been urged to participate in the agitation. It has also demanded that the creamy layer limit for OBCs and EBCs should be increased on lines of several other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436505", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa walks out at last, but Shettar looks safe for now", "text": "BANGALORE: B S Yeddyurappa on Friday ended his long association with the BJP. He will formally take over as president of the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) in Haveri on December 9.While there is no immediate threat to the government, the former CM's exit will have long-term implications not just for BJP but also for other major parties as well. The KJP's formation will further fragment the state's fractured political arena. The BJP will face the toughest challenge.\"Today is a very sad day. With a heavy heart and pain, I am quitting the BJP. I started my political career with the BJP. I became MLA, MLC, state president, opposition leader, deputy chief minister and chief minister of a party with which I was associated for 40 years. But betrayal and back-stabbing by some leaders have made me quit the BJP,\" an emotional Yeddyurappa said.The Lingayat strongman chose Freedom Park to free himself from the BJP.Neither BS Yeddyurappa nor the BJP sees any threat to the Jagadish Shettar ministry from Friday's developments. This is despite the fact that at least 10 ministers and 40 legislators are identified with Yeddyurappa's camp.While the former CM maintained he would not destabilize the ministry, the fact is that not many ministers and MLAs are ready to resign before the assembly completes its term. Aware of this, Yeddyurappa said he has not invited any MLA or minister to the KJP event in Haveri. On Friday, neither his son B Y Raghavendra, an MP, nor Shobha Karandlaje , his close associate and energy minister, resigned .Only a handful of legislators - D N Suresh, Chikkanagouda, B P Harish, Nehru Olekar, H Halappa, Bharathi Shetty, Shivaraj Sajjanar , Mumtaz Ali Khan and M D Lakshminarayan - were present at Yeddyurappa's exit event.Raghavendra and GS Basavaraj were the only two MPs present. While Karandlaje did not share the dais, she was seen outside the hotel where Yeddyurappa addressed the media.The former CM faxed his resignation to BJP president Nitin Gadkari . Later, he reached Vidhana Soudha in a procession and resigned his assembly membership by handing over the papers to speaker KG Bopaiah. Immediately thereafter, he enrolled as a member of the KJP.Yeddyurappa, who has been lashing out at BJP leaders K S Eshwarappa and H N Ananth Kumar, vowed not to speak against them anymore. Instead, he will concentrate on strengthening the KJP.Reacting to Yeddyurappa's exit, Eshwarappa, state BJP president, said: \"We will welcome him back to the party if he thinks of coming back.\"Yeddyurappa is now faced with the tough task of proving his detractors wrong and showing that BJP's rise was mainly on account of him. The BJP, meanwhile, has its task cut out: convince the Lingayats, its biggest vote bank, that it's a better bet than the untested KJP or the Congress.Both Yeddyurappa's elevation as BJP chief minister four and half years ago and his exit from the party had one thing in common: a trip to Vaishnodevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436132", "title": "World AIDS Day: Tamil Nadu to plug holes in fight against AIDS", "text": "CHENNAI: On Friday, the eve of World AIDS Day , the Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society (Tansacs) announced that it will start a new drug regimen for pregnant women with HIV to reduce the incidence of transmission of the virus from mother to child to less than 1%.From February 2013, pregnant women tested positive for HIV will be given a combination of three antiretroviral drugs recommended by WHO for pregnant women with HIV/AIDS. \"This will reduce the transmission rate to less than 1%,\" said AIDS control society project director Kumar Jayanth.TN, where the virus was first detected in the country in 1986, has led the fight agai- nst HIV/AIDS. Tamil Nadu once had one of largest number of HIV/AIDS cases in the country, but it has brought down incidence of infections to 0.3%, becoming a role model for other states in the country. The incidence of HIV is on the decline across India, but the state is working towards achieving the WHO international goal: \"Getting to zero: zero new HIV infections. Zero discrimination. Zero AIDS related deaths.\"\"This cannot be possible unless we stop transmission from mother to child and make treatment accessible to pregnant women,\" Jayanth said.Women now get one dose of the antiretroviral therapy during labour. This prevents the mother passing on the virus to the baby. The baby gets a dose of the drug within 72 hours of delivery. However, studies by various institutions, including National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis , have found that 10% of babies of women with HIV/AIDS contract the virus even with this treatment.The research centre, the central testing HIV laboratory for newborns in TN, Pondicherry and Kerala, receives at least 1,200 samples every year. Of these at least 120 test positive for HIV.Experts point out that the testing process is flawed. \"The lab first gets a drop of dry blood on a filter paper. If this tests positive, we repeat the test on fresh samples. But it takes an average of six months to it,\" said NIRT director Soumya Swaminathan.While tracking cases, Dr Swaminathan found that less than 25% of the children who tested positive for HIV had started treatment. \"The other children were dead or could not be found,\" she said.The statistics are similar at the department of genetics in TN Dr MGR Medical University, which is the testing centre for Andhra Pradesh , says Dr S Mini Jacob, head of the varsity's department of experimental medicine. \"It is proved that starting treatment for a pregnant women will stop transmission to the child,\" Dr Jacob said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435496", "title": "November saw two cold waves as mercury yo-yoed", "text": "MUMBAI: After the night temperatures dipped a little in October, the city witnessed two very cold phases in November.While November started with a low night temperature of 19 degrees Celsius, the mercury rose for sometime only to drop again to 17 degrees Celsius in the second week. Though Diwali celebrations from November 11 ensured that the minimum temperatures remained high, the mercury started dipping again by November 17.On November 19, Santa Cruz recorded 14.6 degrees Celsius\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the second lowest November temperature in a decade. Thereafter, the temperature rose again and stayed between 16 and 19 degrees Celsius until Thursday when it dipped to 15.8 degrees Celsius. On Friday, Colaba recorded a minimum temperature of 19.2 degrees Celsius (about three degrees below normal) while that in Santa Cruz dipped to 15.8 degrees Celsius (4.5 degrees below normal). Meanwhile, the maximum temperature was 29.8 degrees Celsius in Colaba and 31.5 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz.Deputy director general of India Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai, N Y Apte said, \"The winter started earlier than usual in October this year. The strong western disturbances have brought cold waves to Maharashtra. One or two of these in the month of November is normal.\"Apte said the maximum temperatures all through the month have also been more or less under control. The day-time temperatures have been between 31 and 35 degrees Celsius. The highest temperature recorded in November was on the second when the temperature in Colaba rose to 35.2 degrees Celsius. As compared to previous years when the maximum temperatures rose to as high as 37 degrees Celsius in November, this November has been tame.\"Maximum temperatures have been more or less normal all through the month. The minimum temperatures, too, were only 3-4 degrees below normal and that too only on few days,\" said Apte. \"When Mumbaikars switch off their fans, they consider it to be winter. This perception is very different from the winter of the north,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436754", "title": "Blood safety a far cry in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even as the world observes World AIDS Day on Saturday, safety remains an area of prime concern in Odisha with at least two cases of blood transfusion-induced HIV infection coming to light in recent times.Inadequate trained professionals to man blood banks, outdated technology to screen blood before transfusion and the state's heavy reliance on whole blood (compared to blood components) ail the practice of blood transfusion.There are over 80 blood banks in the state but less than 100 trained doctors to handle the procedure of blood donation, screening and transfusion. Number of laboratory technicians deputed in these banks would be around 50% of the requirement. \"Ideally, each bank should have 2 to 3 doctors who are trained to handle the transfusion service. We don't have adequate manpower,\" said Dr Mangala Prasad Mohanty, honorary secretary of the state branch of Indian Red Cross Society, which manages most of the important blood banks.Odisha still depends heavily on whole blood though standard prevalent practice in many other parts of the country is to transfuse blood components as different patients need different parts of the blood. \"By maximizing transfusion of components, the overall needs of blood decreases because each unit of blood can be given to two to three patients,\" said Mohanty.During the monsoon session of the Odisha assembly, health minister Damodar Rout had announced to start the latest Nucleic Acid Amplification Tests (NAAT) under PCR method to screen blood. This is regarded the latest and the most advanced test and detects HIV within 10 days of infection compared to the prevalent Elisa in which the virus goes undetected for three weeks. The government, however, is yet to start the NAAT-PCR method.\"The government is working on the modalities to go about NAAT-PCR since it is a costly method. We have studied the way it is implemented in Bangalore and Lucknow. The government is likely to take a decision soon,\" said Dr Kishor Chandra Behera, director of State Blood Transfusion Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438497", "title": "Shanthnu injured", "text": "Shanthnu Bhagyaraj, who has received rave reviews about his just released 'Ammavin Kaipesi' is gearing up for the Celebrity Cricket League ( CCL) 2013 wwhich is tentaivell scheduled to start on 9th February.The son of yesteryear ace director Bhagyaraj is a star player for the Chennai Rhinos team captained by Vishal and seems to have injured himself practicing rigorously for the game.Shanthnu tweeted \"Injured myself during practice for #CCL.. off cricket, gym or any activities for few days :( aaargghh so frustrating sitting at home !!\"Ammavin Kaipesi directed by Thangar Bachchan with Shanthnu Bhagyaraj and Iniya playing the lead roles. The story revolves around a mother who is put to a situation to live away from her nine children and the only way she could talk to them is through her mobile phone. This makes her too possessive of her mobile phone as she starts regarding it as her children's representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438020", "title": "Asha Bhosle's comeback concert in January 2013", "text": "The singing diva Asha Bhosle represents the wondrous spirit of human resilience in all its sonorous splendour. In less than two months she has pulled herself away from abject grief to unconquerable optimism.Ever since her only daughter Varsha's gruesome suicide on 8 October Ashaji has been lying low. In fact, friends and family say she had gone into a depression which seemed to have gripped her with frightening intensity but now comes heartening news. Ashaji has gradually begun to heal and become emotionally healthy once again.The singer's therapy for recuperation: music. Says a source close to the singer, \"If it wasn't for the music the tragedy would have destroyed her. Ashaji has immersed herself completely into music. She has again started doing riyaaz religiously every morning and evening like an eager student of music. It has helped her to regain her composure, given her hope, strengthened her resolve to carry on.\"We now hear that the songstress would hold a comeback concert in January which would be dedicated to her daughter Varsha. Not only that, the singing diva's acting debut in Mai delayed because of the devastating bereavement, would also be released in January. Says the source, \"Ashaji has completely submerged her grief into her music. She sounds better today than she did six months ago. It's a miracle. But then she is a very strong woman.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17433565", "title": "UP cannibal gets life term for 14 murders", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A sessions court on Friday awarded life imprisonment to Uttar Pradesh's first reported cannibal, who allegedly killed people to savour their brains, after he was found guilty of murdering a scribe of Hindi daily `Aaj'.Additional sessions judge (II) Mehtab Ahmad found Ram Niranjan alias Raja Kolandar guilty along with his brother-in-law, Vaksharaj, for killing Dhirendra Singh, the journalist, 12 years back.During investigations, police found that Kolandar not only killed the scribe, but was also involved in 14 other murders. Police found that he used to kill people on petty issues, dismember their bodies and throw the body parts in lakes, rivers and forest. However, in most cases, he kept the head to \"eat the brain\" and later hang the skulls as a trophy in his house.The matter came to light on December 18, 2000, when police caught Kolandar and Vaksharaj on charges of killing Dhirendra, who had gone missing four days earlier. When he failed to return home, his family lodged an FIR at Kydganj police station on December 17, 2000. The police scanned his call details and found that a call was made to one Phoolan Devi, a resident of Cheoki on December 16, 2000. Phoolan was detained and during sustained interrogation narrated \"the truth\" about Kolandar.Later, Kolandar and Vaksharaj were arrested and a stolen Tata Sumo vehicle was recovered from them. During interrogation, Kolandar confessed to his involvement in the murder of Dhirendra whom he killed with Vaksharaj's help on December 17, 2000. They dumped the body and head at some place on Allahabad-Rewa road. Dhirendra was killed due to rivalry during panchayat polls in which Kolandar's wife Phoolan had emerged victorious. Apart from Dhirendra's body, the police also recovered 14 skulls from his house.The incident sent shock waves across the state. It was revealed that Kolandar's first victim was a colleague at the ordinance factory he used to work in. After arrest, Kolandar told police that he killed his colleague and ate his brain only because he belonged to a community considered to be having sharp brains. He also confessed that he killed three people in a taxi when they refused to give him lift to Lucknow from Allahabad. Kolandar, said police, considered himself \"a king and a judge\" and named his two sons as Adalat (court) and Jamanat (bail).In Dhirendra case, on Kolandar's information, police recovered some dismembered body parts of the scribe from a lake at Rewa in Madhya Pradesh. He had also told the police that he killed Dhirendra fearing he would publish news report against him. The chargesheet was filed in February 2001 but the case dragged for 11 years as the prosecution struggled to get witnesses. The murder cases related to the killing of 14 other victims are also going on against Kolandar in courts in different parts of the state.Kolandar and Vaksharaj are in jail since their arrest in December 2000. Apart from awarding life sentence, the judge has also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 each on the two accused under Section 302 of IPC. Besides, the two accused were also sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment under Section 201 of IPC and a fine of Rs 5000 each has been imposed on them. An additional sentence of one year rigorous imprisonment under Section 404 of IPC has also been awarded by the court to the accused along with a fine of Rs 1000 each.Dhirendra's family said they were not satisfied with the verdict and have decided to approach the high court seeking capital punishment.Kolandar is said to be also planning to challenge the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17436986", "title": "World AIDS Day: Seminar, blood donation camp to create awareness on AIDS", "text": "KANPUR: The University Institute of Paramedical Sciences, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, organised a voluntary blood donation camp and a seminar on AIDS awareness for the faculty members of the university and the paramedical staff working in different hospitals on Friday.The blood donation camp had been organised by UIPS, with support from blood bank of Ursula Horsman Memorial Hospital (UHM). As many as 50 people donated blood.The seminar was jointly inaugurated by Indian Medical Association president Alka Sharma, CSMU registrar SW Husain, chief medical officer Kiran Pandey and others.Main speaker BP Priyadarshi said that AIDS was first discovered in 1981. In 1985, the first AIDS patient was detected in India. Quoting the figures issued by UP AIDS Control Society, he said 1,45,000 people are registered with anti-retro viral therapy (ART) centres.Priyadarshi said mainly because of blood transfusion, a person comes in contact with HIV. A total of 90-95% of people get affected with HIV due to blood transfusion. He added that HIV attacks CD 4 cells of the human body and weakens the immunity of the person. The person is unable to fight with the diseases and becomes seriously ill. World AIDS Day is being observed across the globe since 1988. The purpose of observing this day is to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS.Dr Kiran Pandey, HoD, gynecology, GSVM Medical College said fairer sex is more prone to HIV/AIDS due to the physical structure. Lack of awareness among women is a cause of spread of AIDS. She said prevention is the only cure of AIDS.Hundreds of students from intermediate and degree colleges participated in the question-answer session on AIDS.Drawing, slogan writing competition organised: Drawing and slogan writing competition were organised at Akbarpur Degree College in Kanpur Dehat by department of Adult Contuining Education and Extension and Social Works of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, on the eve of World AIDS Day on December 1.The subject for the two competitions was HIV/AIDS. A number of students from different colleges took part in the events. The students made posters highlighting messages on AIDS.Kavita Rajput was declared winner of drawing competition, Vandana Devi was chosen as the winner of the slogan competition. Puja Kumari and Rashmi were runners up in the drawing competition. Priyanka Shukla and Vikrant Singh were the runners up of slogan writing competition.On December 1, an AIDS awareness rally, nukkad natak, kite flying etc will be organised at Akbarpur Degree College. The rally will kickstart from district hospital and will conclude at Akbarpur Degree College.Session on AIDS today: On the occasion of World AIDS Day on December 1, the University Institute of Paramedical Sciences will be organising an interactive session on AIDS and its preventions for the students in the university auditorium. The chief speaker for the event would be Dr IS Gilada, President of AIDS Society of India.IS Gilada was given a prestigious award in Germany in 1999. Germany had named Dr Gilada as Indian machine gun against AIDS.The chief guest on the occasion would be Shiv Kumar Beria, cabinet minister in the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17439132", "title": "Modi visit for damage control in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: On first day after filing his nomination Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to address total six public meetings in Gujarat. He would address three meetings in Saurashtra while three meetings in south Gujarat.With the public meetings Modi will start campaign for BJP by addressing the audience directly. Modi's meeting in south Gujarat are being monitored closely by party leaders and voters as recent election rallies by BJP leaders and Modi's 3D speech attempts have proved unsuccessful.Modi will address two public meetings in Katargam and Pandesara area of Surat while one meeting will take place at Dharampur of Valsad. After addressing the first meeting in Dharampur in Saturday afternoon Modi will come to Surat.Modi's meeting in Surat are considered important by BJP as he is likely to mobilise few BJP workers who are inactive due to various reasons. A number of BJP workers in Surat are staying away from active campaigning due to discontent in ticket distribution and neglect by party leadership. Modi's public meetings are being organized to create pressure on the inactive workers. In two assembly constituencies in Surat city the party is facing displeasure of senior workers.Modi will also assess the post ticket distribution scenario in south Gujarat during his half day visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436207", "title": "Agencies shortlisted to restore heritage courts", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court is in the process of short-listing the organisations that will take up the restoration of five historic buildings on its premises.The Madras high court received 22.24 crore from the Centre for preservation and maintenance of heritage court buildings in Tamil Nadu. It asked Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) to do the preliminary assessment a few years ago. Intach submitted its report and is said to be in the running to undertake the project.The buildings to be taken up for conservation and restoration are the George Town metropolitan magistrate's co8urt, the small causes court in the HC campus, the Egmore metropolitan magistrate's court and the additional chief metropolitan magistrate's court and the Saidapet court.\"It is in the preliminary stages. We have not yet finalised anything,\" said K Indumathi, registrar, Madras high court. Dr C T Misra, member-secretary of Intach, said the high court had approached the organisation but it was too early to confirm whether it would take up the project.Of the 22 crore, around 6 crore will be spent on repairing and restoring the majestic small causes court inside the high court campus.Heritage activists pointed out that it will be challenging to restore the court complexes while they are functioning, but many think it will improve the state of these offices that function under a lot of limitations. The three magistrate court complexes at Egmore, Saidapet and George Town have scores of visitors but lack basic facilities.The small causes court in the high court premises can match the main HC structure, designed in Indo-Saracenic style of architecture, in elegance and finish. However, toilets and office cubicles have been created in these heritage structures without seeking expert help. A thorough restoration will arrest some of the damages, said heritage activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436868", "title": "Don't shield Jain, Hazare tells CM", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare has urged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan not to shield former state minister Suresh Jain, who has been arrested in the Rs 169-crore housing scam, and said some unpleasant decisions will have to be taken to ensure that the case reaches its logical conclusion.In a letter written to the CM on November 27, Hazare said the state government has not bothered to find out the truth about Jain's illness, despite the fact that he has been in separate hospitals ever since he was arrested in March this year. \"This clearly shows that Jain is getting government patronage,\" he said.Hazare said people knew that Chavan did not indulge in corruption, but \"shielding corrupt people is also a kind of corruption\". Hazare said he will be forced to start an agitation if he is not convinced that the government was going to act firmly in the matter.The Gandhian said advocates Nirmalkumar Suryavanshi and Pravin Chavan were appointed by Ishu Sandhu, the then additional superintendent of police, Jalgaon, to ensure that Jain and others were exposed. \"Their painstaking efforts ensured that Jain's bail application was rejected first by the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court and later by the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has also directed the government to frame charges in the case. Both Suryavanshi and Chavan need to be appointed as special public prosecutors to secure punishment for the guilty, but I have learnt that the government was planning to appoint some other lawyers who will help weaken the government's case so that Jain gets bail,\" Hazare has said in the letter.Hazare has pointed out that he has been pursuing Jain's case since 2003, when he submitted proof about corruption to the tune of Rs 300 crore in the housing scam, Waghur water supply scheme, Jalgaon district central cooperative bank, airport project and the commercial complex project. \"I had been writing letters to the respective government officials till 2004, and had to recourse to an indefinite fast after which the government appointed an inquiry commission in 2005, which indicted Jain and others. However, there has been no action on the findings of the inquiry commission,\" he said.He also reminded Chavan that he had sent him a letter about the matter on October 10, 2011, but no action was taken. \"This shows that corrupt people are being shielded,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17435094", "title": "Qatar plan threatens to kill climate talks", "text": "DOHA: Host Qatar plans to start a ministerial-level closed door meeting at the ongoing UN climate negotiations but outside the formal schedule, which could potentially short circuit and make redundant the negotiator-level talks that started on November 26.The move has got several developing countries, who have been informed of the plan, agitated.While a pre-schedule meeting of the 190 plus ministers is slated for December 5, sources in the developing countries told TOI that the host plans to hold a meeting of ministers even before the date. This has evoked distrust and bad blood among gathered nations that have been characteristic of UN climate talks.The normal process at such two-week-long annual UN negotiations starts with officials and negotiators from the gathered countries trying to hammer out as much consensus as they can and leave the remaining political decisions to the ministers to draw a conclusion. The final decisions of UN meetings are adopted only when there is a complete consensus among all gathered countries.But, sources told TOI that Qatar wants to scrap the work done so far and get a set of key ministers to draft new negotiating texts. One key developing country negotiator, who spoke to TOI on condition of anonymity, expressed fears that this would bring to naught all the effort put in so far, and put several smaller countries out of the frame from decision making.When host Denmark did the same at the UN climate meeting in Copenhagen in 2009, it led to an acrimonious end to the talks with the gathered countries failing to approve the decisions taken behind closed doors first by a select group of less than 30 countries and later the BASIC four along with the US. Denmark faced severe flak for the move,In Durban too last year, host South Africa began a ministerial round table outside the official process producing new negotiating texts out of the blue leading to clashes between rich and developing world, and a marathon meeting was held much beyond the scheduled closure.The talks here are embroiled in bitter arguments over how to keep key issues of finance, equity, global peaking years and concerns alive even as the existing two tracks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the LCA and Kyoto Protocol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d draw to a close this year. The US is keen that no unresolved issue from 2007 till date be taken into the negotiations on the new global treaty currently under negotiation. The US is joined by other developed countries, while a few others want only issues of their interest to be on the agenda for the post-2020 regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434572", "title": "Ucassaim sarpanch, secy caught accepting bribe", "text": "PANAJI: Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) of the directorate of vigilance on Friday caught red handed Ucassaim sarpanch Rajesh Dabale and panchayat secretary Uday Naik for accepting a bribe of 70,000 for issuing a construction licence for building a bungalow.ACB sources said that Dabale and Naik initially demanded 2.35 lakh to issue the licence for the bunglow. But the complainant, architect Rahul Deshpande, decided not to pay the amount. He instructed his junior architect to hold talks with the sarpanch and secretary, with the conversation being recorded. Deshpande was constructing the bungalow with a swimming pool for a Mumbai based party.ACB sources said that out of 2.35 lakh, an amount of 2.10 lakh was for the sarpanch and 25,000 for the secretary. During the course of negotiations, the amount was brought down to 1.70 lakh, out of which 1.50 lakh was for sarpanch and 20,000 for the secretary.After recording the conversation between the junior architect and sarpanch and secretary, Deshpande registered the complaint with ACB and a trap was laid.Initially, a meeting between the architects and the sarpanch and secretary was fixed in a hotel at Mapusa to deliver the amount and it was decided to pay 70,000 in the hotel and the remaining Rs 1 lakh in the car, which was parked outside the hotel. But later the meeting place was shifted to a hotel at Guirm and a ACB team in plainclothes was kept ready to trap the accused.As soon as 70,000 was paid in the hotel, the accused with the complainant came out from the hotel to collect the remaining amount which was kept in the car outside the hotel. At this moment, an ACB official immediately caught the accused.In 2003, Naik was allegedly caught red handed by crime branch for accepting a bribe of 2,000 when he was secretary of Parra panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435726", "title": "CBI heat on Nandigram cop for delay in rape victim's swab samples", "text": "KOLKATA: The CBI has indicted a sub-inspector for delay in sending the swab sample of a woman who was raped by policemen on the day of the Nandigram firing in March 2007.The CBI has urged the state government to take action against SI Narayan Chandra Mondal. The accused officer pleaded with the CBI that he could not send the sample because he was \"busy with law and order duty\" but the CBI was not convinced.On March 14, 2007, when police were taking action against villagers and members of Bhoomi Ucched Protirodh Committee (BUPC) who were agitating against land acquisition at Nandigram, the victim was on her way to a Gauranga puja.She says some uniformed policemen who wore helmets but had their faces covered in black cloth dragged her into a bush and raped her. Around the same time, the firings started in which 14 villagers were killed.A day after the incident, Calcutta high court asked CBI to investigate the firing and complaints of police excesses. In November that year, the high court ruled the firing \"totally unconstitutional\" and directed the state government to pay a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for each loss of life, Rs 2 lakh for each rape victim and Rs 1 lakh for each of the injured.The Supreme Court upheld the HC order for a CBI probe. While investigating allegations of police excesses, the CBI came across the complaint of rape. CBI DIG Arun Bothra wrote to chief secretary Sanjay Mitra on November 27 that the investigating officer in the rape case had delayed sending the swab samples so long that they were damaged.The CBI suspects Mondal of purposefully delaying sending the samples to the central forensic laboratory in Hyderabad and recommends action against himThe CBI report also says that the rape victim had gone to Nandigram police station to file a complaint but was shooed out by policemen, as her allegation was against some men in uniform.Later she and her husband went to the Nandigram health centre where the doctor examined her injuries and referred her to Tamluk hospital where she was admitted.On March 16, 2007, when the subdivisional officer visited the hospital to talk to the injured villagers, the victim complained about the rape. Only then was a rape case started and a medical test conducted to confirm sexual assault. Though the samples were given to Mondal to be sent to the central lab, he sat on it till March 27. The CBI is yet to identify the rapists.The CBI has already sought clearance from the state government to prosecute some IPS officers for their alleged involvement in the firing. It seeks permission to prosecute the then Nandigram OC, Sekhar Roy, as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17437019", "title": "Banaras Hindu University to organize international conference", "text": "VARANASI: Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will organise an international conference on 'Marketing Paradigms in Emerging Economies' from December 4 to December 5 at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU.Giving this information to reporters on Friday, dean, FMS, BHU, Prof SK Singh informed that over 300 research papers will be read on the occasion by participants from across the country. Some international scholars and experts from countries like China, Nepal, Mexico, Thailand, Malaysia, Bangladesh will also present their papers and opinions.The research, papers, and articles on designing and managing market offerings, customer relationship managements, supply chain management, integrated marketing communication, brand management, consumer behaviour, status of consumer awareness and its impact on the emerging markets, women and marketing paradigms and several other topics will be read on the occasion.According to Prof Singh, \"the aim of the conference is to provide a platform for cross fertilisation of ideas among academicians, researchers, practisioners, entrepreneuers, domain experts, and students. The conference will be attended by policy makers, experts from industry and corporate, academicians and researchers from related areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436786", "title": "A lion and lioness in your neighbourhood zoo", "text": "INDORE: The Kamla Nehru zoo in Indore would soon have two Asiatic lions. The zoo authorities are in the final stage of wrapping up a deal with Rajkot and Junagarh zoos for bringing these extremely endangered species in the city.The zoo in-charge Uttam Yadav said there are only tigers in Indore zoo, and with the arrival of a lion and lioness the pose of animals in the zoo would be attractive. \"We already have a space for this couple,\" he added.But the Gujarat zoo authorities are waiting for the elections to end as it takes a long procedure to send animals from one place to another. \"We are waiting for Gujarat elections to get over, and then speed up the process of documentation. By the end of the year, the animals would join the zoo,\" Yadav said. He further mentioned that in exchange they are going to give away a pair of wolf, hyena and an extremely endangered wild cat. \"We had discussed the exchange already, and will be giving away some of the animals from our zoo, as we take the new ones.\"He said that the lion and lioness are 4 and 3 year old respectively. \"The lion is very healthy with dense hair. These animals are young therefore it would be easy for them to breed,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435760", "title": "Stop party feud ahead of polls: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: On the backdrop of her party suffering relentless infighting across the state, Trinamool Congress supremo and chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday iterated her zero tolerance for internal strife.In a hurriedly convened meeting at her Harish Chatterjee Street residence on Friday, Mamata sent a clear message to her partymen, urging them to abstain for backbiting. She also asked her leaders to prepare themselves for a May date for the panchayat election. The meeting, called exclusively for leaders from North 24-Parganas, was attended by 29 MLAs from the district.North 24-Parganas has eight Trinamool ministers and five MPs. Among those present at Friday's meeting included ministers Amit Mitra, Jyotipriya Mullick, Purnendu Bose, Madan Mitra, Manjulkrishna Thakur and MLAs Chiranjit and Subhranshu Roy. MPs Mukul Roy and Dinesh Trivedi were also present at the 9am meeting.The chief minister broached the issue of an altercation between Basirhat MLA Abdullah and M P Haji Nurul seven days ago. The infighting among the two groups - led by the two leaders - has been going on for the last month or so. Mamata said she wouldn't tolerate such factionalism because it would weaken the organisation ahead of the panchayat elections. She asked everyone to work together to put up a tough fight against the CPM, Congress and the BJP in the May panchayat polls. The five-year term of the panchayats will get over on May 13.Referring to the assault on Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay, she also asked her partymen why senior members were being pushed to the backseat.Moreover, the chief minister urged her colleagues to arrest the tendency of switching parties. Besides, she asked the leaders to steer clear of syndicates or the local groups of construction material suppliers who were backed by political leaders.Earlier, the chief minister had called for an early panchayat election (first she wanted it in December and then in January) on a number of occasions. But she was dissuaded by state election commissioner Meera Pande, who had insisted that panchayat polls couldn't be advanced because of the roll revision. The CPM and the Congress had also resisted an early election, saying it would deprive new voters.The Trinamool Congress had wrested 124 out of 200 panchayat seats in the district. Determined to take control of the zilla parishads, including the crucial North 24-Parganas, Mamata added another general secretary to the existing four. She also made some organizational changes with a stress on the panchayat elections.The CM asked the leaders to concentrate especially on Minakha, Sandeskhali and Bashirhat. After Mamata left, Mukul Roy pointed out that many supporters had started quitting the party and joining their old parties. Roy has been asked to concentrate on North 24-Parganas, which has contributed much in catapulting the Trinamool to the seat of power.Chief minister and Trinamool supremo Mamata Banerjee on Friday asked her party leaders to prepare themselves for a May date for the panchayat elections and discipline themselves accordingly.Alarmed by the infighting which shows not signs of abating, Mamata sent out a stern message to her party rank and file in a hurriedly-convened meeting at her Harish Chatterjee Street residence. The meeting, called exclusively for leaders of North 24-Parganas, was attended by 29 MLAs from the district.North 24-Parganas has eight ministers and five M Ps. Among those present at 9 am were ministers Amit Mitra, Jyotipriya Mullick, Purnendu Basu, Madan Mitra, Manjulkrishna Thakur, and MLAs Tapas Roy, Chiranjit, Subhranshu Roy (M P Mukul Roy's son). M Ps Mukul Roy and Dinesh Trivedi were also present.The chief minister broached the issue of an altercation between Basirhat MLA Abdullah and M P Haji Nurul seven days ago. The infighting among the two groups led by the two leaders has been going on for the last month or so. Mamata said she wouldn't tolerate such factionalism because it would weaken the organisation ahead of the panchayat elections. She asked everyone to unite and start exercising restraint to put up a tough fight against the CPM, Congress and the BJP in the May panchayat polls. The five-year term of the panchayats will be over in May 13.All this while, the chief minister had been aiming for an early panchayat elections (first she wanted it in December and then in January). But she was dissuaded by state election commissioner Meera Pande who has been insisting that panchayat elections couldn't be advanced because of the roll revision. The Opposition CPM and the Congress had also resisted an early election saying that it would deprive new voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438830", "title": "New ways to party this season", "text": "A green drink that gets you higher than the empire state, other-worldly lights and beer helmets \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the city's found new ways to party this season. And everyone's invited !Charge of the UV light brigade!This party season, put on your best clothes and shoes. And glow! Special ultraviolet lights are giving strobes, lasers and the humble disco balls a stiff competition and are illuminating the interiors of the night clubs in an other-worldly glow. Tantra, The Park, for instance, is taking it a step further and are handing out special glow-in-the-UV-lights goodies to guests on special nights. The innocuous looking UV sticks need to be bent and hit against a wall and voila, they begin to glow. Use them as earpieces, goggles or hairpins and make a new fashion statement. \"You should see the guests, especially the young crowd, go gaga over these little brick-brats,\" says Rajnish from The Park. Underground, The HHI, has joined the party too by introducing LED drinking glasses. \"Who doesn't want to take a sip from a glass that looks as if it's on fire?\" says Amit Hathiramani of the club. While he's planning for a neon-themed Christmas party , Shisha already hosted its own such do.Shaken and stirredAperitifs, martinis, cosmos and the malts, your days are numbered. The Absinthe is finally here! This highly-potent green drink is not for the faint-hearted and needs to be downed with sugar cubes and chilled water. \"It can be downed as shots too,\" says Dibyendu of Someplace Else. Bad news is, only the 50% proof variant is available in India for now. Suckers for cocktails needn't worry. It's raining flavours this party season with mixologists combining two liquors where each retains its natural taste. Smoky single malts are combined with gins. And while you expect to discover a totally different taste, lo and behold, you'll find both the smokyness of the malt as well as the pungent-y feel of the gin lingering on your tastebuds. Fruity mixes are undergoing a major makeover too. \"Fresh fruits muddled together are being used rather than individual fruit juices,\" says Dibyendu. Foamy cocktails created by passing hydrogen through it \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and that's molecular mixology for you! And it's all available at the bars!Ice, ice, baby!Those who regret not having been to the North Pole, take heart. The North Pole has come to Kolkata! The first ever ice lounge in the city, Minus 6, is all set to throw its doors open to the party peeps. The temperature can plunge as deep as 10 degrees below zero but who's complaining? \"It's a one-of-a-kind lounge where the walls, the bar, the tables and even the glass in which you will down your drink will be made of ice. The ice is being sourced from the frozen Torne River in Jukkasjarvi, Northern Sweden . The temperature inside the lounge is kept below freezing point throughout the year. One can enjoy their drinks and snacks sitting inside a virtual igloo even as the temperature outside remains unbearably hot,\" says Nikunj, of the bar. Guests will be provided with ski jackets, gloves and woollen boots so they are warm and comfortable. Anything missing? Maybe a warm hug from your partner!Hands free, anyone?How can you do the Gangnam style when you have one hand clutching your beer and the other nestled comfortably around your beloved's waist? Underground solves the problem by introducing quirky alcohol accessories like a beer belt that can hold a six-pack effortlessly while you show off those killer moves or a helmet that snugly fits in two cans of beer. \"The accessories will come for a price that you need to pay when you enter the club. You will then have to return them safely at the counter before you leave. We haven't chalked out the details but this system would soon be implemented,\" says Amit.Electric Piya!Remixes, bhangra, item songs and progressive house may be big but it's EDM or electronic dance music that's the big daddy at turntables right now. With internationally renowned DJs making pitstops in Kolkata, special club nights have become synonymous with this new craze in music. \"There has been a radical change in peoples' tastes. On special nights, EDM rules. No matter how much you hand it out to them, revellers just can't have enough of true blue electronica,\" says DJ Vishal of VSociety. Party mongers don't mind if clubs don't play Bolly. Plush, the nightspot at The Astor,for example, steers clear of Hindi masala stuff. The footfall hasn't wavered, though. \"We had die-hard EDM fans stepping in regularly, but the crowd is growing,\"says Sumitro of Plush. \"DJ Mash played recently and Andy Moor is coming soon,\" says Riteish of Shisha. Andy Moor has already played at Underground that's hosted spin kings and EDM masters such as Tritonal, Ashley Wallbridge, Mat Zo and so on. \"We are getting Tenishia this month,\" says Amit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17438879", "title": "PM, other ministers pay homage to IK Gujral", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday paid homage to former Prime Minister I K Gujral, remembering him as a \"great patriot\" and a \"great scholar statesman\".Gujral's body has been kept at his 5 Janpath residence here for the public to pay respects. Leaders cutting across party lines also visited his residence to pay their homage.92-year-old Gujral died at a private hospital in Gurgaon after a brief illness yesterday.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his wife arrived at his residence this morning and paid floral tributes.In his message, Singh said, \"In the sad demise of Gujral, our country has lost a freedom fighter, a great patriot and a great scholar statesman. I join the nation in expressing our grief and sorrow at the demise of great son of India.\"Union ministers A K Antony, Anand Sharma and Farooq Abdullah, Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal, BJP's Ananth Kumar and LJP's Ramvilas Paswan were among others who visited the residence.Gujral will be cremated in Smriti Sthal later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17436015", "title": "Road closed for sewer repairs causes chaos", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority and traffic police have closed one of the busiest arterial roads of the city following a collapsed sewer in the area. Traffic movement along the route has been diverted. Though work is expected to be completed by Monday, December 3, it has caused traffic chaos as drivers on Friday attempted to find another way around the closed road.Starting Friday, the road between Atta Chowk near the Sector 18 Metro station and the Atta Peer crossing near Max Hospital has been temporarily closed for all traffic movement. \"We had to undertake this emergency measure as the sewer pipes in the area are being fixed,\" said Hom Singh Yadav, chief maintenance engineer, Noida.\"We understand closing the road is causing inconvenience for a lot of people, but it is important to get this problem resolved. It is quite a complex repair, but we are working quickly so repairs can be completed as soon as possible,\" Yadav added. According to AK Saxena, Water and Sewer works Division-I of Noida, a pipeline in being set-up and connected under the Metro station located at Sector 18.A meeting was held on Thursday between the Noida Authority and senior traffic police officials to chalk out a diversion plan so that commuters are put to the least inconvenience during the period of repair. SP (traffic) MP Singh has asked motorists to find alternative routes. While Singh has deployed two cops at the site, nearly 10 additional district policemen will also help in keeping traffic movement in the area smooth.Despite all arrangements, Friday being a weekend and the affected road being parallel to one of Noida's busiest market complexes, the area was completely gridlocked with commuters stuck in traffic jams for long duration. \"We have also deployed tow cranes in the area so that vehicles parked in an unauthorized manner do not cause a traffic jam,\" Singh said. \"Commuters need to cooperate with us as this closure is only temporary,\" the police officer said.Traffic coming from Sector 37 towards Sector 16 Metro station and moving towards the IOC crossing via the Atta Peer crossroads is currently being diverted. \"Motorists can now take a detour by taking a left turn at the Great India Place Mall. From here they can take a U-turn under the Film City flyover and then turn left at the Center Stage Mall and reach Atta Peer,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436789", "title": "World AIDS Day: Despite decline in state, AIDS on the rise in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: As people around the globe observe World AIDS Day today, it is disheartening to find that while the prevalence of AIDS has reduced in Tamil Nadu, it has been on the rise in Coimbatore district over the last three years. Given this year's theme of 'Getting to zero: zero new HIV infections. Zero discrimination. Zero AIDS related deaths,' it is dispiriting to see the increasing number of AIDS patients in the district.As per the HIV sentinel surveillance report in 2007 the prevalence of AIDS in Coimbatore was registered at 0.25 percent. In the subsequent year, it increased to 0.33 percent and by 2011 it was 0.94 percent. Regions in the district where prevalence is highest include Pollachi, Karamadai, Periyanaickenpalayam and Thondamuthur. Although the district has improved its position in state prevalence rankings from second position in 2006 to ninth position this year, the number of cases has seen an upward trend since 2007.Last year, 8,342 cases were registered in Coimbatore district. This included 4531 males, 3403 females and 25 transgenders. Pertaining to children, there were 195 boys and 188 girls found to be positive. However, Dr B Mohamed Ali, district programme manager, AIDS Prevention and Control Unit said that these numbers are arbitrary as they refer to only registered cases. \"The number of unregistered cases could be another 10,000,\" he said.M Saktivel, district tuberculosis officer said that one reason why the numbers are higher in Coimbatore district is because of the migrant labour coming into the district. \"This is a high risk group which continues to be susceptible to AIDS virus despite the several initiatives and awareness programmes conducted,\" he said.Meanwhile, in Tamil Nadu, the prevalence in 2003-2004 was 0.50 per cent. It dropped to 0.41 per cent in 2007-2008 and it is presently 0.38 per cent. Regarding rankings, Tamil Nadu stood 7th in the country during 2003-2004, improved to 10th position in 2007-2008 and now stands at 14th position in the country.However, Dr Mohamed said that when compared to 2006 where prevalence of AIDS was 2.49 per cent in Coimbatore district, the percentage has come down. He attributed the improvement to the several awareness programmes conducted by the district and measures implemented to curb incidence of the disease. \"The concept of Information, Education and Communication, part of the AIDS programme is taken to factories and industries and other high risk groups. TB patients are regularly tested for AIDS. The distribution of free condoms also helps,\" he said.Talking about recent initiatives taken by the department, Mohamed said that prisoners affected by AIDS are given nutritional supplements. Foods rich in protein, iron and carbohydrates are included in their menu. \"Earlier, eggs, milk and chicken were provided to these prisoners twice a week. However, it proved insufficient and thus we have included nutritional supplements in their diet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435640", "title": "'Hyderabad Metro Rail to be slowest in India'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) that is coming up as a mass rapid transit system to ease the city's traffic congestion would be the slowest in the country thanks to the ill-design of the project, contended petitioners who moved the high court against Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL). They charged HMRL with changing the originally designed alignment illegally.Talking about the sharp curves of the alignment at eight locations in the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills checkpost, the Greenlands Ameerpet Madhuranagar Yousufguda Srikrishna Nagar Joint Action Committee (GAMYS-JAC), which is fighting the legal battle for the traders of the area, argued before the court on Thursday that the defective design would pose a serious threat to passenger safety. While railway safety rules prescribe a minimum 120 metre radius of curvature for alignment of a metro train, the curves designed at the marked locations, including Greenlands, Ameerpet crossroads and Sarathi Studios are less than 60 metres.\"In order to maintain an average speed, the alignment must have wide curves wherever the train bends. As per norms, the radius of curvature must be more than 120 metres. If it is less than that, the speed must be reduced to avoid the risk of the train getting derailed,\" said professor M N Srihari, advisor to Karnataka government on Bangalore Metro RailAs per standards, the average operational speed of a metro train is 80 km/hr, but with sharp curves, the average speed of a train has to be reduced to 25 km/hr, the domain experts said. However, the very idea of mass rapid transit system would be defeated with the slower movement, they said.\"Unlike Bangalore Metro, HMRL has still time to rectify the errors as construction work had just started. The radius of curvature can still be increased. If they don't do it, CRS may deny permission or insist on reducing the speed. Going by the calculations, the average operational speed of a Hyderabad Metro train cannot be more than 25 km/hr which means it would be the slowest in the country,\" said Srihari.But, it is not going to be easy for HMRL to rectify the loopholes because increasing the radius of curvature means acquisition of more land and demolition of more buildings. While L&T; authorities, concessionaire of HMR project, declined to comment, a spokesperson of HMRL refused to do so because the issue is in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17434523", "title": "Betalbatim locals want Mickky's arrest", "text": "MARGAO: Claiming that locals of Betalbatim and nearby villages were agitated and upset that Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco assaulted Benny Fernandes and then pressed charges against Fernandes, which they claim were false, locals along with family members of Fernandes have demanded that Pacheco be arrested in the case.While addressing mediapersons on Friday, Fernandes along with his mother and former Betalbatim panch Rosy Fernandes, former Betalbatim sarpanch Jose Inacio Cota, former Nuvem contestant Marcos D'Souza and Colva panch Calvert Gonsalves, all condemned Pacheco's behavior. Fernandes, 23, was on Thursday arrested by Colva police after he was discharged from Hospicio hospital, Margao, and released on bail later in the day.Pacheco, in his complaint, had said that he was proceeding towards Colva on Wednesday afternoon when, Fernandes, who was riding a motorcycle, overtook and blocked his way at Seraulim. Pacheco claimed that he fractured one of his fingers after Fernandes allegedly hit him.\"Mickky's allegation that he was attacked by Benny is false, and is merely a defense to explain his own misconduct and win sympathy of the public which is a shameful act of a legislator,\" said D'Souza.\"Benny was returning home on Wednesday on his scooter when he was suddenly overtaken by one Mercedes car which then blocked Benny. Mickky came out of the car and without any reason gave a hard blow on his face resulting in swelling, giddiness and subsequent hospitalization,\" added D'Souza.While Fernandes family has demanded that they be shown the x-ray of Pacheco's alleged fracture of his finger, they pointed out that it could have been a self-inflicted injury as Pacheco went home from that spot and then came to the police station.\"Or it could be self-inflicted with the twin motive of giving an excuse so that he can go to the hospital instead of going to jail if his conviction is upheld on December 5 in the junior engineer assault case,\" said D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434610", "title": "Raj Thackeray files plaint over fake account in son\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s name", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray has lodged a police complaint over a fake Facebook account in his son Amit's name. A party worker drew his attention to the objectionable content that had been posted on the fake account against Dr BR Ambedkar, a source close to the MNS chief's family said on Friday.Raj then called up joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy and lodged a complaint. The source added that Roy, in turn, forwarded the complaint to the cyber crime cell.Raj's daughter Urvashi, too, faced a similar problem recently. A private photograph showing Uddhav Thackeray nursing his father at Matoshree during the latter's last days was posted in a fake account in Urvashi's name. The matter was brought to Raj's notice, it was learnt.\"It is extremely shocking to see that hate communities and fake accounts are so commonly used to vent ire on political personalities. Young netizens have to suffer for no fault of theirs. The police should take prompt action against such offenders,\" a senior MNS functionary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436643", "title": "Law soon against dry toilets' use: Ramesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Union minister for Panchayat and Rural Development Jairam Ramesh on Friday said the Centre would soon formulate a law to prosecute users of dry toilets. They could be even sent to jail.Jairam Ramesh was here in the Madhya Pradesh capital to address a rally organised for the eradication of manual scavenging. A large gathering of women from across the country who have left manual scavenging as a source of livelihood with the assistance of self-help groups began a march from Bhopal to New Delhi on Friday afternoon. The march, Maila Mukti Yatra under the Rashtriya Garima Abhiyan (National Campaign for Dignity and Eradication of Manual Scavenging) will cover 200 districts through 18 states and reach New Delhi on January 31.\"According to the 2011 census, there are still 26 lakh dry toilets in the country. Forty% of these are in the rural areas while 60% in urban India. Every state government and the Centre keep appearing before the Supreme Court to claim total eradication of manual scavenging. But the truth is there are still two to three lakh families in the country, who continue to work as manual scavengers. It is unlawful and we are concerned,'' the minister said.He said women self-help groups that work towards eradication of manual scavenging of dry toilets would be given priority under the National Rural Livelihood Mission. Such self-help groups will be provided bank loans and necessary training. He said it will take another decade for the country to be rid of the practice of open-area defecation. Some states have successfully overcome the problem.Ramesh said Sikkim was the first state of the country where practice of open-area defecation was eradicated followed by Kerala, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. He informed that Rs 1,500 crore would be utilised to convert dry toilets into flush lavatories under Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan. Ramesh said India has made unprecedented progress in all sectors, but it is unfortunate that 60% women still defecate in the open.Addressing the gathering before the start of the march, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the state government is committed to eradicate the practice of manual scavenging. A family who under some compulsion undertakes this practice will receive optimum financial assistance from the government to start another profession. He said Madhya Pradesh will extend best-possible contribution in the implementation of \"Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan\". Chouhan said all political parties should work unitedly on eradication of social evils like practice of carrying night soil. Chouhan said the practice of using dry latrines would be abolished. Once the law is enacted in this regard, it will be strictly implemented in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435584", "title": "CM tables SC/ST sub-plan in Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday introduced a bill to enact legislation giving statutory status to the SC/ST sub-plan in the Assembly that has been convened for a three-day special session on the issue.As the House assembled, the CM tabled the AP Scheduled Castes and Tribes sub-plan (planning allocation and utilisation of financial resources) Bill 2012.Speaking on the occasion, the CM said while funds earmarked for the welfare of SC and ST were being diverted for other purposes including infrastructural development, the legislation would ensure its proper utilisation. \"The act of legislation would be helpful in ensuring the right to equality for SC and ST community apart from being effective in ensuring social security and a comprehensive development of the people of the community,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435799", "title": "Gujjars, four other communities most backward among OBC", "text": "JAIPUR: The state's Other Backward Classes (OBC) Commission's report has categorically claimed that the Gujjars along with four other communities are the most socially and economically backward of the 81 communities classified as OBC and hence, eligible for a separate quota under the Special Backward Class.Quoting the Indra Sawhney versus Union of India case, the commission in its report has said that the five communities - Gujjars, Gadaria/Gadri, Banjaras, Garia-Lohars and Rebaris - as a special case should be provided with separate quota. The communities on social, economical and education grounds are far backward from the other OBC communities; live a nomadic life in the most rural areas and on the basis of their customs, life-style, superstitious beliefs are not yet part of the main stream. Considering these as special circumstances, the communities are eligible for a special quota, which can exceed the defined limited of 50%.The report is primarily based on the quantifiable data presented by state government, following a directive from the Rajasthan High Court. The social justice and empowerment department had carried out a survey of a total 91148 households - 74211 in rural areas and 16937 in urban areas. It quotes from reports of the Kaka Kalelkar Commission, Lokur Committee and Justice Chopra Committee to back its recommendation.The Commission draws the attention that the sample size for 25 OBC communities for the survey conducted by the state's Social Justice and Empowerment was less than 100 households and hence the Backwardness Index (BI) was not found to be accurate and could not be assessed. The commission has recommended a resurvey and the a reassessment of the BI of these 25 communities, on the basis of which there was a possibility of all or some of these communities be recommended to be included in the SBC.Considering the 1931 population census figures, the last caste based census - mentioned in the report, 19 of these 25 communities constituted less than 1% of the total population while there was no mention of the others. On the other hand, the five communities which have been included in the SBC constituted 6.88%. The Jats topped the list with a population of 9.097%.The report, which sparked off a political debate and caste controversy in the state, was made public by the state government on Friday. This brought to end the several speculations over it and the contradictory statements made by the Commission members. The commission's report, which was submitted to the state government last week does not recommend sub-division or bifurcation of the OBC quota not does it specifically mention that the quota in the state should not exceed 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434360", "title": "Vengeful Pawar rubs it into Mulak", "text": "NAGPUR: The district has paid a huge price for minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak's effort to outsmart his boss Ajit Pawar, the then deputy chief minister (DCM), last year. Nagpur is the only district in the state whose district planning council (DPC) funds have not been increased for this financial year.On the other hand, funds for Solapur have been increased by Rs 42 crore. Nashik and Ahmednagar districts will get Rs 40 crore more this year, Jalgaon - Rs 31 crore, Pune - Rs 24 crore. Pawar, who held the finance portfolio, had hiked the Nagpur's DPC funds by Rs 42.85 crore and taken the credit for it. However, he publicly said that the final decision had been delayed because Congress ministers were absent in a crucial meeting. EGS minister Nitin Raut and social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe countered him saying the cause for delay was their insistence on higher allocation for district.However, his deputy Mulak claimed that the unprecedented hike in funds for Nagpur DPC was granted as a compromise when he vetoed a hike of Rs 55.39 crore for Ajit Pawar's district Pune. This infuriated the Western Maharashtra strongman. Pawar decided to teach Mulak a lesson and refused to increase Nagpur's allocation point blank. Instead of taking on Pawar, the local ministers are trying to push this injustice under the carpet.The injustice would not have come to light had Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal ( Shiv Sena ) not exposed it. In tthe assembly when he pointed out that the funds for all the districts had been increased except Nagpur, Mulak gave a vague answer. During the DPC meeting on Friday, Moghe too tried to skirt the issue but was forced to discuss it when Jaiswal insisted.Jaiswal later told the media, \"when I learnt about the finance ministry's proposal I raised the issue in the assembly. Mulak gave me vague reply. In the DPC meeting on Friday, Moghe tried to discourage me from taking up the issue saying that Nagpur had not got a hike because its share had been hiked significantly last year. If this is the principle then doesn't it apply to other districts too,\" he asked.When contacted, Mulak denied that any injustice had been done to Nagpur. \"The district used to get far less than it should. It was due to my efforts that DPC funds were increased last year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434668", "title": "New school winter timings from Monday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Teachers in Haryana are up in arms against the state education department for changing the school timings and extending their working hours.Various teachers' associations representing around 1 lakh teachers in Haryana have decided to oppose the new school timings for winter -- from 9am to 3:30pm -- in all the 15,000 government schools of the state till February.The new timings will come into effect from Monday and replace the existing schedule of 8am to 2:30pm. All teachers are also required to reach school 15 minutes before classes get underway.The associations want six-hour schedule for schools, claiming that it would be difficult for students to go to home so late in winters. Their leaders are also arguing that \"six-hour study is enough for students, keeping in view their mental capacity\".\"We have raised this issue keeping in view the scientific and practical aspects. In all other states, government schools remain open for six hours only,\" said Wazir Singh, president of Haryana Vidyalaya Adhyapak Sangh, and added that they have raised this issue even before the state education minister.Teachers' bodies have now decided to go on hunger strike from January 27 if their demand is not accepted.A female teacher said a majority of teachers are deployed in rural areas and many have to travel up to 40 kms from their homes for reach school. \"Reaching home late would not only affect our family life but also work productivity,\" she said.Meanwhile, unfazed by the opposition of teachers, state education minister Geeta Bhukkal on Friday announced to introduce the new school timings from Monday. \"The government has taken the decision after listening and examining the views of teachers' leaders,\" she said.There has been confrontation between the teachers and government ever since new school session began from April 1, 2012. Teachers' bodies had staged demonstrations at all district headquarters on April 1, 2012 and May 1, 2012 to protest against the government's proposal to increase school timings from six hours daily to eight hours. Taking a small step back, the state government had agreed to enhance 30 minutes from the existing six hours in school timings, with a rider that teachers come 15 minutes before students to complete their attendance or other formalities.Haryana has a literacy rate of 76.64% in comparison to 76.68% of Punjab and 83.78 % of Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435662", "title": "Mother, son put the 'positive' in HIV+", "text": "KOLKATA: AIDS shatters lives, breaks families. But while most AIDS patients see death staring at them, this gutsy 40-year-old woman and her 15-year-old son have refused to let the demon run havoc in their life.Aruna Sarkar's husband Sujoy committed suicide in 1999, unable to come to terms with the fact that he was HIV positive. By then he had already passed on the virus to Aruna and the couple's only son Debaditya. On World AIDS day the mother-son duo prays that no one in this world gets infected for no fault of theirs.Everything looked rosy for Aruna and Sujoy when they tied the knot in 1996. A few months later Sujoy left for Mumbai to work as radio officer with an oil major. He would come back to stay with his family in their Salt Lake house during leaves. It was during such trips home that his family noticed him falling ill often. Though Sujoy had got his HIV status detected in Mumbai, he did not dare share it with any of his family members, not even his wife.\"My husband probably could not accept that fact that he had the virus. In addition the guilt that he might have infected me and my son probably led him to commit suicide in July 1999. My son was a little less than two years then,\" Aruna recounted.There was worse to come. Sujoy's parents blamed Aruna for his HIV status and consequent suicide. She and the toddler were thrown out of the house. With advice from doctors, the mother-son got themselves checked and found that they were both infected. Since then they have been living with Aruna's parents in Baguiati.\"My world came crumbling down for the second time when we both tested positive for HIV. My son became really ill in 2004. But Dr Subhashis Bhattacharya, who works at the apex clinic in Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, came as a godsend. He not only helped us with the treatment but supported us mentally through counseling. He made us believe that AIDS is not the end of the world,\" Aruna told TOI.Aruna's elder brother and parents stood rock solid behind her. Aruna, who is a science graduate, gives private tuition to fund his son's education. Debaditya is preparing for his Class X board examination. \"I am very positive about life. Come what may, I do not let HIV affect my life. But I do not want my friends to come to know about it as the infection is still a taboo for many. I only wish no one gets the infection for none of their fault,\" Debaditya said.\"The amount of grit and courage Aruna has is incredible. In spite of being HIV-positive, she is not only bringing up her HIV-positive son single-handedly, but is also ensuring good education for him,\" said Dr Bhattacharya, a paediatric HIV specialist with NACO.Aruna and Debaditya are getting their anti-retroviral therapy free of cost, but she is concerned for her son's future. Often she has to seek financial help from NGOs for his education. \"The expenses of my son's education will only grow as he graduates into higher class. My earning through private tuitions is too meagre and irregular at times. I want a job but I do not know who would offer me one. Also will any organisation give me a job if they know my HIV status?\" wondered Aruna.While teaching the chapter on HIV in biology Aruna does not forget to tell her students never to indulge in unprotected sex. \"I make it a point to stress upon the fact that none should have unprotected sex as it is a major source for HIV transmission. I do not want anyone to undergo the hardship I am going through. I can fight but not everyone might have the strength to do so,\" she added.(Names of the HIV-positive persons changed in order to protect their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk", "code": "17438342", "title": "Stefanova strikes back in World women's chess", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK: Former world champion Antoaneta Stefanova of Bulgaria struck back and levelled the score against Anna Ushenina of Ukraine in the fourth game of the World women's chess championship.The comeback victory by the Bulgarian not only ensured that she would remain in the match but would also force a tiebreaker of games of shorter duration in which Stefanova starts as a favourite once again.Sharing a victory each, the two contestants ended the regular four-game match with a 2-2 score.Sitting pretty with a full point lead and needing just a draw to be crowned the world women's champion, Ushenina simply could not withstand the pressure and crumbled in the crunch game in no time from a healthy position out of the opening.Showing steely nerves, Stefanova is now back on even keel in the play-off games in which firstly two rapid games will be played with 25 minutes to both playersWith a ten seconds increment after every move is played and if still tied two ten-minute games will be played with an additional increment of 10 seconds after every move.The players will play two five-minutes games should the deadlock persist and then an Armageddon game will be played with five minutes for white and four for black and white must win.While many had written 2004 champion Stefanova off after the debacle in the third game of the match, the Bulgarian proved herself to be a great force showing some deep positional sense.For the records, Ushenina went for the Slav defence and apparently had a tenable position when she went wrong with her planning on move 19. Stefanova pounced on her chance in no time and was well on top after her next move itself.As it happened, one mistake followed the other and just two moves later the Ukrainian was staring at a dead-lost position. The formalities were completed by Stefanova in quick time.Like the World championship match earlier this year between V Aannd and Boris Gelfand of Israel , the Women's championship is also being decided under tiebreak games. It may be recalled that Anand and Gelfand had finished with a 6-6 score before the Indian ace won the rapid tiebreaker to retain the championship.The stakes are high as apart from the winners cheque of $60000, the winner also gets to play a match with Yifan Hou of China in the next World championship match in 2013. The pundits favour Stefanova again preferring experience over youth.Going by the performance here, Stefanova has not played any tiebreaker yet in the championship this year while Ushenina has been involved in two rapid tiebreakers before reaching the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435259", "title": "Frame SRA resale rules: High court to Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has directed the state government to frame procedure for resale of slum rehabilitation flats which were given to slumdwellers. The court was hearing a petition filed by city resident Jubeda Ansari who claimed that the slum rehabilitation authority had not decided on her application to sell her apartment.\"We would expect the government to devote its urgent attention to this aspect (to frame modalities),\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed, while asking the SRA to decide on Ansari's application within two months. \"We leave it open to the SRA to determine the modalities, if necessary, after consultation with the state government in order to ensure that occupants are not required to file petitions before this court for permission to transfer (their flats) after the completion of ten years merely on the ground of inaction of the authorities concerned.\"According to rules, a slumdweller who is allotted a flat under the SRA scheme cannot resell the flat for 10 years. After 10 years, the allottee can sell the flat with the permission of the SRA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "17436292", "title": "CM moots creation of new taluks in Davanagere", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Chief minister Jagadish Shetter said he planned to create new taluks at Uchangidurga village, 50km away from Davanagere, on Friday afternoon.After inaugurating some public projects and laying the foundation stone for drinking water schemes, the chief minister told reporters that a sub-committee would be formed to prepare a detailed report based om which a final decision will be taken. \"Forming a new taluk costs about Rs 30 crore for providing infrastructural facilities, appointment of tahsildars and other staff,\" Shettar said.MLA SV Ramachandra, legislative council chief whip Dr A H Shivayogi Swamy, district BJP chief T Gurusiddana Gowda, r panchayat president Srinivas were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17434663", "title": "Snow in Manali thrills ski lovers, tourism industry", "text": "MANALI: Hundreds of ski lovers are heading toward Manali to enjoy first snow of the season. Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (ABVIMAS), Manali, has announced skiing courses from January 11. Though ski slopes of Solang valley are covered with very thin layer of snow which is inadequate for professional skiing, skiers are heading toward Fatru and Gulaba to discover new slopes for the sport.Ski instructor Sandeep Kumar said: \"More snow means great fun and fine money for the tourism industry. Snowfall has ensured sporting events till June. More than 50% tourists in Manali try skiing. Our livelihood depends on snow.\"According to ABVIMAS director Randir Singh Salhuria, people from several states have registered for skiing courses. \"We hope for a good snowfall in January when short and long-term ski courses would start under various categories in Solang,\" he said. Special ski courses would be conducted between January 11 and 27, February 11 and 27, March 14 and 29. Six 14-day basic courses and two intermediate skiing courses would also be organized.Apart from the fixed courses, the institute organizes special ski course on request if a group of 20 or more skiers ask for it. Jawans of the Indian Air Force, Indian Navy, NSS and other national institutions also learn skiing techniques from the institute between January and April.Ski instructor Harish Thakur said, \"Temperature is favourable for skiing and we have received a good number of inquiries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436873", "title": "Will fight Maoists with people's cooperation: new DGP", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh Director General of Police Ramniwas said on Friday that the state police was keen to contain Naxalism with the cooperation of the people and conduct policing with sensitivity and professionalism, ensuring protection of human rights.Addressing his maiden press conference here after taking over as the state's new DGP, the 1982 batch IPS officer, however, parried questions on how would police support any peoples' movement like the 'Salwa Judum' to fight Naxalites by saying that the strategy to deal with rebels would always change with time and place. \"I would not like to offer any comments on the strategies to be adopted to deal with the Maoists,\" he added.Ramniwas, who was heading the state's anti-naxalite operations as special Director General before taking over as the DGP, said that efforts would be made to equip the police with modern communication systems and other resources for better policing to protect life, property and dignity of people. He said protection of human rights, within the framework of law, was also top on his priority list along with welfare of police personnel.Replying to a question about the health issues, including malaria, among security personnel posted in the hypersensitive Naxalite areas in the forests of Bastar region, Ramniwas said the state government has been making all possible efforts to provide adequate health care to those working in the difficult terrain.\"In a short span of 12 years, after formation of Chhattisgarh, the state police have made all round progress and have modern facilities matching with any other state,\" he said adding that the state have modern forensic laboratory, finger-print identification and facilities to deal with cyber-crimes.Asked about other challenges before the state police, the top cop said that an increasing crime graph in the upcoming industrial belts was a matter of concern but steps are being taken to tackle the situation.\"While taking over as the new DGP, I remember all those colleagues in the police force who had laid down their lives in line of their duties,\" he said and assured their families that he would personally supervise early disposal of their pending issues. A post graduate in Botany and also a law graduate, Ramniwas received the police medal for gallantry for outstanding work during his posting in Gwalior where he was part of anti-dacoit drive. He headed the anti-naxalite operations in the state, stressing inter-state coordination between the security forces in the naxalite affected states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436839", "title": "Temperature dips to 12.1\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city dipped below the normal mark on Friday, after remaining above normal for a week. At 12.1 degrees celsius, the temperature was one degree below normal.\"Minimum temperatures have dropped in the last two days owing to the reduced influence of the easterly waves coming from the Bay of Bengal ,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD).Khole said, \"There has been a western disturbance activity in the north Indian states, where fairly good precipitation has been reported from states like Jammu and Kashmir , Himachal Pradesh , Punjab, up to west Uttar Pradesh. This has reduced the influence of northerly waves.\"She added, \"The fall in temperature is a temporary phenomenon; we are expecting a rise in the night temperature in the next few days due to a further strengthening of the easterly waves and the resultant moisture incursion into the southern peninsula and up to northern peninsular India, which includes Maharashtra.\"A strong easterly wave usually blocks northerly winds, associated with cold conditions, from flowing into the region. \"Moisture incursion due to the easterlies results in cloudiness, enhanced humidity and rise in temperatures,\" she added.Night temperatures were two to three degrees below the normal mark in parts of north Maharashtra, including Nashik, Jalgaon and Malegaon, which recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature at 9.5 degrees celsius on Friday.Cold and chilly weather conditions prevailed in the city early on Friday morning.Minimum temperature had started crossing the normal mark from November 23 and was 16.9 degrees celsius - 4.2 degrees above normal - on November 27. The following day, it was three degrees above normal at 15.7 degrees celsius.The temperature started declining from November 29, when minimum temperature was recorded at 13.4 degrees celsius, and further fell to 12.1 degrees celsius on Friday.The city recorded the season's lowest temperature so far at 7.9 degrees celsius, which was six degrees below the normal mark, on November 19. A severe cold wave condition had prevailed for two days before the temperatures started rising from November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436713", "title": "Pyari demands CM's ouster over mass phone tapping", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha Jana Morcha leader and Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Friday took on chief minister Naveen Patnaik on the mass telephone tapping issue and demanded his resignation.\"It is surprising that more than 4600 personal telephones in the state were put under police surveillance. By any stretch of imagination, all these persons cannot be related to security matters like Maoist problem and similar such issues. The chief minister being in charge of the home department owes an answer to the public on the matter. This is nothing but intrusion into individual privacy and highly unconstitutional. The chief minister holding a constitutional position has failed in his responsibility and should quit forthwith,\" Mohapatra told media persons here.He demanded that the government must disclose the names of persons whose phones had been ordered to be tapped. \"I have strong suspicion that most of these telephones under surveillance are Morcha supporters and my well-wishers. Talks of telephone tapping had been high in the air after BJD MLAs, MPs and other party workers were asked to keep away from me sometime in March, which intensified after the May 29 meeting of legislators in my house,\" he pointed out.Mohapatra's reaction came in the wake of recent disclosure by the home department to an RTI applicant that from 29th December 2008 to 15th September 2012 as many as 4620 telephones had been tapped.Parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das defended the government action. \"Telephone tracking was done to keep a tab on people suspected to be linked to criminals and Maoist activists,\" the minister said. Mohapatra in his reaction reminded the parliamentary affairs minister that he could be amongst those under surveillance. \"Minister Kalpataru Das should not forget his phones may have also been in the tracking list,\" the Morcha leader said.Mohapatra, who was recently expelled from the BJD, condemned Thursday's police action on the block grant school teachers and said he had earlier negotiated a formula for providing 6th pay commission monetary benefits to the teachers in three phases. \"My formula was discussed at the official level and the department had agreed to implement it. But suddenly everything went haywire. What is now happening to the teachers is nothing but sheer harassment and discriminatory. The government is prejudiced and biased,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17435748", "title": "Cracks appear in Singur bastion", "text": "SINGUR: Only a couple of years ago, Singur had propelled Trinamool Congress to the corridors of power in the state. But now, the party has to make a fresh beginning to keep its support base intact in the forthcoming panchayat polls. Rabindranath Bhattacharya distancing himself from the party hasn't helped the Trinamool Congress much. As party leaders, top functionaries and state government employees made a beeline to the BDO office on Friday afternoon, villagers in Singur remained apprehensive about their future just as they were two years back, when Tata Motors was acquiring land for its Nano factory.Samapti Ghosh, who had on Thursday told ToI that she intended to meet the chief minister to ask why they were being forced to queue up for rice now while they used to employ people to bring the rice produced in their 7.5 bigha land only a couple of years back, appeared dejected on Friday. She wasn't allowed to meet the chief minister. This Gopalnagar Ghoshpara resident was skeptical about Mamata's announcements after her meeting. \"What she said was for the entire state, what about us? Where do we go from here? How long will we have to beg for money and rice? I thought she would address our needs,\" she said.When such questions flocked the minds of listless Singur residents, an unusually busy Becharam Manna assured: \"There are no protests here. People will line up across the streets to welcome the party chief. She has honoured us by organizing the meeting here. Whatever teething problems were there on the monthly stipend and rice allocation were resolved last night.\"But Samapti and once-bigger land owners like her who'd believed in the anti-land stir were not the only ones in Singur. The core of Trinamool's support base till today appeared intact. These are mostly the smaller land owners, daily wage labourers and the unregistered sharecroppers. Basudeb Das, a small land owner in Beraberi Purbapara is a case in point. An ardent Trinamool flagbearer, he argued, \"Mamata Banerjee's intentions are very clear. We should give her time. Legal cases take time. Which government can act against court orders? What would we have got by selling the land? A pittance. Now at least, we are getting a monthly stripend and rice.\"Basudeb and Samapti are both ardent Trinamool supporters. Their only difference is the size of their land. Basudeb's land is only half of what Samapti had. And therefore, their takes on Mamata's visit were worlds apart.It is in this fractured opinions is where Rabindranath Bhattacharya's sudden announcement of political retirement is likely to hit the Trinamool hard. The octogenarian leader is acceptable to both ends of once Trinamool's formidable support base here. Samapti and Basudeb, equivocally said that they were saddened by mastermoshai's sudden decision to retire. \"He is very respected here. And why will the party break in this manner. Are there any clash of interests that a person as clean like mastermoshai is forced to quit?\" was there common refrain.Though Bhattacharya insisted his association with the farmers was not over even though he chooses not to be in politics, for all here it appears easier said then done.And in spite of the Trinamool local unit's insistence of disciplinary action against Bhattacharya, the state leaders would rather want to adopt a wait-and-watch policy. \"The statements made by Bhattacharya today are a marked contrast to what he has been saying earlier. He didn't say anything against the party instead did exactly the reverse reaffirming his faith in the party leader and the party leader. It is not the right time to take harsh decisions,\" a senior minister opined.It is a tight-rope walk in Singur now and it isn't lost on Trinamool Congress either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435681", "title": "Life sentence for three of family for dowry death", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The family court of Visakhapatnam district on Friday pronounced a life sentence against three accused belonging to the same family in a dowry death case.District special judge N Raja Prasad Baba convicted G Narsimha Rao, his brother G Someswara Rao and their mother Paidamma of Gopalapatnam to life imprisonment and Rs 1200 fine each after finding them guilty of the murder of Sarva Lakshmi, the dowry victim and Narsimha Rao's wife. He ordered a one-month simple imprisonment in addition to the sentence if they failed to pay the fine.According to the prosecution, the woman committed suicide by hanging herself to a ceiling fan following a quarrel between her in-laws and her parents on March 10, 2009, over the trouble created by her in-laws during her brother's marriage on March 9, 2009. Frustrated with the behaviour of her mother-in-law, brother-in-law and her husband, Lakshmi took the drastic step.Narsimha Rao, resident of Gopalapatnam, got married to Sarva Lakshmi of Anakapalli in 2006. The couple had a son the following year. At the time of their wedding, her parents had given a dowry of Rs 1.10 lakh. In addition to this, her parents had agreed to give land and had written two promissory notes for another Rs 40,000 of dowry to Narasimha Rao.Lakshmi's parents had promised to pay the money before June 2009 but after they failed to meet the dowry demand, her in-laws started harassing her. The victim's father had lodged an FIR against the three persons for the murder of his daughter for dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434700", "title": "Anandnagar murder: Police hit a dead end", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The two teams that went to Bareilly and Ranchi in connection with the investigation of a 50-year old woman's murder have not fetched any concrete results so far. The officials hit a dead end on Friday when they got to know that the addresses of two missing persons who are considered to be suspects in the case, were fake.Madhu Agarwal, 50, a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal Crossroads, was found dead by her son on November 26 at their residence at 4.30 pm. She was stabbed multiple times. She had 42 stab injuries on her back, neck, chest and stomach.As Manali, a domestic help with the family for more than a year, was missing from the residence, police named her as the suspect in the case.Investigators said the team that went to Bareilly found out that the only connection with the town in Uttar Pradesh was a family known to Agarwals. \"The Agarwals had told them to send a domestic help for their Ahmedabad house, so they had approached the agency in Ranchi. Through the agency, Manali had started working with the household in 2011. The other team investigated the agency in Ranchi as the second suspect in the case, Rohit, who worked as a cook with the family in 2012, also came through it,\" said a police official.However, the officials found that the agency is bogus and not registered with the local Ranchi administration. The trio that runs it, sources cheap workers from nearby villages and sends them to affluent states for work and takes the commission.\"The addresses that we got for Manali and Rohit from the agency were fake. The teams however have been asked to visit the nearby villages from where the agency used to hire people. We have sought help from the local police to visit the interiors of the state,\" said a police official.Investigators said that finding Manali is crucial for the case as she is considered to be the prime suspect. Her belongings are still at the Agarwals' outhouse and she has disappeared since the day of the murder. Police believes there is an involvement of at least two people in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434261", "title": "Nagpur University Council refuses affiliation to YCCE's MTech course", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University has finally acted on TOI's repeated expose of alleged illegalities committed by its engineering faculty. Academic Council (AC) on Thursday refused to grant affiliation to MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) course of Yashwantrao Chavan College of Engineering (YCCE), NU sources informed.The same body had clandestinely cleared the syllabus and scheme of examination during its November 7 emergent meeting when the issue was not even in the agenda. TOI reported the next day how NU administration buckled under the pressure of private colleges and cleared the course. The newspaper also reported as to how these private colleges had illegally admitted students even before getting an affiliation. None of the 68 members present in that meet or the officials questioned the clandestine inclusion in the agenda and no one opposed the move.It was only after illegalities came to fore that everyone got wiser. Now the same council has refused affiliation to the course. Expectedly, engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar opposed the council decision. The same dean had earlier declared private colleges would complete the 90-day syllabus in just 30 days in the November 7 meet based on which NU had allowed illegally admitted students in ME/MTech courses to appear in the exam in violation of norms, sources claimed. He was supported by principal of Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering Kirtivardhan Dixit.However, this time VC Vilas Sapkal and his team opposed them stating that granting affiliation at such a late stage didn't fit into norms. Chaudhary asked Kshirsagar how YCCE had granted admission to students when even the syllabus of course and scheme of exam were not prepared. \"Even the direction of that course was not released, how can that be allowed to operate. They will be allowed to run the course from next year as per rules,\" Chaudhary told TOI later.In Thursday's meeting, Dixit had objected to how other colleges, including Tulsiramji Gaikwad Patil, were granted late affiliation to operate their ME/MTech courses by VC himself under the special powers. Chaudhary replied that if the course was already in NU then affiliation could be granted. Dixit then asked how they would complete the 90-day course in 23 days, to which Chaudhary and others failed to provide satisfactory answer, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17434395", "title": "Margao municipal council to implement biometric attendance system from today", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council (MMC) will implement its biometric attendance recording system for employees from Saturday. The new system is expected to curb frequent absenteeism among staff, thereby increasing the efficiency of the civic body.Two machines will be installed, one on the ground floor and another on the first floor, of the municipality building, to avoid long queues by employees for recording their attendance, chief officer of the MMC, Srinet Kothwale, said.The MMC has also formulated an attendance policy to ensure punctuality and discipline among the staff members.\"Punctuality in attendance and unfailing observance of work discipline in all spheres are watchwords of an organization for its success. As a local Authority, the MMC can ill-afford to sacrifice discipline among its staff. It has therefore been decided by the council that highest priority will be accorded to toning up discipline which alone can increase productivity and meet public requirement,\" the circular issued by the chief officer to all section heads of the MMC, reads.The new electronic attendance system having advanced features has been purchased at a cost of 24,500. The old biometric attendance machine, which was purchased by the MMC for 1.4 lakhs, years, ago and which was lying unused so far, has been rendered out of order, thereby necessitating the MMC to go in for the new machine.The old biometric attendance recording system was purchased by the MMC in 2008, when the South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, was chief officer of the civic body, and had aimed at reducing absenteeism among staff. However, stiff resistance from the civic employees union compelled the MMC bosses to relegate the plans to the backburner. However, this time, the MMC is determined to thwart all opposition.Further, as per the new attendance policy of the MMC, every section in-charge is required to maintain a \"movement registry\" to record the movement of staff outside the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435508", "title": "Cuffe Parade serial killer in net, claim cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Have the police got leads in the Cuffe Parade serial kidnap-murder cases?The police on Friday got custody of Tarun Malik (29) who was arrested in Colaba for allegedly kidnapping a four-year-old girl last week.Malik was arrested after a security guard Mohammed Ansari raised an alarm as the saw the accused flee with a child.During interrogation, Malik told the police that he had kidnapped a four-year-old girl from Indira Nagar in Colaba. \"We have taken Malik's DNA samples and are waiting for the results,\" said Krishna Prasad, additional commissioner of police (south region). \"The Cuffe Parade police have taken his custody to interrogate him in connection with the murder of 3-year-old Jagruti Patel,\" he added.In November 2011, Patel was kidnapped and murdered in Cuffe Parade. In January, another minor girl Karishma Chavan was kidnapped and murdered by an unknown person. \"Malik said he had kidnapped the child to make her beg, but we don't believe him. The accused may be the serial killer,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435941", "title": "Ticket examiner shot at in moving train, critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 52-year-old travel ticket examiner (TTE) was shot at by unidentified miscreants while he was travelling on the Sikkim Mahananda Express around 4pm on Friday.Police said the incident occurred while the train was leaving the Ghaziabad station on its way to Old Delhi.The victim has been identified as Kaifayat Ali, a resident of Batla House in southeast Delhi. His condition is stated to be critical and he is being operated upon at the GTB Hospital.According to Northern railway officers, Ali was deployed on the Mahahananda Express as part of the railway's open programme ticket checking scheme whereby the short distance passengers are asked to show their tickets. \"The train had left the station. He was standing near the gates of a coach. Suddenly, he received a bullet injury in his stomach and slumped on the train. He was rushed to a hospital,'' said the railway spokesperson.Delhi Police said that a zero FIR was registered at the Old Delhi railway station and attempt to murder case has been slapped. The case was transferred to the Ghaziabad GRP late at night. The cops have not ruled out the possibility of a disgruntled passenger having a fight with the TTE and one of his accomplices firing at him. Northern Railway, however, dismissed such claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434667", "title": "Kabaddi cry to resound across Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Eighteen countries, 322 players, over Rs 6-crore prize money. Bhangra beats to liven up the atmosphere and Bollywood star Akshay Kumar to open the show. It's the IPL of kabaddi, as the curtains go up on season-3 of this rural sport in Bathinda on Saturday.And, the Third World Cup Kabaddi, to be held across Punjab, will bring in positive notes - from ensuring \"aman ki asha\" to spreading a strong message of a drug-free society and catapulting the region's indigenous sport to the world arena.While chief minister of Pakistan Punjab Shahbaz Sharif will come down for the final in Ludhiana on December 15, a team from the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) will keep tabs on the players.With pat from Indian Olympic Association (IOA) for promoting the traditional game, the Punjab government is upbeat about the event and wants to make it a exciting spectacle.The 15-day action will see gladiator-like electric moves and feisty slaps on thighs. Impromptu bhangra gigs will add zing to the extraordinary tales of daredevilry.And, as rustic sons-of-the-soil will dodge and raid on the field, nearly 30,000 spectators inside the stadia spread across Ludhiana, Bathinda, Moga and other districts will erupt in cheers.The event will be inaugurated with performances by Akshay Kumar, hailed by Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal as \"one of the fittest Punjabis\".\"People are using cricket to bridge the gap between India and Pakistan. Why not use the age-old sport - kabaddi - common to the traditions of the two countries?\" said Sukhbir, who is also the chairman of the world cup organizing committee.It was during a recent goodwill trip to Pakistan that he discussed the idea with Sharif. \"Kabaddi as a sport can forge new ties between the two Punjabs and the two countries at large,\" said the deputy CM.Kabaddi is getting global recognition gradually. Last week, the Punjab government was lauded by IOA for \"taking the rural sport to new highs and hosting successive world cups\".\"This is just the beginning. We will soon have an Indian Kabaddi League,\" said Sukhbir.The tournament is also being pegged as a way to send a message on the state's campaign against drugs. \"We have invested nearly Rs 40 lakh for anti-doping arrangements. The punishment of forfeiture of award and team disqualification should be a strong deterrent. Let the event help youngsters know the ill-effects of drugs and its repercussions,\" said Punjab information minister Bikram Majithia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436840", "title": "New system to help analyze implementation of reforms", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry of urban development has come out with simplified reforms measurement system for cities which are implementing projects under the JNNURM. The system will help the government analyze the reforms that have been implemented and release funds accordingly.When the Jawaharlal Nehru national Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) was launched in 2005-06, the ministry had asked state governments and cities to implement urban reforms. A total of 23 reforms at the city and state level had been decided. Based on the implementation of reforms and the progress of projects, the government has been releasing funds. Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have implemented some of the reforms and are in the process to implementing the remaining ones.Under the JNNURM, the central government shares 50% of the cost of the project. The state government shares 20% of the cost, while the remaining is shared by the municipal corporation.Recently, the ministry issued the simplified reforms measurement system, stating that if the reforms have been achieved reasonable levels, the remaining part of funds can be released to states.In the simplified measurement system, marks or points have been fixed for reforms. Under city level reforms, the important categories include e-governance measures, municipal accounting system, collection of property tax, collection of user charges for water supply and solid waste management, earmarking funds in the budget for the projects and provision of basic services for the poor.Under e-governance, Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations have launched online facility for payment of property and water taxes, and for birth and death registration.Other aspects under e-governance that the ministry has listed include online citizens' grievance monitoring system, online approval of building plans and online procurement. For property tax collection, higher marks have been given for maximum coverage (85%) of the properties, as well as efficiency in collection of tax. Points have also been set for posting of tax details in public domain, and for migration to standardized self-assessment of property tax, on the basis of periodic review of rates.The important state level reforms include reforms in rent control, integration of city planning and delivery functions, repeal of the Urban Land Ceiling and Regulation Act, and enactment of public disclosure law and community participation law. Optional reforms include making rainwater harvesting compulsory, byelaws on use of recycled water and simplification of legal and procedural framework for conversion of agricultural land for non-agriculture purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436752", "title": "Naveen Patnaik worth Rs 12cr, richest in cabinet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik's assets are worth over Rs 12 crore, making him the richest man in the state's 21-member council of ministers, according to minister's property statements recently uploaded in the Odisha government website. The state has 11 crorepati ministers, according to the site.Going by the statements, Naveen has movable and immovable property worth Rs 12.06 crore. On the other hand, energy minister Arun Sahoo is the 'poorest' in the ministry with property worth Rs 24.47 lakh, including about Rs 10 lakh in the name of his wife. This is the second successive year when the government, apparently bowing to pressure from different quarters, has made public the property lists of ministers.Naveen has movable assets worth Rs 18,23,398 and landed property worth Rs 11,88,62,000. He inherited farm land measuring 22.7 acre valued at Rs 3.43 crore at Faridabad in Haryana from his mother Gyan Patnaik. He also inherited one-third of his parents' house at Aurangzeb Road, New Delhi, worth Rs 5.14 crore, as his share. Besides, he inherited two-third of Naveen Niwas worth Rs 2.80 crore and one-third of a property at Ananda Bhawan, Tulsipur, Cuttack, estimated at Rs 51 lakh.Among Naveen's colleagues, nine have claimed that they do not own a car while 11 others have said they do not have a house in their name in Bhubaneswar.Finance minister Prasanna Acharya's property is worth less than Rs six crore, while health minister Damodar Rout has said he has assets totalling Rs 1.03 crore. Forest minister Bijayshree Rout is worth Rs 3.55 crore, while revenue minister S N Patro has three houses but no car. Patro's assets are valued at around Rs 3.75 crore.The property of some of the other ministers were estimated as follows: panchayati raj minister Kalpataru Das (Rs 47.92 lakh), rural development minister Bikram Arukh (Rs 1.70 crore), tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty (Rs 1.61 crore), law minister Raghunath Mohanty (Rs 27.77 lakh), forest minister Rajanikanta Singh (Rs 1.17 crore), food supplies minister P K Deb (Rs 2.19 crore), industries minister Niranjan Pujari (Rs 1.92 crore), commerce minister Subrat Tarai (Rs 25 lakh), ST and SC development minister Lal Bihari Himrika (Rs 19 lakh), women and child development minister Usha Devi (Rs 48 lakh), textiles and handloom minister Saraswati Hembram (Rs 95 lakh), school and mass education minister Rabinarayan Nanda (Rs 75 lakh) and sports minister Ramesh Majhi (Rs 64 lakh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434806", "title": "5 persons killed in road accident", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Five persons, including three of a family, were killed and five others injured when a tempo carrying them collided with a speeding truck near Mungari village under Industrial Area police station, about 25 km from here, on Friday.The four deceased were identified as Ajay Gupta (35), his wife Asha Devi (32), and their daughter Chulbuli (6), all natives of Sonbharda, and Sita Devi (55). One deceased could not be identified. Among the injured were Avinash, Anshika, Archita and Sonkali. They have been admitted to a city hospital.The police, with the help of villagers, carried out rescue operations. Police said that four persons died on the spot while one succumbed to his injuries during treatment.The accused truck driver managed to escape. The police have sent the bodies for postmortem. Police said the tempo was on its way to Meja from Naini industrial area while truck was on its way to city.In another road accident, an unidentified khalasi was run over by a speeding car under Civil Lines police station on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436843", "title": "Pune activists seek completion of tree census", "text": "PUNE: Activists protested the civic administration's apathy towards completing the tree census in the city in a unique way on Friday - by \"celebrating\" the anniversary of the deadline set by the Bombay high court to complete the census.The HC order had set November 30, 2011, as a deadline for the administration to complete the tree census. \"A year later, the Pune Municipal Corporation is still to finish the task,\" activist Vinod Jain told reporters.The activists also baked a cake in the shape of a tree, depicting the details of the court order. They later offered the cake to a tree.\"We will continue our 'celebrations' till the census is completed. We want the authorities to carry out the census properly. They should number the trees, which will help to check tree-cutting activities,\" said Deepak Vahikar, a petitioner who had approached the HC in 2009 in this regard.Civic officials said that the work of tree census is expected to be completed soon. \"The census works are being carried out ward wise. There are 15 wards, of which most have been covered. The work is in the final stages,\" a senior PMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436784", "title": "3 yr RI for Indore bank official, 5 others", "text": "INDORE: Chief manager of Sate Bank of Indore (SBI) and five others were convicted and sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment with penalty of Rs 2,500 for cheating and committing fraud by the Special judge CBI cases on Friday, here. All the convicts were held guilty of siphoning off Rs 30.27 lakh from SBI fraudulently with an intention to cheat and defraud, informed a press release issued by the CBI.The press release said, chief manager of the bank N A Khan, who was posted at Palsikar Colony Indore during 2003-04, entered into a criminal conspiracy with late Charan Mangal Murmum, then officer of SBI, Sabir Khan, Kamal Singh Solanki, Manoj Mehna, Rahida, Subrati and Mohammad Hussain (private persons) to commit the offence of cheating, impersonating using forged documents as genuine etc. in as much as three fraudulent loans cases amounting to Rs 30.27 lakh.The CBI has filed a case against all the accused in 2005 on a written complaint of general manger and chief vigilance officer, SBI Indore. After finding the allegation true a charge-sheet was filed in 2008 in the court of special judges of CBI. Today, all the seven accused were convicted. Six of them were sentenced on Friday while the court reserved the judgment in respect of Subrati as he was not present in the court at the time of announcement of judgement, the press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17437915", "title": "Kadal track list out online", "text": "The track list from the much awaited album of Mani Ratnam's 'Kadal' starring Gautham Karthik and Tulasi Nair in lead is out on the internet. The music of the film is by Oscar winner AR Rahman .The list includes six different songs including the track Nenjukkulley which was performed at the MTV Unplugged show which was telecasted a while back. The star kids will be teaming up in a storyline based on the lives of fishermen.The release date of Kadal is rumored to be in the start of 2013. Here's the complete track list:Nenjukulle Chithirai Nela Ne Illayel Moongil Thottam Magudi Magudi Elay Keechan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434808", "title": "Passengers stranded as autos go off Allahabad roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Daily commuters traveling on the Allahabad-Kaurihar and Allahabad-Soraon route on Friday faced numerous problems as tempos and autos went off the roads after the traffic police department adopted a tough stance with regard to checking of driving licenses, registration certificates, drivers' qualification and physical status of passenger vehicles.Hundreds of commuters were spotted stranded, waiting for tempos and autos at different spots including Kaurihar bazar, Hathigawan, Pratapgarp turn, Phaphamau and even Teliyarganj crossing. According to an estimate, over 10,000 passengers travel daily between Allahabad and adjoining blocks by tempos, autos and private buses.\"It took me around two hours to find a tempo from Kaurihar to the city,\" said a commuter Mona, adding \"Passengers had to wait for hours to reach their destination concerned.\" The passengers demanded that police authorities make necessary arrangements for them so that they do not have to face such commuting problems.Traffic inspector, IP Singh, however, said, \"Most of the tempo and auto drivers do not have proper driving licences and registration, and as a result, the vehicles went off the roads.\" He further added, \"Traffic police would be carrying out checking of tempos as they flout traffic norms and indulge in over-crowding.\"The traffic police had earlier taken strong note of the fact that 12 persons died within 72 hours in separate road accidents involving passenger vehicles.Analysis of road accident data received from states and union territories has already revealed that the single most important cause in 78% accidents is driver's fault. Report also revealed that fault of cyclists, pedestrians, broken roads and condition of the vehicle contributed to 1.2%, 2.7%, 1.2% and 1.7% accidents respectively.Causes of road accidents also include fault of driver of other vehicles, fault of passengers, poor light condition, falling of boulders, neglect of civic bodies, stray animals and other causes.Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has asked authorities to take measures to minimize road accidents across the country. Road safety has been made an integral part of road design at the planning stage and measures such as road safety audit of selected stretches of national highways, establishment of driver training institutes, compulsory helmets and seat belts, and publicity campaigns on road safety awareness have been adopted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436755", "title": "Cop sentenced for hushing up rape case", "text": "INDORE: A police constable and two others were sentenced rigorous imprisonment (RI) in Betma rape case on Friday by the special sessions judge A K Singh. Police constable of Betma police station Kailash Ragunath was sentenced for 3 years of RI with a penalty of Rs 5,000 for hushing up the case.The main accused Saheb Singh was sentenced for seven years RI with penalty of Rs 2,000 and Mukesh Lal was sentenced for three years RI with penalty of Rs 2,000 for helping the accused.Public prosecutor advocate Jyoti Tomar said probably it is the first time in the recent past when policemen have been sentenced in the rape case. Other two accused have been given maximum punishment. This will send a strong message among the guilty cops.She said on May 31, 2008, a 15-year-old girl, resident of Betma was returning home from a tailor shop when convict Saheb Singh stopped her to talk and then put handkerchief on the mouth of victim and took her to an isolated place. Later in the evening, when victim did not return home, her father Sankar Lal filed a missing report in local police station. From the time of filing complaint, constable Kailash Raghunath was trying to hush up the matter and later along with Mukesh Lal, he also put pressure on victim's family.Advocate Tomar said after lots of public pressure, police arrested main accused and presented chargesheet against only Saheb Singh. On the intervention of court, constable Kailash Raghunath and Mukesh Lal were also made accused in the case and on Friday all the three of them were sentenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17435991", "title": "Snubbed, Singur 'mastermoshai' calls it a day", "text": "SINGUR: The call that Singur MLA Rabindranath Bhattacharya was waiting for never came. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee ignored the mastermoshai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the face of Singur's historic land agitation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on her trip to the jinxed land on Friday. An hour later, Bhattacharya announced his retirement from politics, cloaking his angst in a carefully worded farewell speech.Ironically, the end of a 15-year-old association came the day Mamata stepped into the Singur BDO office for the first time since September 26, 2006, when police had dragged her out of the building during an anti-acquisition rally.Bhattacharya had repeatedly made his grievance public after being shunted out of the agriculture ministry during the November 21 cabinet reshuffle. However, Mamata maintained a studied silence on the issue for the last 10 days, making it evident that the retired schoolteacher \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was pitchforked from relative political obscurity to the forefront of the land revolt \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was perhaps politically expendable now that the party has ridden the Singur wave to power. Bhattacharya was not given an official invite to Mamata's administrative meeting on Friday despite his conciliatory statements the previous day.On Friday, Mamata left clear signals that the Singur mantle now rests on the shoulders of Becharam Manna. The CM called the newly anointed junior agriculture minister to her side to lay the foundation stone of Singur College and endorse the affiliation to Beraberi Ramkrishna Sevika Vidyalaya.'No hurt feelings'While it was Bhattacharya who had repeatedly urged the CM for both projects, Mamata chose to name Becharam.The message was loud and clear for him. About an hour after Mamata left, he told reporters: \"I urge the CM to relieve me from my administrative and political responsibilities. I had written a letter to her on November 16 in which I had said I am 80 years old and had a cardiac bypass a year ago. I am not mentally or physically capable of handling these responsibilities. I intend to resign not only as a minister but also as MLA.\"He asked that no other reason be attributed to his retirement. \"There is no acrimony or hard feelings. I just cannot take the responsibility any longer,\" he said.\"Although I wasn't invited to the meeting, I feel this is a historic day and welcome the announcements the CM has made. I had repeatedly urged her for the school and college here,\" he added.Bhattacharya also clarified that his allegations on extortion in the party ranks is an echo of what Mamata has been saying in public. It may appear to be climbdown after days of hard talk but there seems to be good reason for it. Trinamool's Singur block unit has asked for disciplinary action against Bhattacharya and Becharam has conveyed this to the CM.Bhattacharya's talk of retirement gives him a window for an honourable exit. There is every indication that any strong action against him would have evoked an equally strong reaction in Singur. The grassroots leader, however, indicated that he would still be around: \"I have taken an oath with the people of Singur. I will be with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17436274", "title": "State may drop cases against Kannada activists: Ashoka", "text": "BELGAUM: Steps will be taken to drop cases against farmers and pro-Kannada activists, said deputy chief minister and home minister R Ashoka.Speaking at the Kannada convention organized by Karnataka Rakshana Vedike here on Friday, he said, \"The cases against farmers and pro-Kannada activists who fought for the welfare of the state and Kannada language will be dropped. With this huge gathering Maharashtra will get an idea of the strength of Kannada people. When I visited Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, I found Kannadigas living in border areas learning the language of the respective state in which they live. Non-Kannadigas in border areas, too, should learn the local language\".The deputy CM assured the gathering that schools in border areas would not be closed and steps will be taken to open more Kannada medium schools in border areas. Earlier, Karnataka Nava Nirmana Pade, which is also a pro-Kannada organization submitted a memorandum to the minister demanding dropping of cases against Kannada activists.Narayana Gowda, president, Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, said that though they had invited almost all the MLAs and MPs from, not a single leader turned up for the Kannada convention.Ashoka recalled his brief stink with a pro-Kannada organization before he joined politics. \"During the Gokak Chaluvali, I jumped a compound wall and sustained injuries to escape being lathicharged. For nearly a month I was admitted in hospital. Now I have become a home minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436451", "title": "Finally, it's splitsville for B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "The white Toyota Prado with tinted glasses, sporting a fancy registration number of 9009, turned into Freedom Park at 10.49am Friday. Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa knew the moment had arrived to cut the umbilical cord with the BJP.Dressed in his trademark white safari suit, Yeddyurappa showed no emotion. The outburst of sorrow over having to sever ties of 40 years with the party he had almost ruled, had been done with in his 'Davalagiri' residence in Dollars Colony earlier.Asked by the media how he felt about finally taking the plunge, the RSS-groomed Yeddyurappa choked and eyes filled with tears.With his sons B Y Raghavendra (Shimoga MP) and B Y Vijendra looking into the minute details of the big day, Yeddyurappa only had to flow with the events. Nearly half-a-dozen loyalist ministers met him before he set out for Freedom Park, as they didn't want to be identified sharing a platform with his new party, the Karnataka Janata Party.The Freedom Park event turned into a rhetoric session before he left for Vidhana Soudha at 1.15pm to resign from assembly membership .At a press conference, Yeddyurappa who's been in the news almost every day for the past six months, chose to speak in Kannada and English.He also used the platform to unveil the KJP's flag: with its yellow, white and green stripes, it's a tepid version of the Tricolour .KJP state president V Dhananjay Kumar said Yeddyurappa's photograph would be the flag's emblem for the time being, till the party gets a symbol from the Election Commission . As the KJP is a registered party, it will be allotted a symbol during elections.After the press conference , there was a rush as people climbed on to the dais to have a word with him. Till son Raghavendra reminded him that they had a flight to catch. Yeddyurappa and some others left for New Delhi enroute to Vaishnodevi temple, which they will visit on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439005", "title": "Aditya Chopra to produce 'Paani'", "text": "Though the unlikely pairing of Shekhar Kapur and YRF has sparked off speculation, we've learnt it was in accordance with Yash Chopra's wishesShekhar Kapur, whose last major feature released in 2007 ( Elizabeth - The Golden Age ) had acquired the unfortunate reputation of a filmmaker wont to announce mega projects that never really took off.One of them was Paani, which has often been used as a commentary on his inability to get films rolling. The 12-year-wait came to an end yesterday, when a press statement from Yash Raj declared that the production house had taken up Kapur's most ambitious film ever.The unlikely pairing of the country's biggest banners and the senior filmmaker known for his fiercely independent working style raised the question: How did Yash Raj, which is a brand unto itself, take up a project where the director and his project both come with their own legacies?TOI has learnt that is was the late Yash Chopra who took an active interest in its first international project. In fact, it was one of the last films he had greenlighted for the banner. And the fact that Kapur had already got a Hollywood A-Lister to agree in principle to his film, got him excited.\"It started with Kapur sending feelers to Aditya. And then he made a formal appointment. Over the last six months, Kapur made several trips to the YRF office to convince Aditya Chopra about the potential of the film,\" says a source, adding, \"Yash-ji was moved by the story-line. It is a dark science fiction drama set in 2040 about a multinational company holding a city to ransom by rationing its drinking water supply, but it is also a love story.\"Kapur put in a passionate pitch. And the octogenarian was particularly touched when he heard how Kapur had argued his case with Adi: \"Everybody can live without food or electricity but not without water.\" We believe the human angle is what tipped the scales in his favour.Paani 's international reach comes from its casting. The film will be shot in Mumbai and Singapore and while Kapur had approached Kristen Stewart for the female lead, he had originally approached Hrithik Roshan for the protagonist's role. However, since the film is set in a Mumbai slum, the producers are not sure if he fits the bill anymore. The other name that is being tossed around is that of Ranbir Kapoor .\"Kristen is interested in the film and she will either pair up with Ranbir or Hrithik. The studio will release the names when the actors sign on the dotted line. A communication channel has been opened up with Penelope Cruz also, but so far she is Plan B,\" the source added.We have also learnt that Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh are actively lobbying for the project which will see them opposite a top Hollywood actress.\"You may expect the big announcement about the star cast by the end of this year or in March 2013 when the film goes on the floors,\" the source added.In 2011, the film's budget was pegged at 35 million dollars. Industry estimates peg the film at a staggering 50 million dollars next year. The final valuation is not known because the film is still in the pre-production stage.However, given Kapur's track record, cynics are watching this development closely.Paani has been co-written by Andrew Niccol (who also wrote The Truman Show ) and the music will be by A R Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436507", "title": "Mysoreans cold to LPG project", "text": "MYSORE: The government's plans to transfer subsidy money directly to the bank accounts of domestic LPG consumers from January has not gone down well with some consumers. They feel the new regulation will be a burden on them.The Centre chose Mysore for implementing the pilot of the LPG subsidy reforms project early this year. A total of 78,000 consumers attached to three oil companies were selected for the pilot. Oil company executives claim that they are successful in the first phase of the project and are ready for the next phase, which is cash transfer to the bank accounts of consumers.Though the aim is to discourage malpractices like diversion of subsidized LPG refills, Mysoreans feel it will affect their monthly family budget. About 17% of the 30-lakh population, including 9.75 lakh in the city alone, depend on cooking gas.Saraswathi, a homemaker, said that they have been living a \"hand-to-mouth life\" and the proposed regulation will surely affect them badly. \"We get one LPG refill at Rs 419, and use 10-12 cylinders a year, which means a spending of Rs 4,200-Rs 5,000 annually. With LPG subsidy reforms project, we may be forced to buy cylinders at market price -- meaning double the present spending. So it will be a burden on consumers, especially from poor and middle class,\" she added.Another consumer Dinesh said LPG has become an integral part in a man's life, and no one will stop using it even if the price goes up. \"Getting subsidy once or twice a year will not ease the burden on consumers. We are waiting for the government's order,\" Dinesh added.A dealer, on condition of anonymity, told TOI that the project will also burden them (dealers) as it will increase their capital investment by over 100%.An LPG refill-delivery boy claimed that they stopped biometric authentication delivery system in Mysore following a technical glitch.An oil company executive is confident that Mysore is ready for the next phase of the project -- cash transfer.\"We have experimented delivering LPG refills in Mysore through biometric authentication for some months, and we were successful. As a next step, the government will transfer cash transfer, for which we are prepared,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436133", "title": "So far so good, feels JICA team about Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The fact-finding team from Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA) inspected the Kochi Metro and expressed satisfaction over the works being carried out by Metro agencies. \"There is potential for Kochi Metro. They are doing good work and we are satisfied with it,\" said Takeshi Fukayama, senior consultant, Mitsubishi Research Institute, Japan.The eight-member team began their visit from the terminal station at Aluva by 8.25am along with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) and revenue department officials on Friday. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth, who is also a member of the board of directors of KMRL, had arrived at Aluva to brief the Japanese team.Engineers from Metro agencies explained the alignment, positioning of viaducts, land requirement and the movement of traffic through the highway and busy junctions with the help of drafts and technical drawings.From Aluva they proceeded towards Muttam where they inspected the paddy fields that need to be acquired for the project. DMRC project director P Sriram stated that these fields were not cultivated and they could carry out land filling. Technical expert (civil) Tsuneo Hashimoto was curious to know about the water level. He was told that, if required, the height of the land could be increased. The JICA team expressed their concern about the environmental aspects of the project, and insisted that KMRL complete the social and environment impact study at the earliest.The team inspected sites at South Kalamassery (Apollo Tyres), Edappally bypass junction, Kaloor (near stadium), North Railway Overbridge (ROB), M G Road (petrol bunk near Seemati), Salim Rajan ROB, South Railway Station premises, Vyttila Mobility Hub and concluded their visit at Petta by 1.20pm.Speaking on the team's reaction to integrating various modes of transport at Edappally bypass and Vyttila Mobility Hub, an engineer with KMRL said, \"JICA is very particular about understanding our plans to integrate the Metro with road and water transport. The project to revive Edappally canal and introduce a water transport system are relevant.\" Experts also took note of the heavy movement of traffic through North ROB and M G road.Sriram said that JICA wanted Metro authorities to ensure that construction activities would not cause traffic disruption or any kind of hindrance for pedestrians.Building expert Eiichi Yamamoto, signal expert Reiji Ishima, business implementation expert Nelson Alvarez, procurement expert Yoshitaka Yashiro, contract expert Naoki Takesue and operation and maintenance expert Ikuo Numata were among the members of the JICA team that visited various sites.There were also clear indications of the keen interest shown by Mitsubishi Corporation in Kochi Metro. T M George, business head and deputy regional head of the Japanese company in New Delhi, visited the sites along with the fact-finding team. Mitsubishi was one among the three companies that were awarded the contract (contract package RS1) for design, manufacture, supply and commissioning of rolling stock for the Metro and rail corridors in New Delhi.The team will hold a feed back meeting at KMRL's office on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439197", "title": "Joy and Payel come together for the first time", "text": "In Sujit Mondol's next, Bawali Unlimited, Joy and payel will play the leadPayel Sarkar and Joy had a blast during the photoshoot of Sujit Mondol's Bawali Unlimited . Both of them are working together for the first time, but the on-screen chemistry between the duo is brilliant. Says Joy, \"I have a triple role in this film, Sontu (a village guy who wants to become a superstar), Saantu (a superstar) and Sonia (a dance teacher). The script is hilarious. My character's only motto in life is to bluff people. The title of the film was previously Kobe Dibi Golai Mala Re , but one day, while we were all having lunch, Sujitda suddenly said that we are actually doing bawali while canning this film and Benu da ( Sabyasachi Chakraborty, who plays a pivotal role) suggested that Bawali Unlimited should be the title of the film. And it fits perfectly.\" The actor adds, \"It is a pleasure to have Payel as my co-star. She is always willing to help.\" Payel admits that when Joy would step into Sonia's shoes, she used to get confused as who the real heroine of the film is. \"Joy as Sonia was just brilliant. His body language used to change instantly. So far the audience has seen him in action roles but in this film, Joy will be seen in a whole new avatar. His comic timing is just brilliant. The film is a comedy of errors and we had great fun shooting it,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434488", "title": "Private shack owners want single-window system", "text": "PANAJI: The all Goa private property shacks/huts owners' association has demanded a one-time as well as single window clearance for their shacks from the government.In a meeting on Friday, the private shack owners listed their grievances to be forwarded to the government.Speaking to TOI, association president Dharmesh Saglani also said that it was unfair on the part ofthegovernment to impose on private shacks, restrictions meant for shacks on public beaches.Heading the list of grievances is that there has been a long delay in obtaining licences from various government bodies. Only when the department of tourism issues their licence, can the private shack owners request for licences from various other bodies like excise, food and drugs, electricity, fire and safety, village panchayats, etc. There is an inordinate delay in securing all these licenses, delaying the erection of shacks and thus causing loss in business, Saglani said.He urged the government to issue licenses for a period of five years. He also urged that the government issue single window licenses so that the shack owners do not have to run from pillar to post.The private shack owners lamented that they are not allowed any beach beds and urged the government to allow them at least 10 pairs of beach beds and some tables on the beach.They also lamented that the government has restricted the size of shacks on private land to 18m by 8m. \"How can the government dictate size of shacks onprivate property?\" Saglani asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438608", "title": "Dressing up for the Pride March", "text": "We find out what the queer community will turn out in at the March tomorrow Against the backdrop of Bangalore's sombre buildings, swathes of fuchsia pink, bright blue, and various other hues can be expected this Sunday. The city's LGBTQ community, who will stamp their identity on the city's roads, beginning from Tulasi Park, Majestic to Town Hall at 2 pm, are more than ready to march with pride. Besides the rainbow flag that will drift along the parade's five-km stretch, Bangalore's creative minds have decided to celebrate their sexuality with a splash of colour. \"Pride is a celebration; when you dress up, it adds to the fervour,\" says Ajay, a 26-year-old college student.The fashion of the Indian Pride\"I think we're colourful every day; we just want to come out,\" says, Ananya, a 20-year-old communications student, who will take part for the first time this year. Her style statement is sticking to the basics: a skirt and colourful blouse with satin ribbons for accessories. And colour seems to underwrite this year's Pride Parade's theme: a diverse narrative of people's movement for inclusivity.If rainbow saris, colourful lungis and ethnic kurtas defined last year's gay parade, the queer community will bring out the Indian flavour of celebration in this year's edition of it. Asked why the queer community has taken to ethnic wear against the more popular drag queens and drag kings attire, Ajay says, \"We want to create a space where we are different, but stem from the same community,\" adding, \"We are in many ways restricted by the public moral interface.\"Facemasks are a popular accessoryAs a part of the festivities, facemasks and face painting activities will be a part of the parade this year. Last year's pride saw dozens masquerade in a facemask. Commenting that facemasks are a metaphor signalling perhaps the nervousness of those coming out for the first time, Abhishek, a 36-yearold freelance event manager says, \"The masks are worn by people who are still not out. I wore it for the first time three years ago, but haven't worn it since.\"The Pride Parade should be more politicalFar from the noise of the celebrations, Kaveri Karthik, a 30-year-old scientist plans to come dressed in all black. \"We've celebrated our sexuality enough. I think pride should be more political than it is,\" says Kaveri, who feel instigated by the increase in cases of police violence. Kaveri does not even flutter an eyelid with apprehension about how the rest of Bangalore will react to the Pride Parade. \"Last year, the police accosted me and I yelled at them. I will do it this time around too. I'm ready for battle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436023", "title": "Student ends life in Indiranagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: An engineering graduate committed suicide on the intervening night of November 29 and 30 at Indiranagar. Suchit alias Gunjan was in mid 20s and had completed his graduation in engineering from Jhansi about two years back. Police said Gunjan could not secure a job after passing from the college, and this was perhaps the reason, which led him to take the extreme step. When Gunjan did not respond to repeated calls, family members informed the Ghazipur police early on Friday morning. The door was forcibly opened and the police found Gunjan's body hanging from the ceiling fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17434542", "title": "Balakrishnan delivers 'election campaign' speech", "text": "Telegu film star Nandamuri Balakrishna made for a sorry chief guest at the 43rd Iffi's closing ceremony. Reading his speech from pages of paper, Balakrishna appeared as if he was delivering an election campaign speech. The son of former chief minister of Andhra Pradesh , N T Rama Rao, he must have thought he was addressing a Telegu audience. He used the occasion of an international film festival to sing paeans to the Telegu film industry and extolled the virtues of politicians like his father and present Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalitha. The audience had had enough of the chief guest's speech and began clapping mid-way, hoping the man would conclude, but instead, he took the clapping as encouragement and continued with his ill-prepared speech.Award leaves Mira Nair surprised: Filmmaker Mira Nair, who won the centenary of Indian cinema award for her film 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', said that she was honoured and surprised to receive the award and that \"it was a great gift to be a child of the 100 years of Indian cinema\". She said that she would remain a perpetual student of filmmaking. The jury decided to award Nair's film for \"its sensitive portrayal of a polarized world and the angst trapped within\".Parrikar's promise: CM Manohar Parrikar has announced that forthcoming editions of Iffi in the state will see better infrastructure.\"We will ensure in years to come, you will get better facilities, a better theatre in 2014 to match anywhere in the world...with a film studio, (film) schools, and facilities and atmosphere in coming years will be memorable,\" said Parrikar. \"Let Goa be named not only for its beauty, but its film festival internationally,\" he added.India shining at Iffi: It appears that the Iffi awards are slowly becoming an Indian affair, with Indian films and film personalities gradually picking up key awards. The precondition of having an Indian as the jury chairman needs to be done away with if the festival is to be truly international.Middle-east films, coming soon: Indian-American producer and former tennis legend Ashok Amritraj announced that the United Nations, Hyde Park image nation and Variety magazine have collaborated to produce a non-scripted documentary series featuring filmmakers from the Middle East, India and Singapore. The themes of the films will highlight the UN's millennium goals. The winning documentary will be screened at the United Nations and will receive special recognition from Variety magazine during the 2013 festival de Cannes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439112", "title": "'Talaash' says a lot more than we get to hear in cinema", "text": "If God lies in the details, then by God, Talaash gets it foot into the temple-door all right. A films about ...well, search, pursuit, exploration and salvation, Talaash throws forward the kind of entertainment that mainstream Hindi cinema was never conceived to be. Walking the tightrope between a whodunit and a supernatural thriller, director Reema Kagti creates a fine distinction between a niche experience and the populist idiom with the two seemingly irreconcilable cinematic experiences coming together in waves of astonishment that hit us as we watch a new idiom of expression come alive in front of our eyes.It would be in the fitness of things to say , you've never quite seen or experienced a film like Talaash . The last half-hour is specially stunning, cutting across that fine line between drama and spiritualism without getting too deeply embroiled in an existential discourse that could easily distract the narration from its main purpose, namely to grip the audience.From the outset Talaash gets a grip on its characters and the immeasurably tragic drama that they get embroiled in. Kagti doesn't waste time in introducing his protagonists. They seem to exist from a time before the camera was set up to track down their criminally caved-in lives.They are casualties of fate's fitful cruelty searching for salvation. They are people in transit waiting for boarding-passes to a promised paradise.As we enter the beckoning underbelly of Kagti's unfinished world of seething cop,grieving wife, avaricious pimps and vengeful prostitutes we realize Kagti doesn't pity the damned. She treats every wretched character's history with redemptive grace imbuing even the minor players with a compassionate candour, rare to mainstream Hindi cinema.The director's penchant for visual and spiritual detail is captivatingly captured by Mohanan's keen camerawork that cruises Mumbai's redlight area and green-lit suburbs looking for places where humanbeings can rest their soul in one piece. Talaash is a remarkably reposeful dekko at a group of restless people whose lives could do with some immediate healing.There is the cop-hero Surjan Singh Shekhawat( Aamir Khan ) and his wife Shreya( Rani Mukherjee ) battling the loss of of their only son.Then there's the other plot about a murder, the murky secrets it brings out and the passionate platonic bonding that grows between Surjan and a mysterious and seductive prostitute Rosy( Kareena Kapoor ) who talks like she has watched too many eerie films and who seems to hold the key to the plot's most vital mystery.We see an astonishing synthesis of seemingly incompatible ideas in the way the co-writers Kagti and Zoya Akhtar bring together Surjan's two wounded worlds without fracturing the film's basic narrative structure. The drama's impact hinges to a large extent on Aamir Khan's character as he, more than any of the film's other tormented souls, must embrace the anomalies and contradictions that make a life an ongoing tragedy. That's what heroes do. They make life's burdens look bearable.Aamir chooses to underplay his character's angst. This cop is hardly ever angry. And if he is, he doesn't show it. He doesn't display his emotional trauma. We know about them. We never see Surjan's true feelings. Is the character holding back emotions? Or, is that the actor's interpretation? Even when at the end when the grieving father who has finally put his guilt about his son's death to rest, reads a letter from the dead son, we see very little emotion being invested into the cathartic moment.Aamir is not unconvincing. He can never be that. His character seems unconvinced about the machinations of destiny that throw him in a double conundrum where he must find a peaceful solution to his personal loss while solving a case that seems to push Surjan deeper and deeper into a state of suspended disbelief.Rani as one-half of a couple clenched in the shared grief of bereavement is much more palpably wounded. She expresses the mother's hurt in subtle but sharp demonstrations of a shooting pain whose impact we feel in full force. Kareena has a very difficult role to perform. Reema Kagti makes full use of the aloof sensuality that the actress has lately imbibed into her persona. In this case when we wonder if Kareena's beauty is for real we don't really know until the end how unreal it really is.The casting in fact is impeachable even in the smallest of parts. The actresses playing prostitutes are so real in their shammed seductiveness we feel we are part of a guilty secret that time can never unravel. At one point Kareena, grappling with dialogues that deliberately favour ambivalence says, \"Prostitution is illegal. Sex workers don't exist. So I don't really exist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17434202", "title": "With 12 crore assets, Naveen richest in cabinet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik's assets are worth over Rs 12 crore, making him the richest man in the Odisha's 21-member council of ministers, according to the Odisha government website. The website lists 11 ministers as crorepatis.Going by the statements on the site, Patnaik has movable and immovable property worth Rs 12.06 crore. On the other hand, energy minister Arun Sahoo is the 'poorest' with property worth Rs 24.47 lakh, including about Rs 10 lakh in his wife's name. This is the second successive year when the government has made public the property lists of ministers.Naveen has movable assets worth Rs 18, 23,398 and landed property worth Rs 11,88,62,000. He inherited farm land measuring 22.7 acre valued at Rs 3.43 crore in Faridabad, Haryana from his mother Gyan Patnaik. He also inherited one-third of his parents' house at Aurangzeb Road, New Delhi, worth Rs 5.14 crore. He also inherited two-third of Naveen Niwas worth Rs 2.80 crore and one-third of a property at Ananda Bhawan in Cuttack, estimated at Rs 51 lakh.Among Naveen's colleagues, nine have claimed that they do not own a car while 11 others said they do not own a house in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436247", "title": "Amicus curiae points to lapses in police probe", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday suggested to the state government to appoint a special public prosecutor in the RTI activist Lingaraju murder case.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked the government advocate to look into this aspect after Hashmath Pasha, amicus curiae, pointed to certain lapses in the police investigation and advised for setting up a special investigation team.\"There has been an attempt to shield the politicians. The politician (Govindaraju) is named as suspect-accused. His wife, corporator Gowramma's name does not even figure in the accused list. The area is thickly populated and not even one eye witness statement has been recorded. Also, the cell phone records of Govindaraju are not there. The deceased had filed a complaint before the Lokayukta police on June 25 and is said to have received threatening calls after the Lokayukta raided Gowramma's residence. Further, whatever seized was also not reported to the magistrate. Therefore, the incriminating evidence may get diluted and the real culprits may escape,\" Hashmath Pasha explained.At this juncture, the bench wanted to know why the corporator was not made an accused in the FIR.The bench then asked the amicus curiae to suggest an advocate having the acumen, integrity and (who) would not succumb to pressure for being appointed as the special public prosecutor.Pasha spoke about bringing a mechanism/or law to protect RTI activists and whistle blowers.DGP's affidavitOn the court's direction, Lalrokhuma Pachau, the DG &amp; IG of the state, has filed a status report. He has stated that the victim Lingaraju had filed a case against Govindaraju in 2010 for threatening him and the case was closed by the Chamarajpet police after filing a B report.The court had treated media reports on the brutal hacking of RTI activist Lingaraju in Vittalnagar area in Chamrajpet on November 20 as a suo motu PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435172", "title": "Tributes pour in for IK Gujral", "text": "NEW DELHI: The entire political spectrum came together to express grief at the death of former prime minister I K Gujral on Friday, with PM Manmohan Singh saying, \"In his passing, the country has lost an intellectual, a scholar-statesman and a gentleman politician whose liberal and humanist vision was rooted in the teachings of the leaders of our freedom movement.\"Congress chief Sonia Gandhi said he had a long association with her family. \"I know how much Indiraji valued him, both personally and as a colleague,\" she wrote to the late PM's son Naresh Gujral.Sonia called him a leader of \"sagacity and deep understanding of national and international affairs\". She said his qualities made him \"a widely admired and respected PM, cabinet minister, MP and ambassador\".BJP chief Nitin Gadkari expressed profound grief and described Gujral as \"a versatile politician and a thinker who served the nation in various capacities with utmost dedication and sincerity\". \"Shri Gujral was a staunch nationalist and a great patriot, who had thorough knowledge of international affairs,\" he added.Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina recalled Gujral's role in Bangladesh's war of liberation in 1971 and his contribution towards bilateral relations between the two countries. On her behalf, senior Awami League leader Kazi Zafarullah will attend Gujral's funeral. Bangladeshi minister Tajul Islam, who was in Delhi to invite President Pranab Mukherjee to visit Dhaka and had gone back, has been asked to return to Delhi and join the funeral.Pakistani PM Raja Pervez Ashraf in a condolence message to his Indian counterpart said, \"I have learnt with deep sense of grief about the passing away of I K Gujral. In his death, the region has lost a noble and distinguished politician. He was a man of extra-ordinary abilities and a visionary leader. He will always be remembered for his admirable role that he played to bring India and Pakistan closer.\"CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"In the passing of I K Gujral, the country has lost a distinguished political leader. He was a staunch secularist. As the foreign minister, he upheld non-aligned foreign policy.\"His party colleague Sitaram Yechury added, \"I was closely associated with Gujral saab, especially during the United Front days. Atal Behari Vajpayee's bus to Lahore had its basis in the Gujral doctrine. When he was the prime minister, there was a call to do away with the DMK. He would stay up till late discussing what could be done. One day, we were discussing at Andhra Bhavan. Till midnight no decision could be taken. He got up to leave saying we should decide and meet next morning. Before leaving he asked me what could be the solution. I said the same cabinet of Deve Gowda should be sworn with him as prime minister. And that's what happened.\"The CPI said Gujral would \"be remembered by the people of India as an exemplary leader who always stood for democracy, peace, independence and social justice\".Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said, \"He was a talented person, well read and also a writer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436733", "title": "426 doc posts vacant in hospitals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 426 posts of doctors are lying vacant at different government hospitals in the state. Similarly, 325 posts, including 23 posts of professors, 82 posts of associate professors and 220 posts of assistant professors are vacant in the three government medical colleges of the state.The highest number of 158 posts, eight professors, 37 associate professors and 114 assistant professors posts are vacant at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.The MKCG Medical College and Hospital has 77 vacant posts, including 47 posts of assistant professors and 25 posts of associate professor. The VSS Medical College and Hospital has 89 vacancies, including 59 assistant professor posts.The assembly was told about this vacant status by health and family welfare minister Damodar Rout on Friday. He also said the government was taking steps to fill up vacancies in government hospitals by recruitment through OPSC, or on adhoc, contractual, promotion and specialist declaration basis.He said Ganjam out of all 30 districts has the highest number of 71 doctor posts vacant, followed by Angul with 62 vacancies and 61 posts in Nabarangpur. Cuttack and Khurda districts have 27 and 24 posts vacant respectively. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435934", "title": "Seven Satyajit Ray film institute students suspended for ragging, girls called to boys\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hostel for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsessions\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOLKATA: Eighteen first-year students of Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI), including four girls, were allegedly ragged by a group of about 50 seniors for three consecutive nights at the boys' hostel earlier this week. The freshers were abused and heckled for hours and some are so terrified that they are planning to quit the hostel in fear.Seven senior students were suspended from the hostel and the institute on Thursday following a complaint by one of the girls. The authorities plan to file an FIR against them on Saturday.Director Sanjay Patnaik, who was attending the International Film Festival of India in Goa, has rushed back.The incident came to light when registrar Dipankar Mukhopadhyay received a call from the father of one of the girls on the midnight of November 27 claiming that the first-year students were being heckled at the boys' hostel and his daughter was among them.Mukhopadhyay immediately called the hostel caretaker and the head of the anti-ragging committee at the hostel. \"I asked them to rush to the boys' hostel. They met students' association office-bearer Lalita Prasad and ins-tructed her to intervene. But they were told it was nothing serious and no one had been physically assaulted,\" Mukhopadyay said.The next night he received another call, this time from one of the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17433255", "title": "World AIDS Day: 'Education is vaccine against HIV/AIDS'", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society organized a two-day HIV/AIDS convention in the city. The convention, which began on the eve of World AIDS Day, also held a session with mediapersons on Friday.The society urged the media to help create awareness against AIDS, saying it is widely felt that education is a \"vaccine\" against the dreaded disease.\"The session with journalists was aimed at developing the press fraternity's role in breaking the silence that surrounds the disease and in creating an enabling environment that encourages different HIV and AIDS interventions at the grassroots level. The session also aimed at promoting healthy discussions with regard to the precautions to be taken to avoid the disease,\" project director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, S Laloo, said.\"The media has a pivotal role to play in the fight against AIDS. It is often said that education is the vaccine against HIV,\" IS Gilada, consultant in HIV/STD and president of the AIDS Control Society of India said during an interaction with mediapersons at the State Central Library premises.He added, \"Many media organizations are rising to the challenge by promoting awareness on HIV/AIDS and educating readers, listeners and viewers about the epidemic and ways to stop it. Media organizations have a huge role to play in educating and empowering individuals to avoid contracting HIV.\"He said HIV-related stigma and discrimination are major barriers in effective prevention of the disease. \"A number of media campaigns have focused on the need to overcome prejudice and encourage solidarity with people, who are infected with, or affected by, the virus,\" he said.Meanwhile, hundreds of school and college students are taking part in the convention, which will culminate with several innovative interactive and awareness programmes on World AIDS Day on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436618", "title": "Ex-actress comes calling", "text": "BHOPAL: Quitting films was a major shift in her life, says Divya Rana, best known for her roles in Raj Kapoor's Ram Teri Ganga Maili and Ek Jaan Hain Hum. Divya is in town to participate in the ongoing Potter's Market underway at Gauhar Mahal.Talking to TOI, Divya recounts her acting career and how she got into making ceramic sculptures.After marriage, Divya goes by the name of Salma Manekia and lives with her husband in Dubai .\"These days, I am playing with clay and making unique handmade raku and low temperature fired pottery. I make ceramic sculptures with combination of wheel-thrown and hand-built techniques,\" says Divya, one of the participants at the Potter's Market.Talking about her acting career, Divya says, \"I was lucky to work with a great director like Raj Kapoor but after quitting films I did some serious photography and also dabbled in ceramics.\"\"I met a very good teacher G Raghu at Bangalore and learned various techniques in ceramics from him,\" she said.Talking about her future plans she said, \"I wanted to document portraits of women from the Kutch area as a photographer and also wanted to do a theatre production but as a part of back stage team. I love to do experiments with difficult and different things.\"Divya also wishes that her film 20 Rupees with Nana Patekar and directed by Chandra Barot sees the light of day. \"I hope it gets completed someday,\" she says hopefully.The former actress has also worked with Victor Banerjee in a Bengali film, Agoon.More than three dozen artists are exhibiting their art works in the heritage building Gauhar Mahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436049", "title": "12-year-old sustains 60% burn injuries", "text": "A 12-year-old girl on Friday evening suffered severe burn injuries (up to 60%) and is undergoing treatment in Balrampur hospital. Jyothi Chaurasia was locked inside her home in Riverbank colony by her mother who had gone out to get groceries. A short-circuit occurred in the house and soon engulfed the entire house in flames. Jyothi's father is an egg vendor and was also out at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436647", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRevamp Indian education\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prominent academic Shomie Das called for change in the pattern of the education system followed in India, saying that the country needs the next generation of thinkers and leaders who can contribute to the society and the world.Inaugurating the fifth campus of his international school in Greater Mohali, Shomie Das said, \"Learning begins from school and it is necessary to provide children-centric knowledge. This will enable the next generation to keep up with the goings-on around them and they would be able to keep track of day-to-day changes in better way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17436156", "title": "Women's panel to study issues of private school teachers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: State women's commission will submit a detailed report to the state government on the problems faced by private school teachers. The report will be prepared after conducting a survey among teachers and managements of private schools.\"Special teams will conduct surprise inspections at management schools across the state to study the pay scale of female teachers and the facilities offered to them,\" said commission member Noorbina Rasheed.Noorbina said women's commission decided to study the problems of teachers following increasing number of complaints against school managements. The petitioners mostly complain of poor pay and overtime work.\"Many of the teachers are paid less than a saleswoman who works at a textile shop in the city,\" she said. The team will also ensure the presence of anti-workplace harassment committees in the schools as part of the commission's drive against workplace harassment.Reluctance of school managements to offer better pay packages to teachers also fall under the workplace harassment category as it mentally hurts the underpaid. Besides, mandatory training programmes and compulsion to organize special programmes for students increase the burden of teachers.The situation is no different in state or CBSE schools. Starting salary for primary and pre-primary schoolteachers is Rs 2,500 in many schools.A teacher working with a city school for three years said her school management pays only Rs 7,500 as salary. \"Though the management credit Rs 15,000 to my account every month, they withdraw Rs 7,500 using the cheque leaf they have collected from me,\" she said.Lady teachers are preferred by many of the management schools as chances of them resorting to protests are minimum. \"Many of us do not protest in the fear of losing the job,\" she said.\"We will interact with the management members of schools and direct them to pay decent salary to the teachers. We will also request immediate intervention of the state government to address the grievances of unaided schoolteachers,\" said the commission member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435595", "title": "Get nursery forms till January 15 in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: As per the proposed schedule of nursery admission for 2013-14, admission forms will be available from January 1 to 15. Also, schools will be given a month's time to process the forms and interview parents before they come out with the first list of shortlisted candidates by February 15. The second list will follow on February 28th.The entire process is likely to be completed by March 31st. The proposed schedule was submitted to the education minister Kiran Walia by the Directorate of Education on Friday. A formal government notification on the same is expected by next week.\"To avoid confusion, most of the dates for 2013-14 session are the same as the last time,\" said a senior officer from education department. Delhi has approximately 1,200 odd private unaided schools with around 1.5 lakh entry level seats. The minister had insisted upon giving sufficient preparation time to parents who are gearing to get their kids admitted to schools, said sources in the DoE.\"I wanted that the schedule be released at least a month in advance to avoid any panic among the parents,\" said Kiran Walia, education minister. Meanwhile, the admission guidelines to be issued to the schools by the government have not yet been finalized and will take few more meetings. The department also ruled out any probability of a common admission form for private schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436920", "title": "Wild cat caught roaming at Bhubaneswar airport", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Wild animals seem to be having a free run at Biju Patnaik airport. A wild cat was on Thursday night caught in a cage put up by Nandankanan zoo officials at the operational area of the city airport. The caged animal was taken away by zoo officials later.The incident has confirmed the airport authorities' complaint that wild animals pose a danger to flight movements on the flight path. Airport authorities had sought the help of Nandankanan zoo officials to tackle the movement of jackals and other animals on the runway at night.\"The wild cat was caged at the south-west part of the airport. It was close to the runway, where earlier we had done a survey in coordination with Nandankanan forest officials to track the movement of animals. We are now sure animals are roaming freely, which might cause serious problems to flights while on the runway,\" said airport traffic assistant general manager H J Parmar.He said forest officials had put up two cages near the runway to catch jackals. \"The incident proves not only jackals but other animals are also moving about freely in the operational areas. We had put up the cages to catch jackals but a wild cat was caught. Now we are planning to put up more cages to nip the problem in the bud,\" said airport director Sharad Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17435279", "title": "In China, 'Life of Pi' makes way for home-made film", "text": "BEIJING: 'Life of Pi', the Hollywood blockbuster depicting Indian scenes and with mostly Indian cast, is being pulled out of Imax theatres across China although it is drawing huge audiences. The aim is to accommodate a high-budget Chinese historical, 'Back to1942', sources said. The Chinese film has replaced 'Pi' in most Imax halls.At another level, however, the approval given to 'Pi' by an officially atheist government in itself has caused much surprise. The film shows worship inside Hindu temples, a church and a mosque in India, besides lengthy discussions on Lord Vishnu and different philosophical issues. China has barred explicitly religious movies made in foreign countries in the past while local movies never stray into the spiritual field.Talking about Ang Lee , the Taiwanese-American director of 'Pi', the China Daily wrote: \"He was not proselytizing for religion, but nudging movie-viewers to have faith in the good common to us all.\" The film came to Chinese IMAX screens on November 22 and will now be shown only in 2D screens. The effort to pull out 'Pi' from Imax theatres and keep it restricted to non-Imax cinema halls is evident in reports in the state-controlled media as well. \"Meanwhile, Ang Lee's Life of Pi has wrapped up its Imax screenings to make way for 'Back to 1942',\" said sina.com, one of China's major web portal. It justified the move to pull out 'Pi' quoting Feng Xiaogang, the Chinese director of '1942'.There are reports that theatres are being offered rebates by the government for showing local movies compared to international ones. The government is under pressure from local movie directors, who complain that foreign films are harming their industry by taking away a disproportionately large amount of box office takings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436160", "title": "No leave in Patna University on December 10 and 11", "text": "PATNA: No teacher or non-teaching staff of Patna University (PU) would be sanctioned any type of leave on December 10 and 11 in view of the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) elections scheduled for December 11.According to a decision taken at a meeting of deans of faculties, heads of departments and principals of colleges, held under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, all the teachers and non-teaching staff have been asked to remain present in their respective institutions on both these days and perform whatever election work is assigned to them. Disciplinary action may be initiated against those who refuse to carry out the assigned work.The principals and heads of departments have been asked to decide the number of booths and the number of polling personnel required and furnish the same to the university at the earliest, so that necessary preparations for the conduct of elections may be made. They have also been asked to remain present in their respective institutions on Saturday so that any student does not find any difficulty in filing his/her nomination papers. Saturday is the last day for filing nomination papers.Even though more than 900 nomination papers were sold during the last two days, only four nomination papers were filed on Friday, the first day of filing nominations. The majority of candidates are likely to file their nominations for 24 posts of PUSU on Saturday, said PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan.PUSU election committee chief U K Sinha said that candidates would have to get the percentage of their attendance certified by the head of their institution and produce their matriculation certificate for the verification of their age. Besides, they would also be required to produce a certificate to the effect that no disciplinary action has ever been taken against him or her by the university, he said.The election committee is also contemplating to organize an open-house debate among the presidential candidates on the pattern of US presidential election. The candidates would have to submit a brief synopsis of their speech beforehand, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436660", "title": "Discussion on devp plan", "text": "Research director for MCAERThe Maharashtra Council of Agricultural Education and Research (MCAER) has appointed Prakash Shingare as director (research). Shingare has been working in the field of agricultural research and education for 25 years. He has received national and state level awards for his contribution in the field. He has implemented about 32 research projects so far.The city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch has organised a public discussion on \"Proposed city development plan-2007-2027 and citizens' interest\". The discussion will be held at 5 pm at IMDR at BMCC Road, Shivajinagar, on December 2. The panelists include Vijay Kumbhar, Aneeta Benniger Gokhale, Ranjit Gadgil, Ramchandra Gohad and Vivek Velankar and Jugal Rathi. This meeting is open to all.Guru Nanak awards presented: The Guru Nanak Shiromani awards were presented to educationist P A Inamdar, city police commissioner Gulabrao Pol, Shyam Agarwal and social activist Sanjay Nahar here on November 28 to mark the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak. The awards are given by all Gurudwaras in Pune.Observing Jupiter: The Aastronomica club has organised a free-for-all programme for observing the planet Jupiter through telescopes on December 1 and 2. Those interested can come to the Jnana Prabodhini high school in Sadashiv Peth between 7.30 pm and 10.15 pm.Harmindarsingh Ghai, president of Gurudwara Guru Nanak Darbar.MCAER gets new research director: The Maharashtra Council of Agricultural Education and Research (MCAER) has appointed Prakash Shingare as research director. Shingare has received national and state level awards for his contribution in the field. He has implemented about 32 research projects so far.Dance, drama contest: City-based Dnyana Devi, an NGO that runs Childline, will hold its annual fund-raising dance competition and drama competition for children on December 16. Since last year the NGO has added Dhoom Dhamal - an event for pre-schoolers. The competitions for this year are being held at the Bharat Natya Mandir. The drama competition is open to children up to 16 years while dance competitions have no age bar. The entry forms are available at Dnyana Devi office or Modern opticians at Tilak/Paud/ Karve roads, Girijashankar Society and Aundh. Last date for receiving entries is December 10. The collection is utilized for the NGO's educational programmes for the underprivileged children and campaigns against child abuse, said a statement issued by Anuradha Sahasrabuddhe, the director of Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436026", "title": "General body meet on MIDC housing plot", "text": "NASHIK: The plot of land belonging to Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) on which the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started construction of houses for the poor under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), will come up for discussion at the general body meeting.The NMC has got approval from the central government under JNNURM to build 16,000 houses for rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and poor people. But, the NMC has set the target of building 11,200 houses as per the availability of land. Of which, construction of around 8,000 houses have been commenced at different locations in the city and they are in various stages of construction.Accordingly, 9,700 sq m of land had been identified for the housing project at Anandvalli area of the city. Later, it was discovered that the plot of land did not belong to the NMC, but the MIDC. Finally, it was decided to pay Rs 1 crore to MIDC and get the plot transferred in the name of NMC. However, the MIDC is demanding Rs 1.25 crore for the land.The proposal to pay Rs 1 crore to MIDC and transfer the ownership of land to NMC was tabled at the meeting of the standing committee, recently. Its chairman Uddhav Nimse had approved the proposal, but had instructed the civic administration to table the proposal at the GBM for approval.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We are yet to transfer the said plot of MIDC in Anandvalli area of the city to NMC. The proposal is again to be tabled at the GBM for its approval.\"The NMC has got approval from JNNURM to build 16,000 houses for rehabilitation of slum-dwellers and poor people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436410", "title": "BBMP corporator's plea adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday adjourned till Monday the hearing of the appeal filed by L Govindaraju, the BBMP corporator convicted by the special Lokayukta court in a bribery case.Justice K Bhakthavatsala adjourned the hearing after counsel for Lokayuktha sought time to file objections.Govindaraju, who challenged the Lokayukta court verdict, sought for suspension of sentence and has asked for bail in the interim.The Ganesh Mandir corporator of Congress was found guilty under the Prevention of Corruption Act. He was later sentenced to 4 years' rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 90,000 for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 2 lakh from a person for allowing the construction of the fourth floor of a building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "17433541", "title": "At last, Yeddyurappa walks out of BJP, quits assembly", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: In the end, even a pledge to reinstall him as chief minister if the BJP returned to power in the May 2013 Karnataka elections did not deter B S Yeddyurappa from leaving the party he helped make a powerhouse in the southern state.The Lingayat strongman's exit from the saffron fold on Friday and his impending coronation as president of 'Karnataka Janata Party' on December 9 is a heavy blow to the BJP as it looks to mount a comeback bid for the 2014 national elections, seeking to ride on its powerful state satraps and the UPA-2's record on corruption and the economy.There is no immediate threat to the BJP government in Karnataka and the party's Lok Sabha contingent is also unlikely to experience any ripples just yet, but the party is bound to suffer a crucial loss of momentum as Yeddyurappa was a key vote-catcher in the state.Although the next national election is still some way off, BJP leaders would have been reminded of BJD chief Naveen Patnaik's shock exit just ahead of the 2009 polls. With the BJP banking on state bosses like Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Raman Singh , Narendra Modi , Vasundhara Raje and Prem Kumar Dhumal to pull in the votes, Yeddyurappa will be missed.Aware that his departure will blow a hole in the party's southern strategy and hobble it in a state that yielded a rich harvest of 19 Lok Sabha MPs in 2009, BJP negotiators tried hard to dissuade Yeddyurappa. But they found it hard to meet his demand to be made state chief while an IOU for the CM's post did not work.Yeddyurappa's revolt is a demoralizing development for BJP at a time when the efficacy of its campaign against UPA-2's corruption scams has been blunted by controversies surrounding party chief Nitin Gadkari's business dealings involving the Purti group he founded.Damage in Karnataka cannot be wished away as the BJP is staring at the desertion of the Lingayat vote it carefully nurtured after the community's disenchantment with Congress. Now, the politically significant community could leave the BJP's game plan in a shambles.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar is a Lingayat too, but does not command the same support and is not likely to be a match for Yeddyurappa.BJP leaders rue that the bar was set high for Yeddyurappa after he was named in the Lokayukta report in illegal mining. But having made corruption a major issue, the party had to force Yeddyurappa to quit, something he never forgave the party bosses for.The party has not ruled out the possibility of Yeddyurappa returning to the fold after the 2013 state election, but this is a long shot. Powerful satraps who have parted ways with the BJP have not always returned and those who did are often misfits.The saffron party has been unable to reconcile the ambitions of leaders like Kalyan Singh, Shankarsinh Vaghela and Uma Bharati in the past. This is a major weakness as powerful caste leaders chaff at the restrictions imposed by coterie and factional politics.The Lingayat boss chose Freedom Park, located in central Bangalore, to break off with BJP.\"Today is a very sad day. With a heavy heart and pain, I am quitting BJP. I started my political career with BJP. I became MLA, MLC, state president, opposition leader, deputy chief minister and chief minister of a party with which I was associated for 40 years. But betrayal and back-stabbing by some leaders have made me quit the BJP,\" an emotional Yeddyurappa said.The former CM faxed his resignation to Gadkari. Later, he reached Vidhana Soudha in a procession and resigned his assembly membership by handing over the papers to speaker K G Bopaiah. Immediately thereafter, he enrolled as a member of the KJP.Neither Yeddyurappa nor BJP see any threat to the Jagadish Shettar ministry from Friday's developments. This is despite the fact that at least 10 ministers and 40 legislators are identified with Yeddyurappa's camp.While the former CM maintained he would not destabilize the ministry, the fact is that not many ministers and MLAs are ready to resign before the assembly completes its term. Aware of this, Yeddyurappa said he has not invited any MLA or minister to the KJP event in Haveri. On Friday, neither his son B Y Raghavendra, an MP, nor Shobha Karandlaje, his close associate and energy minister, resigned.Yeddyurappa, who has been lashing out at BJP leaders K S Eshwarappa and H N Ananth Kumar, vowed not to speak against them anymore. Instead, he will concentrate on strengthening the KJP.Reacting to Yeddyurappa's exit, Eshwarappa, state BJP president, said, \"We will welcome him back to the party if he thinks of coming back.\"Yeddyurappa is now faced with the tough task of proving his detractors wrong and showing that BJP's rise was mainly on account of him. The BJP, meanwhile, has a task cut out: convince the Lingayats, its biggest vote bank, that it's a better bet than the untested KJP or the Congress.Both Yeddyurappa's elevation as BJP chief minister four-and-half-a-years ago, and his exit from the party on Friday, had one thing in common: a trip to Vaishnodevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17436309", "title": "Worldly pleasures are like water bubbles: Seer", "text": "DHARWAD: Day two of the 15th edition of the Vishwa Madhwa Mahaparishat and Nyaya Sudha Mangala at the KE Board's high school premises at Malamaddi in Dharwad on Friday, witnessed special talks by several scholars on the Madhwa philosophy.Pandit BR Venkateshacharya delivered a special talk on 'Deity's in Madhwacharya's vision', while Pandit Prahladacharya Joshi spoke on 'Pancharatri' and said that this is the most valuable book. The definition of 'Pancharatra' itself is Bhagavadgeeta, he added.He said, 'Ratri' means darkness and 'pancha' stands for the religious ceremonies to be performed by the devotees for five days to kindle the light of knowledge.Pandit Gururaj Kamalapur spoke on 'Vangmaya thapassu'. He said, reciting Vedas and understanding the meaning itself is meditation. On Thursday, Pejawar Mutt junior pontiff Shri Vishwaprasanna Theertha advised parents not to make their children money-minting machines.He said, \"Today man is running after materialistic world and has forgotten the ways to attain mental peace and happiness. All the worldly pleasures are like water bubbles and may burst anytime. To produce quality manpower, the parents have to provide comprehensive education to their wards\", the seer added.Delivering a special talk on Dasa Sahitya, Pandit Pramodacharya Khed stated that a person has to respect his father, mother and guru to attain salvation. He said, Madhwa philosophy has given a clear insight for man to perform his duties.He said, without performing puja to the Almighty, man cannot get mental peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436616", "title": "VHP activists attack Agnivesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) activists on Friday manhandled social activist Swami Agnivesh here when he came to join the launch of the eradication of manual scavenging march from Bhopal to New Delhi.The VHP attack was over Agnivesh's comment on the Amarnath 'shivling' earlier this year. Agnivesh had said that Amarnath 'shivling' which is holy for Hindus was a natural occurrence caused by the collection of ice drops throughout winter.Local VHP head B L Tiwari and supporters of saffron organisation Sanskriti Bachao Manch attacked Swami Agnivesh and manhandled him at the Ravindra Bhavan. The violent activists tried to tear apart Agnivesh's robe claiming that he did not deserve to wear saffron attire. They even called him a traitor to the nation, sympathiser of Naxals and insurgents. The VHP even alleged Agnivesh had deceived Anna Hazare during the crusade against corruption. Police rescued Agnivesh from the spot while the VHP workers continued to raise slogans.In May this year, Agnivesh faced the wrath of the saffron brigade and was slapped in the face during a meeting in Ahmedabad for the same remark on Amarnath ice deity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436731", "title": "Conductor crushed under bus wheels", "text": "MANGALORE: A KSRTC conductor, who was sleeping under a bus, was crushed to death when the driver unknowingly reversed the vehicle.The deceased has been identified as Viroopaksha Sajjan, 46, a conductor attached to Koppal depot. KSRTC Mangalore divisional controller M Mahesh told The Times of India that the driver had moved the bus without knowing the fact that Viroopaksha was sleeping under it. \"Viroopaksha, the conductor of Koppal - Mangalore route bus from Koppal depot was crushed under the rear wheel in the incident.The bus, which arrived at 7am was supposed to leave for Koppal at 7pm,\" he said adding that the Koppal depot officials will make arrangements to distribute ex-gratia to the next of kin of Viroopaksha.Mangalore East traffic police sources said that a case has been registered against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17436625", "title": "Bommai to inaugurate Kanaka Jayanti", "text": "HUBLI: Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai will inaugurate the Kanaka Jayanti celebration organized by the district administration and Jilla panchayat at Karnatak Vidyavardhaka Sangha in Dharwad on Saturday at 9am. Balanna Sheegihalli will deliver a special lecture on 'Kanakadasa and class conflict'.A procession of Kanaka Dasa's portrait will be organized after the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434189", "title": "Nagpur Flying Club aircraft skids off the runway", "text": "NAGPUR: A training aircraft of the Nagpur Flying Club (NFC) skidded off the runway and wavered into the grass while landing at 3.06pm on Friday. Pilot captain Rohit Sinha was unhurt while no damage was reported to the Cessna training plane Charlie 172, which Sinha was flying.The reason behind the incident is not yet confirmed as the airport and the NFC authorities gave different versions. AK Verma, airport director, informed that the plane had taken off at 2.20pm on its usual training schedule. \"The reason is not yet clear. The pilot must have lost balance, but investigation is on,\" he said.The recarpeting of the runway is due in some time, but Verma said that reason for the skidding has not been determined as yet. However, NFC in charge MAH Khan said that a dog had wandered on to the runway. \"This sudden appearance of the animal surprised the trainee pilot who applied brakes due to which the plane skidded off on to the grass,\" said Khan. On this version, Verma said he had not got any information about the animal on the runway. \"If they are saying that, it might be true. But I am not aware,\" he said.Khan said that Sinha was on the usual solo training session on Friday afternoon and that there was no trainer with him. \"It is quite a routine solo session. The trainee pilot has 100 hours of flying experience and hence couldn't have lost control without a solid reason,\" said Khan.Both Khan and Verma said that emergency services arrived immediately after the incident and took necessary steps to handle the situation.This is not the first instance when an animal has strayed on to the runway despite safety measures, thereby putting the aircraft and the passengers at risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436181", "title": "Thukkaiandi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife gets bail", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has granted conditional bail to Subbulakshmi, wife of retired IPS officer Thukkaiandi, who was suspended on the last day of his service in June this year. She was arrested in Bangalore on October 26.The case relates to a 12,000sqft land at Panaiyur on East Coast Road, which is registered in the name of Subbulakshmi using false documents.Justice M M Sundresh, gran- ting conditional bail to her, asked her to report before the police at 10.30am daily until further orders. She also has to execute a personal bond for 10,000 and furnish two sureties each for a like sum .When the matter was taken up, the prosecution submitted that she should not be given bail, as original documents were yet to be secured and the co-accused was yet to be arrested, but Justice Sundresh, rejected these submissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436531", "title": "Ex-PGI doctors to offer online consultation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, doctors will be more accessible. A group of four former PGI doctors will offer online consultation in various specialties to city residents. The doctors realized that patients at PGI were unable to understand their diagnosis due to paucity of time. Through the interactive website, they will be able to provide details to patients from anywhere.Dr Anil Grover, cardiologist and former professor at the PGI said, \"From experience it was felt that not much time in consultation could be given to patients in the PGI. So, we are working on online consultation. Most of the times, doctors are busy finishing off their OPDs and they cannot give qualitative time to patients. Unfortunately in India, doctors see so many patients that we often get rude to complete our OPDs. Later, when we return from the clinic, we realize that so many things could have been explained to the patient or his attendant.\"Online consultation can be very useful in such a context. Dr Anil Chauhan, principal of Dr Rajendra medical college, Tanda, Himachal said, \"Soon we will get together during the alumni meet of the PGI and gather more such friends for the project. I did my MS in ophthalmology from PGI and could seldom give time to patients' queries. With this interactive site, the limitation could be surpassed.\"However, Dr Chauhan warned patients against substituting online consultation for clinical visits. \"This can be taken as a follow up. Whatever questions were left unexplored can be taken up from the patient's home or office,\" he said.Dr S K Sharma, gastroenterologist and Dr Meera Sharma, a medical microbiologist who were attached with the PGI will also join the interactive site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436930", "title": "Kerala varsity PG results out", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala University announced the results of MA, MSc, MCom and MSW exams held in July 2012. Following students have bagged the first, second and third ranks in the respective subjects: MA Philosophy: Nayana Sagar, Sneha Dev P D and Roshni V (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram).MA Sanskrit: Santhi Krishna AS, Sabna T Thaj and Aswathy G R (University College, Thiruvananthapuram). MA Malayalam: Neethu J B (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram), Arya V S (NSS College for Women, Neeramankara), and Asha C S (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram). MA Hindi: Divya Rani K S (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram), Vijaya Lekshmi L (University College, Thiruvananthapuram) and Shani S S (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram). MA Arabic: Rameeza D J, Shameen R S and Sumayya S H (University College, Thiruvananthapuram). MA History: Aswathy V, Sophia J and Anjana R T (SN College, Kollam). MA Politics: Deepa S (University College, Thiruvananthapuram), Rinil K Thomas (SN College, Kollam) and Sreenath M (SN College, Kollam) and Balu S Kurup (University College, Thiruvananthapuram). MA Economics: Asha Abraham (FMN College, Kollam), Devi Priya P G and Sreena S S (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram). MA Music: Sree Parvathy P, Subbalakshmi H and Karthika P P (Govt College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "la quinta", "code": "17438411", "title": "Atwal drops to 44th, Chopra falls to 66th", "text": "LA QUINTA: Arjun Atwal was cruising along nicely at four-under through 16 holes before he hit back-to-back bogeys to drop down dramatically in the third round of the six-round Final Stage of the PGA Tour Qualifying School.The Indian, who has one PGA tour win against his name was at that stage 10-under and in top-20 of the leaderboard.He then dropped from tied 31st overnight to tied 44th, but still has a chance to make the all-important PGA Tour card for 2013.Meanwhile, Daniel Chopra had an even more steep fall as he double bogeyed no less than three times in third round and fell to tied 66th with a round of 76.Also tied at 66th was Bhavik Patel. South Korea's Meen Whee Kim shot a 5-under 67 on Friday on PGA West's Jack Nicklaus Tournament Course to maintain a one-stroke lead after the third round.The 20-year-old Kim had an 18-under 131 total in the six-round event, from where the final top 25 and ties will receive 2013 PGA TOUR cards.The next 50 and ties will earn Web.com Tour cards. Atwal had birdies on second, fourth and fifth before dropping a shot on eighth, which he quickly made up for on ninth. Another birdie on 11th saw him get to four-under.He stayed there for next five holes before the bogey-bogey finish.Fifth after second round, Chopra rose to third with a birdie on fifth, but a bogey on sixth and a double on seventh started the slide.He birdied the 10th and 11th to indicate a revival, but double bogeys on 12th and 15th spelt total disaster.Sweden's Robert Karlsson was second after a 65 at the Nicklaus course.Edward Loar was 16 under after a 66 on the Nicklaus course, and two-time PGA TOUR winner Vaughn Taylor had a 69 on the Nicklaus course to top the group at 15 under.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17434600", "title": "Sirsa clash: Sikhs demand case against Dera Sacha Sauda head", "text": "SIRSA: Security agencies and local administration heaved a sigh of relief on Friday after the meeting called by various Sikh organizations went off peacefully even as they demanded registration of a case against Dera Sacha Sauda head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh.The meeting was attended by hundreds of Sikhs at gurdwara Shri Dasham Pathshahi and leaders of Sikh groups appealed to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner.The organizations have been demanding the arrest of Dera Sacha Sauda followers who allegedly pelted stones at gurdwara Chilla Sahib and set November 30 deadline for the police to nab the accused.Dera Sacha Sauda followers and Sikhs had clashed in Sirsa on November 24. The violence, which had left seven persons injured, was triggered by a minor accident involving vehicles of a Dera follower and a local Sikh.In a meeting, Sikh leaders lashed at the police and demanded arrest of 2,000 Dera followers, who were booked following the clash and registration of a case of conspiracy against the Dera head.Addressing the gathering, Baljeet Singh Dadu head of Dadu Sahib Gurdwara and prominent member of Sikh community, said, \"Everyone witnessed how Dera followers pelted stones at our gurdwara. This is a shameful act.\"Heavy security arrangements were made in view of Friday's meeting that lasted four hours. RAF, CRP and Haryana police personnel also took out a flag march in Sirsa the afternoon.Later, Shri Guru Granth Satkar Sahib state president Sukhwinder Singh Khalsa said, \"We want peace in the city and not to get involved in any kind of trouble.\" He added that they were also waiting for directions from the Akal Takht, the supreme temporal seat of the Sikhs, before taking any further action.According to Takht Shri Damdama Sahib jathedar Balwant Singh Nandgarh, \"Police must take action against the accused as soon as possible and arrest them.\"Meanwhile, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) and BJP are going to hold a public in Sirsa on December 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435643", "title": "Solve traffic mess, urges Kolkata airport chief", "text": "KOLKATA: City airport director B P Sharma has urged the state government to solve the traffic mess on VIP Road that has led to hundreds of people missing flights each year.\"We need to urgently focus on the traffic situation to prevent a bigger problem in the years ahead. At present, the Kolkata airport handles 9 million passengers. At the current growth rate, the passenger count should reach 20 million in four-five years. Until VIP Road is decongested and alternative roads are built, more people will miss flights regularly,\" Sharma warned.He was speaking at Bengal Builds, a conclave on infrastructure and housing organised jointly by the state government and private builders. Among those present were urban development minister Firhad Hakim, secretary Debashis Sen and Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.Though the 20-million-capacity integrated terminal is designed to serve till 2020-21, airport traffic analysts believe it will reach saturation point within 2017-18. That means the government has to move fast on the traffic issue to prevent major bottlenecks on VIP Road that bears the entire airport-bound traffic load in addition to lakhs of commuters living in areas like Birati, Madhyamgram, Barasat and Basirhat.Though traffic management has improved ever since the Bidhannagar Commissionerate took charge about a year ago, the last stretch of the journey to the airport still remains a huge challenge. During morning and particularly evening rush hours, fliers and even flight crews frequently get caught in traffic snarls that begin after Kaikhali. With the office commuter traffic also passing through the airport to avoid the VIP Road-Jessore Road intersection, fliers are often stranded on the airport premises.While two Metro projects are proposed to link the airport, work has begun on only one that will link Garia. Even its scheduled commissioning in 2014-15 is doubtful. A flyover is also under construction to solve the gridlock at Kestopur and Baguiati.But Sharma says that is not enough. \"There is need for an alternative road to the airport to ease the pressure on VIP Road,\" he insisted. Though a road is being built via New Town and Rajarhat to connect Doltala just ahead of Barasat, it also faces land acquisition challenges and may take years to get completed.That is the crux of the problem that Sharma, too, hinted at when he pointed to the need to expand the runways. \"After the next phase of modernisation, the airport will be able to handle 35 million passengers. But that will require expansion of the two runways in addition to constructing a third,\" he pointed out. For that, the airport needs land to the south and east of the airport at Narayanpur and Kandihati under Rajarhat-Gopalpur Municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436838", "title": "Know Your Customer form deadline extended till Dec 31", "text": "PUNE: Residents who have multiple LPG connections can submit their Know Your Customer (KYC) forms by December 31 as the union government on Friday announced an extension of the deadline by another month. As per the earlier deadline November 30 was the last day to submit KYC, failing which the connections would automatically be blocked.As per preliminary estimates of the oil marketing companies, around 50% of the consumers who have more than one connection were to submit the KYC form until the last day. Friday witnessed a rush of customers at the gas agency offices to submit the form.\"There was a heavy rush of customers since morning to submit KYC forms.We deployed additional staff to handle the rush and appealed to the customers to cooperate with us\", said a gas agency owner from Shivajinagar.Pratap Doshi, president of the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation, said. \"The deadline has been extended by one month---up to December 31. The announcement came from the petroleum ministry.A good customer turnout was registered in many cities in last few days to submit KYC forms. Though the deadline is extended, the customers should not wait till the last day to submit the form. They need to fill the form as early as possible\".Gas agencies in the city said that they were still to receive an official communication from the oil companies till late night. The officials of gas agencies pointed out that despite repeated appeals and the extensions given by the government, many customers approached distributors only in last two-three days to submit KYC form.\"When the customers already knew that they have multiple connections on the same address, why can't they submit the KYC forms by the last date? Only multiple connection holders are asked to submit the KYC details before the new deadline\", said another gas agency official from the Shivajinagar area.As per official from BPCL , of nearly 3 lakh customers, 1.75 lakh have submitted the forms so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436190", "title": "Boy, 6, killed, sacrifice suspected", "text": "CHENNAI: In what is suspected to be a case of kidnap and possible 'child sacrifice,' a six-year-old boy, who disappeared from his house on Wednesday, was found dead inside a farm well 6km from his house in Surahapuram village near Tiruvallur, 55km from here.Surahapuram villagers found the body on Friday morning and informed police. Deputy superintendent of police B Balachandran, along with inspectors Mohan and Sudhakar visited the place and recovered the body. The villagers identified him as B Priyadarshan. The body was sent to Government Hospital, Tiruvallur, for autopsy. Some villagers interviewed by police raised the suspicion that it might be a case of 'child sacrifice.' They pointed to some puja paraphernalia like lemons, kumkum, betel leaves and agarbathis found near the well. There was no external injury on the boy's body.\"As the boy had disappeared and was later found dead at a distance from his house. It is likely that hew as kidnapped and murder. We are also probing the child sacrifice angle. The cause of death will be confirmed after the postmortem,\" a police officer said. There have been cases of 'child sacrifice' in some districts, but not so close to Chennai. The boy's parents, Bhoopalan and Chandra, identified the body. Chandra said her son was wearing a pair of blue shorts and a shirt when he went missing. The body, however, did not have a shirt on. The boy was wearing a gold locket which was found intact on the body, ruling out a murder for gain.Bhoopalan, 38, an AIADMK member, works in a private company in Sriperumbudur as a housekeeping staff. The couple lived with their son and a daughter, Keerthana, a Class 2 student of a school in Sriperumbudur. Police said Priyadarshan didn't go to school on Wednesday, as he was unwell.Chandra had left him at home and gone to a ration shop. When she returned home, the boy was not to be seen. She searched for him in the neighbourhood, and when there was no trace of the boy, Bhoopalan approached the Mappedu police station. A probe revealed that during Diwali, Bhoopalan had picked up a quarrel with a villager. Police are also probing if this could have led to the kidnap and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17436324", "title": "Bihar second most poor state: Plan panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh had the highest number of poor population at 7.37 crore, followed by Bihar and Maharashtra in 2009-10, Parliament was informed on Thursday.Bihar and Maharashtra had poor population of 5.43 crore and 2.7 crore respectively in the year 2009-10 based on poverty line fixed using the Tendulakar Committee formula, as per data provided by the Planning Commission in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.According to the Tendulkar Committee formula, besides traditional method of fixing poverty line on the basis of calorie intake, the expenditure on health and education is also factored in.The data also showed that the number of poor in the entire country during 2009-10 was 35.46 crore using the Tendulkar Committee formula for fixing the poverty line.In 2009-10, the commission estimated the number of poor in Madhya Pradesh at 2.61 crore, West Bengal 2.4 crore, Andhra Pradesh 1.76 crore, Rajasthan 1.67 crore, Odisha 1.53 crore, Karnataka 1.42 crore, Gujarat 1.36 crore and Jharkhand 1.26 crore in accordance with the formula.Tamil Nadu and Chhattisgarh had poor population of 1.21 crore each followed by Assam at 1.16 crore and Haryana at 49.96 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17436805", "title": "Multi-level car parking soon in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city would soon get a multi-level car parking lot. Corporation authorities are working on the proposal of a multi-level car parking lot at the corporation stadium.Chief town planner has already accorded sanction for the project worth Rs 23 crore prepared by architect R K Ramesh. Work on the six-storey car parking lot will begin after the completion of the proposed grand stand pavilion at the corporation. Work on the pavilion is expected to be completed on September 10 next year. A decision on whether to go for public-private participation or built-operate-transfer (BoT) for the construction of car parking building will be taken later.Corporation engineer Joseph Paul said the proposed multi-level car parking-cum-commercial complex can accommodate 705 cars at a time. \"The basement will have 3,768.66 square meter area and can accommodate 68 cars at a time. The ground floor can accommodate 89 and the first floor will be used for commercial purpose. Rest of the floors can accommodate 91 cars each and the terrace of the building would be able to park 93 cars,\" he said.The corporation has set up parking lot at Arayidathupalam. Lack of parking place has been forcing motorists to park their vehicles on roadsides. Vehicle owners mainly park their vehicles on Mavoor Road, Mananchira, Link Road and Wayanad Road.Though the corporation had worked on two proposals to set up more parking spaces in the city nothing has been finalized so far. A multi-level parking facility on 25 cents at Palayam and another one on the Link Road, envisaged two years ago, failed to take off.The proposed parking lot can accommodate 705 cars at a time. Work on the six-storey building will begin after the completion of the grand stand pavilion, which is expected to be completed in September", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17437855", "title": "Dhanush is amazing: Parvathi Menon", "text": "Parvathi Menon of 'Poo' fame is back to Kollywood after a long gap of almost 4 years and is playing the lead in Bharath Bala's 'Mariyaan' opposite to Dhanush. The film has music by AR Rahman and is expected to hit screens in 2013.The actress says it is Sandalwood the Kannada film industry that is keeping her away from Tamil films. About her role in Mariyaan , she says that \"As I liked the character offered to me in this film, I have given my nod. But I can't reveal anything about the story. Dhanush is an amazing actor. Working with such an actor I can establish many talents in me.\"Parvathi Menon hails from Kerala and made her debut in the Malayalam film Out of Syllabus in 2006. Apart from this Dhanush is currently working on Raanjhnaa with director Anand. The movie will mark his debut as an actor in Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17435472", "title": "Two neighbours held for stabbing youth", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) have arrested two youths for allegedly stabbing a man, Nilesh R Meshram (22). The incident occurred at Vashi railway station on Thursday morning.Meshram, a Govandi resident , was stabbed in his abdomen near platform number 4. His attackers fled the scene. The victim was rushed to the municipal hospital in Vashi where he succumbed to his injuries.\"At the time of being taken to the hospital, Meshram had provided us with his brother's phone number who informed us that the victim had recently fought with two of his neighbours, so they could be behind the murder, \" said a GRP official.Cops have now arrested the two neighbours\u00e2\u20ac\u201dAnil Waghmare (20) and Sachin Kanade (19), and are also going through the CCTV footage from the station to build a watertight case against the accused in the case.The victim worked as a railway ticketing agent in Navi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433637", "title": "Habit-forming pills to carry warning", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Friday announced that 91 vital drugs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 73 antibiotics, 13 habit-forming and 4 anti-TB medicines \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are being brought under a new Schedule H1 in the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, which will ban its over the counter (OTC) sale besides having warning boxes that read \"dangerous to take this preparation except in accordance with medical advice\".However, insiders in the ministry say discussions are on and a broad consensus has been arrived at to whittle down the list to around 20-25 drugs, making them top priority in the country's fight against growing antibiotic resistance.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the government has published draft rules for amending the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945, for insertion of a new schedule H1 containing 91 drugs.A ministry official said, \"There is a feeling that putting so many drugs under schedule H1 can hamper its availability in the remote areas and also make its supervision difficult. Hence, we are working on trimming the list and making it specific to some anti-TB drugs and third generation antibiotics.\"The official said that the rest of the drugs in this list of 91 would be brought under schedule H that already exists, and these can be bought only against a prescription.Drug controller general of India Dr G N Singh sent an urgent letter to all state drug controllers on Thursday ordering them to immediately make labeling of cautionary note on drugs under schedule H more stringent to reduce misuse of these medicines.The caution of misuse of the drug will now have to be bold and warning should be in red to make it more prominent.The warning will have to read, \"It is dangerous to take this prescription except in accordance with medical advice and not to be sold by retail without the prescription of the registered medical practitioner.\"The letter reads, \"Rules 97 of the drugs and cosmetics rules 1945 provides for printing of caution/warning in respect of drugs covered under schedule H for the information of doctors, patients, pharmacists so that there is no misuse of these drugs. In many cases the caution does not appear in a conspicuous manner on the inner most label of these drugs and is overlooked by consumers as well as persons handling the drug. This leads to unethical use.\"It adds, \"You are therefore requested to direct manufacturers under your jurisdiction that while labeling medicines with cautionary warning in compliance to schedule 97 should keep the warning in a conspicuous manner to attract attention.\"Resistance to antibiotics is becoming a serious threat for India because of its habit to pop pills at will.Even the World Health Organization (WHO) recently warned that the world is staring at a post-antibiotic era, when common infections will no longer have a cure. WHO director general Dr Margaret Chan had said, \"The world is on the brink of losing these miracle cures.\"A recent study by the Centre for Disease Dynamics, Economics and Policy, Washington DC, said there has been a six-fold increase in the number of antibiotics being popped by Indians. This includes the retail sale of Carbapenems \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a powerful class IV antibiotics typically used as a \"last resort\" to treat serious infections caused by multi-drug resistant, gram-negative pathogensThe drugs to come under Scechule H1 includes Moxifloxacin, Meropenem, Imipenem, Ertapenem, Doripenem, Colistin, Linezolid, Cefpirome, Gentamicin, Amikacin, Pencillin, Oxacilin, Zolpidem, Cefalexin, Norfloxacin, Cefaclor, Cefdinir, Tigecycline, Tobramycin, Tramadol and Vancomycin.According to Chan, when antibiotics were first introduced in the 1940s, they were hailed as wonder drugs. \"Widespread infections that killed millions could be cured. Major diseases like syphilis, gonorrhoea, leprosy and tuberculosis lost much of their sting,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436414", "title": "Din rules Bangalore University council meet", "text": "BANGALORE: It was yet another fracas session witnessed at the Bangalore University academic council meeting. The members of the council, who are also heads of various academic institutions, had to be given lessons on their conduct inside the meeting hall. \"We are res p o n s i bl e members and should not use unparliamentary language,\" suggested N Rangaswamy , acting vice chancellor , Bangalore University.This happened after the VC received few derogatory remarks by some of the members during the proceedings of the meeting. \"Are you deaf ?\" screamed a member, while Rangaswamy was clarifying a point.The academic council met in the Jnanabharathi council after several months. As many as 55 teacher education colleges under BU might face the music. The task force appointed to look into the irregularities of BEd colleges has recommended permanent disaffiliation of these colleges. The task force visited 99 colleges and submitted its interim report to the council.The campus acted as the host after a long gap. While members, content with the venue, took their seats, the meeting started with a row on absence of registrar's signature on the agenda. On this, N Rangaswamy, the acting vicechancellor clarified that the required signature could not be taken because of the late appointment of registrar.After settling down with that, the meeting turned ugly once again when members raised questions on the term of reference of the task force. \"The task force is not allowed to call media and distribute the report. Where is the term of reference for this task force? Important decisions have been taken orally on whims and fancies of the captains of the varsity in past,\" said Karuna Murthy, council member.The report submitted by task force recommended disaffiliation of 55 BEd colleges, however, many council members opposed it.\"There are other major irregularities that have been mentioned in the report. We can write 1,000-page report if we take those irregularities into consideration. But keeping in mind those that are mentioned , the colleges should be disaffiliated,\" said Karan Kumar , chairman, BU task force.The task force visited 99 BEd colleges and recommended for the renewal of affiliation for 44 colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436864", "title": "Varsity experiment enhances rice productivity by 16%", "text": "PUNE: Researchers from the biophysics section of the department of physics at the University of Pune have found that microgravity treatment on rice seeds enhances its productivity by 16%, compared to rice production using normal seeds.Microgravity is a state where gravitational force is minimal. The researchers exposed basmati rice seeds of Pusa RH-10 variety to microgravity treatment and the seeds were sown in the farm at the Rice Research Centre in Ratnagiri.\"Its yield was compared with other conventionally grown rice crops. The findings of the experiment were satisfactory,\" said Pandit Vidyasagar, head of the biophysics section at the university's department of physics. He was speaking before leaving for the US to present a paper on the experiment at the international conference on gravitational and space research at New Orleans on Friday.To study the effect of real microgravity on the yield, an experiment will be conducted with the help of the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro). Seeds will be sent into the space, brought back and sown in farms. The experiment is the brainchild of Vidyasagar.The seeds will be sent into space by Isro as part of the Space Recovery Experiment-II. This is the first such satellite experiment to take place in the country. The final schedule of the project will be announced soon, said sources in the varsity.The experiment is significant as agricultural land is increasingly being utilised for non-agricultural purposes. The annual economic survey published by the state government reported that 11.64 lakh hectare agricultural land has been diverted to non-agricultural use during the last decade. The land is being used for construction of houses, development of roads, other infrastructure and setting up industrial units, the survey says.In such a situation, microgravity experiments can enhance the agricultural production and help meet the demand for foodgrains, Vidyasagar stated.Speaking to TOI, his research associate Sagar Jagtap said, \"Microgravity, where gravitational force is minimal, was created with the help of simulators in the university laboratory. We found that microgravity triggered the process of enzyme (amylase) creation in seeds that creates more chlorophyll pigments. More chlorophyll means speedy photosynthesis, which results into higher yield and increase in plant size at the time of harvesting.\"The experiment was conducted on Pusa RH-10, a famous variety of Basmati rice in Punjab and Haryana. The seeds were supplied by National Seed Corporation.Some 600 rice seeds were exposed to microgravity using clinostat, a simulator, and sent to the Rice Research Centre in Ratnagiri district for sowing in a farm. Another 600 normal seeds were also sown and later transplanted during monsoon in 2010 and a detailed comparative report was generated. This report was presented in the US by Vidyasagar.The parameters for research were harvest index, height of the plant, number of panicles, number of seeds per plant and the weight of seeds, among others. The most crucial parameter is harvest index, where 16% increase in yield was recorded, which can be linked to microgravity effect, said Jagtap.The analysis was done by a private laboratory based in Mumbai. At the end of 2011, the same team undertook a similar research on wheat and 'moong', under Vidyasagar's leadership. The yield reports of these studies are being analysed at present, Jagtap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436055", "title": "Maitreya project may stay back in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is still some hope for UP's tourism department, as the Maitreya project may reconsider its decision to pack its bags from Kushinagar and proceed to Bihar's Bodhgaya. Director tourism, UP, Manoj Kumar Singh said, \"We have begun the process of land acquisition and hope for everything to get positive very soon.\" An seniorofficer associated with the project revealed that the Maitreya project management had not sent in a formal letter of refusal to UP. \"This means that the road is not closed for us,\" he said.The Maitreya project management had however placed it on their website that they would be moving to Bihar . In an official announcement, Lama Zopa Rinpoche spiritual director of the Maitreya project, said, \"The Maitreya statue will now be built in Bodhgaya, but due to restrictions there, the statue won't be as tall as originally planned (500 feet); now it is going to be 150 feet in height.\"When asked to comment in this regard, officials at the tourism department said that once they get a substantial chunk of land, they would get in touch with the project officials all over again. \"Only a small section of farmers are creating a fuss. The remaining are quite willing to be a part of it,\" said the director tourism.DM Kushinagar, Rizgin Sampheal confirmed that issuance of compensation money has begun. \"Over the last two days, we have given compensation worth Rs 14 crore,\" he said. tnnOn what led to the change of heart in the opposing farmers' lobby, he said, \"probably they realised that loss of Maitreya project would also mean the loss of scores of developmental activities that are to come up with the mega statute.\"Experts in the tourism industry are of the views that if the state government is able to provide the land to the Maitreya project management the latter would never go. \"Kushinagar is a preferred site because of its religious importance, which is the most important factor in the case,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17436929", "title": "Bharatiya Kisan Sangam wants rivers to be interlinked", "text": "TRICHY: The Bharatiya Kisan Sangam, Tamil Nadu chapter, has passed a number of resolutions including revival of the demand to link northern and southern rivers. \"What is the point in fighting perennially over sharing 195 tmcft of water while 32,000 tmcft is wasted into the ocean from the Ganges-Brahmaputra delta,\" the resolution said.The sangam's state general secretary P Ayyakannu had convened an urgent meeting on Friday to discuss what needed to be done to save farmers from the water crisis, and concluded that conducting a series of demonstrations to seek compensation from the Centre was on the top of their priority list.When Karnataka has hit us hard, there is no point in living in the mirage of false hope. \"When the Cauvery Monitoring Committee was here, it promised us that it would get water from Karnataka and as a result, we farmers have collectively borrowed Rs 60,000 crore. Now, Karnataka, the monitoring committee and the northeast monsoon all have let us down. Farmers have started committing suicide one by one, and it is now too late to save crop,\" Ayyakannu said in a statement.He demanded from both the Central and state governments a compensation of Rs 40,000 per acre - Rs 20,000 to meet cultivation costs, and the rest Rs 20,000 as compensation - to stop the suicidal tendencies of farmers.' Secondly, the state government must initiate steps right away to store at least 150 tmcft from the southwest and northeast monsoons in the coming years. Bed dams must be constructed at 50 places over the Cauvery and 25 places on the Kollidam, he added. According to him, each bed dam should store from one to three tmcft for emergency.Now that tragedy has struck us, the state government should at least give us a support price of Rs 3,000 for a tonne of sugarcane, said Puliyur Nagarajan, another strong votary of compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434298", "title": "'Team work key for a Nagpur police's success'", "text": "NAGPUR: The outgoing city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, speaking at his farewell function on Friday, said that teamwork is the key to success for anyone who holds the post.The top cop's biography 'Dr Ankush Dhanvijay- Bharari', penned by noted Marathi writer Abhay Shastri, was also released on the occasion that was held at the commissionerate office at Civil Lines. Jalgaon-based Shastri has described in detail various highs and lows in the life and career of Dhanvijay.The book was released by eminent litterateur Yashwant Manohar and senior NCP leader Girish Gandhi. The function was presided by the Inspector general of police, Nagpur range, Rajender Singh.Dhanvijay said that the mantra of garnering a sound goodwill is to pay heed to the requests of the leaders instead of making it an ego issue. \"Someone coming with a reference of any leader or accompanying him is doing it because he is not confident enough or is apprehensive to approach cops,\" said Dhanvijay.He also added that ignoring visitors who come to get their grievances addressed is the most uncouth attitude. Avoid it.The episode of Baba Mustafa in Mominpura was mentioned prominently in the speeches of several senior officials. Jt CP Saxena recalled how several critical issues were being sorted out 'over a cup of tea'. \"He tested us but we learnt many things from him,\" said the second-in-command of city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17434771", "title": "Constable rewarded lifer", "text": "BAHRAICH: The upper session judge (special SC ST act) found the murder charges on a constable correct and announced imprisonment for life and a penalty of ten thousand rupees failing, which the imprisonment would be extended for six months more.The murder incident was reported from Chandmari Buxipura area under Dargah police station. Ramgopal resident of the same area was strangulated to death over dispute of sale and purchase of a land on February 21 2010. Dehat kotwali police registered a murder case on the application of the deceased's wife Meera Devi against constable Arjun Singh and his associates. The upper session judge (special SC ST act) Subedar Yadav heard the defense and prosecution and examined the evidences during the session hearing. Later he announced life imprisonment to Arjun Singh and he was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436402", "title": "College staff on warpath for pension, gratuity", "text": "LUDHIANA: Around 25 employees of the Joint Action Committee of employees of aided colleges sat on hunger strike before district court complex on Friday. They are protesting against government's \"failure\" in taking a decision on their pension and gratuity as per their demand.Dr Kuldip Singh committee general secretary revealed that members have decided to intensify agitation. \"Many of our colleagues have been fighting for past 12 years seeking their rights. Some even died during this period. We have been quietly pursuing the issue all these years. But now we have decided to initiate a chain hunger strike in about 16 districts of the state. We will also hold a protest rally at Jalandhar on December 13 demanding a final decision by December 17,\" said Kuldip Singh.Singh said after some representatives approached the HC, seeking benefits, it asked the government to enforce the implementation of the Pension and Gratuity Scheme.Later in an affidavit filed through principal secretary higher education, Punjab govt had sought more time stating the decision would be taken by the cabinet. Granting three weeks' time the court fixed December 17 as next hearing date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434200", "title": "Naik Talao turns into garbage dumping yard!", "text": "NAGPUR: The dying lakes of the city have now become garbage dumping grounds, Naik Talao in Central Nagpur being the latest example. The lake, once a sprawling water body, is now crying for attention even as huge mounds of garbage at its embankment are a common sight.The unchecked dumping of garbage has caused filth at the already choked lake due to the remains of idols which were immersed recently.The apathy of the civic body can be gauged from fact that sanitary workers, who clean sweep the surrounding localities, are disposing waste inside the compound wall of the lake. When local residents objected, the NMC workers allegedly bullied them into keeping mum. Even vehicles of the private firm engaged to lift garbage do not turn up on a regular basis. As a result, the lake's area has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.The joggers track circling the lake is also being used to dump garbage. Senior citizens and children from the locality have stopped visiting the park on the lake's bank due to severe stink.The road surrounding the lake is also strewn with garbage. According to residents, \"Garbage dumping from nearby areas since nearly a decade is the main reason for the water body dying a slow death. The NMC has done nothing at all to prevent the rot from spreading.\" An angry former corporator Jijabai Dakhate and a resident of the locality said, \"The NMC is a silent spectator to the decay of natural resources.\"\"Ward corporators Shravan Khapekar and Yashshri Nandanwar are aware of the situation but have done nothing,\" alleged Ram Sen, who runs a saloon near the lake, adding, \"Dumping of waste should not be seen as encroachment of lake. In fact, we are creating a platform to segregate waste. Tonnes of garbage is lying across the ward but we have no space for segregation.\"\"Till a decade ago, the lake was home to turtles, fish and a variety of birds. But now it stinks and the weeds have choked it,\" said another resident Ganesh Sahu.Anil Durugkar blamed the negligent attitude of the civic body for deteriorating water quality. \"Groundwater in several thousand homes around the lake has been contaminated over the years,\" he claimed.Dakhate added that the condition of the lake makes mockery of civic chief Shyam Wardhane's vision to keep the city clean and healthy. \"Recently, a local resident died of dengue,\" claimed Dakhate.According to residents, even the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) and other government agencies have done absolutely nothing to protect this precious water body.NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir assured to look into the matter and said the private firm Kanak Resources will be directed to lift the garbage on a regular basis. \"If garbage is dumped inside the compound wall of the lake, we will not hesitate to punish the sanitary workers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434819", "title": "White-paper\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dark side: No major dam projects in the next five years", "text": "MUMBAI: The white paper on irrigation by the state water resources department has not only glossed over the issue of corruption, but also has political fallout. The government has decided not to take up any new dam projects for at least five years. It has also decided to suspend 208 ongoing irrigation projects where less than 25% work has been completed. About 48 of the suspended projects are big-ticket ones, with catchments of 2,000 hectares and above.The decision is more out of compulsion than choice. A contractor-driven approach over the past decade has meant that new irrigation projects have been taken up regardless of budgetary constraints. Notwithstanding that the annual budget for the water resources (WR) department is Rs 7,000 crore, the white paper mentions 670 ongoing projects costing Rs 1.31 lakh crore. It says work to the tune of Rs 78,451 crore is pending and work of only Rs 29,451 crore has been tendered. Going by the annual budget, a source said the projects will take over four years to complete.The white paper says the governor has raised concerns over fiscal discipline and asked the government not to commission new projects till the backlog was met. Also, the thin-spreading of funds has stalled many projects, further increasing costs.There is another matter: the absence of consensus within the government on the benefits of the irrigation projects under scrutiny. The Congress-controlled agriculture department and the NCP-led water resources department continue to contradict each other on the ratio of land that has come under cultivation. Contending that the ratio increased by 5.17% from 2001-02 to 2010-11, the white paper says the finding of the economic status report (ESR) in this regard was flawed.While seeking the white paper, it was the ESR that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan cited. While the ESR said the cultivable ratio had grown by only 0.1% in the last decade, the white paper said the ESR's figures were provisional ones provided by the revenue department. Questioning the method used by revenue officials to collect the data, the white paper said the ESR used the same figures for 2009-10 and 2010-11 while determining the ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434301", "title": "'20ft statue in 3 months is impossible'", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though many artists are sceptical about the possibility of making a 20ft Swami Vivekananda statue in just three months, the three parties whose tenders have been shortlisted for the work seem to be pretty confident of getting the job done in time.Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) plans to install a 20ft statue of Swami Vivekananda by February 2013, the year that marks the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Vivekananda. The price bidding of the tendering process for the work will take place only on Saturday.Many sculptors scoffed at the idea of getting such a huge statue ready in such a short period of time. They said that a time span ranging from six months to one and a half years is required to finish the work. Some even alleged that if anyone is claiming to deliver the statue within the time frame then they might have already finished it or at least started work on it.However, the shortlisted sculptors are pretty confident that they will be able to complete the seemingly impossible task and are going to take part in the price bidding.\"We can certainly do the work. I am very confident. It is not an impossible task,\" said Mahendra Kodwani who hails from Indore, Madhya Pradesh. He also has his own studio Prastuti there.This is not a first for him. \"One thing that will play a very important role in enabling us to deliver the work in the stipulated time is NMC's cooperation. If they give all the necessary clearances quickly, there would be nothing to stop us,\" he added.At Kalakunj, where Hirachand Vikamshi one of city's famous artists works, a huge cut-out and a poster of Swami Vivekananda shows his readiness to take up the challenge.\"We are ready to give our heart and soul to the project. If we win the tender, we are mentally prepared to do the work,\" Vikamshi said. However, he pointed out that it is unfair to be given such a limited time and along with many conditions. \"It took four months to get the paper work done and we are expected to complete a work of art in three months,\" he said.Ram Sutar Fine Arts Pvt Limited is confident of completing the statue, drawing strength from its past legacy and technological prowess. \"We are capable of completing a 40ft statue in eight months. So, a 20ft statue in about three months is perfectly possible,\" said Anil Sutar, son of Ram Sutar and director of the firm.He further said that they have the biggest foundry and have a manpower of 70 artisans who can work 24X7. \"We have the logistics to complete the work, the latest technology and the experience of my father,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436927", "title": "Now, plastic carry bags to pinch your pocket", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: How about buying a plastic carry bag for the price of a cup of tea? Very soon, the city folk will have to pay for the plastic carry bags, no matter how small the covers may be. The corporation is awaiting a notification from the government that would ratify a resolution passed by the corporation a few months ago. As per the resolution, a customer, while buying goods will have to pay a minimum of Rs 5 for the plastic cover above the size of 40 microns.The price would vary depending on the size of the carry bag. The minimum range will be Rs 5-8. Once the corporation receives an official confirmation from the government, notifications will be sent to all the shops, including the big textile shops in the city.\"They will have to pay the corporation for their stock of plastic carry bags. While selling, the cost of plastic carry bags has to be shown separately in the bill. If a customer buys two-three plastic carry bags, each of them will be billed separately,\" said chairman of welfare standing committee Palayam Rajan.To monitor the entire process, the corporation had already placed order with C-DIT for the supply of 1 crore hologram stickers. These stickers will have to be pasted on all the plastic covers being sold within the corporation limits. The wholesale dealers who supply plastic covers to various shops should also collect the hologram stickers. The civic body will implement its new decision as part of its efforts make the city plastic-free. \"We don't have the power to bring in a legislation that would ban the use of plastic. All we could do is to request the people to avoid using plastic. Raising the price of plastic carry bags will act as a deterrent for many,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.As soon as the government order on the resolution is released, the corporation will start imposing the terms of its resolution. \"The government order is expected this week. The hologram stickers are getting ready,\" said Rajan.Meanwhile, the special council meeting held on Friday decided to wipe off plastic entirely from the city through mass campaigns and awareness programmes. Some areas will be declared plastic-free zones. Special meetings of merchants will be convened to seek their consensus. The corporation will also entrust the Kudumbasree units with manufacture of paper bags on massive scale to replace plastic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435519", "title": "High court seeks police reply on Aruna Chaddha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday sought a response from Delhi Police on the bail plea of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's employee Aruna Chaddha, who was arrested for allegedly abetting the suicide of airhostess Geetika Sharma.Issuing notice to Delhi Police, Justice Pratibha Rani sought its reply by December 3. Chaddha had moved the high court on Thursday challenging the sessions court's October 16 order denying her bail. She sought bail on the ground that the police has already filed its chargesheet in the case and the probe against her is complete. She also argued she should be granted relief on the ground that she is a single parent and has a minor daughter and aged parents to look after.Twenty-three-year-old Geetika was found dead at her Ashok Vihar residence on August 5. In her suicide note, she had said she was ending her life due to \"harassment\" by Kanda and Chaddha, a charge denied by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17437834", "title": "Charges against tainted woman cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special court here, in sector 17, has framed charges of corruption against tainted Mohali woman police officer Raka Gira.Gira, who was appointed as deputy superintendent of police in the neighboring Mohali district, was arrested by the CBI sleuths on July 24, 2011, while she was accepting bribe of Rs. 1 lakh from a builder. She was booked by the CBI in the corruption case.During the raid at her sprawling house, in sector 15 of Chandigarh, Chandigarh police had found nearly 1200 live cartridges, sophisticated revolvers and over 50 foreign liquor bottles. She was fond of affluent lifestyle and big cars.Next date of hearing is now slated on 7 January when the recording of evidence would be done in the case.Also, the reader of the Gira was also accused in the case but now he has become prosecution witness and turned approver for the CBI in this case.Besides for corruption, Gira was also booked under various sections of Excise Act and Arms Act by the Chandigarh police in August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435431", "title": "State Human Rights Commission moved against police", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging torture by the police, three people approached the State Human Rights Commission on Friday and said they were wrongly branded as thieves and put behind bars. The petitioners, Narender, Nani and Nitin, all in their twenties, said they are private employees and residents of Rezimental Bazaar in Secunderabad. According to them, on the night of November 28 they were waiting on the road near the Secunderabad railway station when policemen accused them of being thieves and started beating them without any reason. The petitioners said their legs and hands were swollen because of the beatings by the police. Admitting the case, the commission has directed the Gopalpuram police to submit a report on the incident by January 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17436039", "title": "Councillor threatens chief secretary over 'corrupt' Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's medical officer", "text": "GURGAON: After an ugly spat between the medical officer of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and the councillors at the last House meeting, one of the councillors is now planning to approach the court alleging that even though the deputation term of the medical officer has ended, she remains in office because of her corrupt practices.Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) councillor Sunita Kataria has written to state chief secretary P K Chaudhery 'threatening' him that she would file a PIL against him if he fails to act upon her complaints.\"In the past several months I have made several complaints against the medical officer, Aruna Sangwan, and the sanitation inspector, Bijender Sharma, but no action has been taken against them. The previous municipal commissioner refused to pay any attention to the matter. I have also forwarded the complaints to the chief minister and chief secretary among other senior officials but nothing has been done. I have now decided to file a PIL against the chief secretary for ignoring my complaints,\" Kataria said.The councillor's primary concern is that the medical officer is illegally occupying the post even though her term has ended. \"The medical officer is on deputation and her tenure expired in October. Though the previous commissioner has not extended her term, she continues to be in office,\" Kataria said.Besides, Kataria alleges that the medical officer, in collusion with certain sanitation contractors, has successfully ensured that the process of awarding sanitation contract that started in January this year is derailed.\"The sanitation contract for all the four municipal zones expired in January and since then the MCG has not been able to award the contract because of the official using corrupt means to influence which contractor gets which zone. This is the reason that even after 10 months the contracts have still not been handed over formally. I have asked the chief secretary to conduct a vigilance inquiry against the two officials and also find out the total payment made to various contractors since January 2011 till date,\" Katatria said.The two MCG officials could not be contacted despite several attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434790", "title": "Schoolchildren take out rally to give lessons in road safety rules", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Around 1,000 students from 15 educational institutions of the city participated in the traffic maha rally in an effort to spread awareness about the importance of traffic rules and regulations on Friday.Spreading the message of road safety, the students appealed to people of the city to follow traffic rules as it helps minimise road accidents. Students also exhorted two-wheeler riders to wear helmets and four-wheeler riders to wear seat belts while driving. Traffic inspector Indrapal Singh said, \"Students from 15 city schools showed enthusiastic participation in the event and encouraged road users to follow traffic rules.\"He said students have been appealing to their friends , relatives and neighbours to follow the same while driving or even walking on the streets.The students pointed out that deaths resulting from road accidents were double of those resulting from murder. They also said that awareness on the part of each and every driver and commuter plays a vital role to check the cases of road accidents.Data put forth by the students revealed that over 180 persons were killed in road accidents in the region in the past 11 months. A total of 233 road accident deaths were reported in the district last year. Of those killed, 31% were pedestrians, 9% bicycle riders, 30% two-wheeler riders and 5% three/four-wheeler drivers.More than 30,000 road accident deaths were registered in UP in 2011, of whom the highest 2,820 victims were two-wheeler riders.Records show that 3,090 persons were killed when they were hit by truck or lorry. Similarly, 1,313 persons died in jeep accidents, 1,340 were killed by buses, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers.Allahabad city is ranked 45th in the list of road accident deaths in the country.Traffic police say violation of rules and rash driving are two main factors behind the rising graph of road accidents in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436363", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to chug in on December 17", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seminars and rallies on HIV/AIDS will be organized at educational institutions and health organizations to spread awareness among residents on World Aids Day on Saturday. The Red Ribbon Express that will pull into the city for the second time after 2008 will be here from December 17-19. The train is supposed to halt at eight districts, including Nangal, Jalandhar, Hoshiarpur, Faridkot, Fazilka, Tarn Taran, Amritsar, Ropar and Ludhiana.People can visit the train from 9am to 5pm. \"We received amazing response from the youth for the train in 2008. We will launch awareness campaigns to encourage residents to visit the train while volunteers will sensitize students about the myths, symptoms and precautions with regard to HIV/AIDS,\" said Uggar Singh Sooch, district programme officer, HIV/AIDS, Ludhiana.According to Sooch, the train is meant to generate awareness on health issues. \"The train has eight coaches with the first four exhibiting HIV/Aids and National Rural Health Mission for information on TB, malaria, reproductive and child health care services. In the fifth coach, a special team of doctors will train health workers while counselling and HIV testing services will be provided in the sixth coach,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436182", "title": "Charges framed against Varun in hate speech case", "text": "LUCKNOW: A court in Pilibhit district of UP has framed charges against BJP MP Varun Gandhi in one of the 2009 hate speech cases. Varun had allegedly made inflammatory comments against Muslims in his speeches at public meetings in Pilibhit during 2009 Lok Sabha election campaign.The BJP leader has been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the People's Representative Act for promoting enmity and acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony. The first FIR against Varun was lodged on March 17, 2009, at Barkhera police station for delivering inflammatory speech during a public meeting on March 8, 2009. The second FIR was lodged at Sadar Kotwali on March 18, 2009, again for allegedly making an inflammatory speech with communal overtones at Dalchand locality. The third FIR was lodged against Varun on March 28, 2009, when his supporters attacked the police after the court sent him for judicial custody.The police have filed chargesheet in all the three cases. Charges in the case lodged at Barkhera police station were framed in May 2011. Now, the framing of charges has taken place in the case filed in Sadar Kotwali police station.According to the police, Chief Judicial Magistrate Abdul Qyaum took cognizance of the chargesheet filed in Sada Kotwali police station in the presence of the BJP MP. The court has fixed December 10 and 11 as the next date of hearing. The court decided the charges against the MP on the basis of evidences produced by prosecutors in the matter. The court also directed the prosecutors to produce the witnesses in the matter.The court also heard the 'Barkhera police station' case. A total of 10 witnesses were produced in the matter before the court. Of them, five witnesses testified in favour of Varun, while the others changed their statement they recorded with the police. The court has fixed the next hearing of the two cases on December 10 and 11.Great-grandson of the country's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , Varun had strongly denied the charges and termed the case as an attempt to malign his image. He had claimed that in one instance he was referring to bad elements and in the second one, the tapes have been doctored. The cases were registered against him on the directions of the Election Commission . Later, Varun surrendered before the court which sent him to jail under judicial custody.In 2009, the Mayawati-led BSP government slapped National Security Act (NSA) on the 32-year-old BJP leader and he was shifted to Etah Jail. However, in May 2009, the NSA was revoked on the direction of the Supreme Court and he was released on bail. Varun also won the LS election from Pilibhit.Significantly, Varun in September wrote to the SP government requesting withdrawal of cases describing them as 'politically motivated'. On his request, the state government had sought a report from the Pilibhit district administration on whether the cases could be withdrawn or not in public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435135", "title": "ITI at Ghansawangi to start welding training centre from December", "text": "AURANGABAD: The 'Advance welding training centre' established in Government ITI Ghansawangi is likely to be inaugurated in the first week of December. \"The centre has tied up with EWAC Alloys Ltd, Mumbai, owned by Larsen and Turbo company,\" said the higher and higher technical education minister, Rajesh Tope.\"The objective of the Industrial Management Committee (IMC) and the ITI College will be to impart skills and produce employable manpower,\" said IMC chairman, Sunil Raithaththa.\"This is a project identified under the centre for excellence under public private participation (PPP) project,\" said the principal of the institute, M B Kulkarni. \"Our mission is to promote excellence in technical education and industry, and to achieve our goal we have invited industrialist Raithaththa, managing director, Vinodrai Industries Private Ltd, to become the industry partner,\" he said.Ghansavangi is a small town in Jalna district and is well connected by road to district headquarter Jalna, which is about 50 km north. \"ITI Ghansavangi was established in August 1997 with the sole objective of imparting technical education and developing skills among youths to fulfill the rising demand of today's industry. The possibilities of employment in the government sector are declining and the youth of rural areas find themselves with limited career options. Vocational education gives them wide opportunity towards employment. The best of the latest welding technology will be made available in this institute,\" said Tope.At present the institute has five trades, such as electrician, fitter, welder (gas &amp; electric), information technology and electronic system maintenance (IT &amp; ESM), and computer operator and programming assistant (COPA).\"The objective of IMC society of ITI Ghansawangi is that skill imparted by the institute must keep pace with qualitative and technological demand of industry in the vicinity and expanding universe of knowledge. In the pursuance of this objective, the center has been established,\" said Raithatha.\"Through this project, students will experience and understand real life situation in industrial organisation and their related environment. They will be provided exposure to practice and apply the acquired knowledge in the working environment. Trainees can also gain experience to select the optimal solution in handling a situation. This will help them develop a sense of responsibility towards society,\" said Raithaththa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438803", "title": "Life started when I met Kidman: Keith Urban", "text": "Singer Keith Urban says his life began when he met actress wife Nicole Kidman.The couple got married in 2006 and have two daughters Sunday Rose, 4 and Faith Margaret, 2 and Urban says meeting his life partner was more than just a life changing moment.\"I wouldn't say it was a life-changing moment because it was more than that. It was when my life started. That's the only way I can describe it. Meeting Nic was that profound for me,\" mirror.co.uk quoted Urban as saying.Urban, 45, is thankful that Kidman shares a similar ideology with him.\"Before then I didn't really know what I was doing. Now I know exactly what I'm doing and it all makes sense,\" Urban said.\"I feel very, very fortunate that I've met somebody like Nic and we share the same kind of ideology,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435523", "title": "Lokayukta orders sealing of fire-ravaged apartment", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lokayukta Justice B Subhashan Reddy on Friday directed the metropolitan commissioner of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) to seal the Baba Nivas apartment at Puppalguda, which was ravaged by fire a few days ago resulting in eight deaths.Justice Reddy further directed that the building should not be allowed for occupation till it is renovated and meets all fire safety norms.Pulling up the police officials investigating the case, he said that G Srinivasa Rao, owner of the plot, was not made an accused and the legal provisions were not quoted properly for prosecuting Vijay Kumar , owner of the shed that stored film props from where the fire started. The Lokayukta directed the principal secretary, revenue department, Cyberabad police commissioner, district collector and the metropolitan commissioner of HMDA to file compliance reports by December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435038", "title": "MCOCA accused on the run for 9 days surrenders", "text": "AURANGABAD: MCOCA accused Vijay Sarjerao Bade (25), who was on run since November 21 after throwing chilli powder into the eyes of the police party bringing him back from Ahmednagar court, surrendered on Friday afternoon in the MCOCA court, which sent him to Harsul central prison.Following the escape of the accused, on the directions of commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar , four policemen escorting the three MCOCA accused to Ahmednagar court were suspended by deputy commissioner of police (Headquarter) Somnath Gharge on November 22. The suspended cops included an assistant sub-inspector DM Badiye and three members of his constabulary team NJ Rathod, KM Sontakke and GA Shelke. They were found guilty of dereliction of duty.The incident took place, while the police team was taking the accused from the Central bus stand to Mill Corner, where a van was waiting to carry them back to Harsul central prison on November 21 around 8.30 pm.Three accused identified as Vijay Sarjerao Bade, Abhay Bhaskar Pohre and Deepak Dattatray Jawale from Ahmednagar district are on police record for various serious offences including gang rape, theft and dacoity. These accused were kept in Harsul prison and were serving a three and a half year term in a dacoity case.Last Wednesday, the police team took the trio to Ahmednagar for their hearing in one of the criminal case. On the way back, they were supposed to be taken back to Harsul in a police van. Before they could reach the van, one of the accused threw chilli powder at the police party. Bade ran away with the handcuffs, while the other two accused tried to flee but were caught.Highly placed police sources said, \"During the preliminary investigation we have learnt that the accused being a history sheeter had a good study of the police's course of action after an accused flees, so Bade neither went to the bus stand nor to the railway station, instead he ran towards Waluj and hid in crops at a farm in Waluj. He stayed there for three days. He kept walking through the fields and finally reached Devgarh in Newasa of Ahmednagar district, around 80 km from here. The accused had around Rs 500 which helped him get by for nine days, added the policemen.Under the directions of senior inspector Rameshwar Thorat, in-charge, city crime branch, two teams led by assistant inspector Krishna Shinde and sub-inspector Harish Khatavkar laid traps at all possible hide-outs of the accused, forcing him to surrender. After reaching Devgarh, he contacted his father who informed him about the manhunt launched by the Aurangabad crime branch to nab him and the consequences of throwing chilli powder into the cops' eyes and fleeing. He made him surrender inat the MCOCA court on Friday around 1 pm.\"Our teams were constantly visiting Bade's family and made them understand the gravity, following which the accused fearing the law appeared in the MCOCA court on Friday and surrendered,\" said a senior crime official.Why MCOCA?Vijay Sarjerao Bade, Abhay Bhaskar Pohre and Deepak Dattatray Jawale have been booked under the stringent MCOCA law after they allegedly gang raped a tourist at a secluded place in Ashti tehsil on Beed-Nagar road in 2010. The victim later turned out to be a gazetted officer from Pune, who along with her husband had come to visit Parli Vaijnath in Beed district. The accused had allegedly committed the heinous crime, the very next day after being released from prison in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436597", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKeep law literacy simple\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In line with the decision of the Punjab and Haryana high court, it will be mandatory for undergraduate students at colleges affiliated to Panjab University to take the legal literacy as a subject. An announcement to the effect was made at the principal's conference at PU campus on Friday.Reacting to the announcement, principals feel the subject should be made simple to read and understand,while college students said the new addition must not be allowed to add to the existing load on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436416", "title": "Only 5 ft water left in TG Halli", "text": "BANGALORE: The morning schedule has been badly upset in the Chandrashekharan household in Subramanya Nagar. For over a fortnight now, the family has been waking up before 4am to do a chore they can't afford to miss out on - filling up water in drums, buckets, mugs, utensils, even glasses. For, water in this Bangalore north west area comes once in four days. And they are lucky if they can fill up half a drum at least because supply lasts for only an hour.The scene is no different in hundreds of households across Bangalore north and west in the past fortnight as acute water crisis grips these parts of the city. Reason: There is only five feet water left in the Thippagondanahalli reservoir which supplies water to Bangalore west, north west and north east.BangaloreWater Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) engineer-in chief T Venkataraju told TOI: \"We have shut down all pumps as there is no water to draw from the reservoir. We are now taking water from the Cauvery lines to supply water to these areas to mitigate the crisis.'' For Parvathi Chandrashekharan, water has become the costliest essential commodity. Not surprising, as she spends over Rs 2,600 per month on water. \"Earlier we used to get water from BWSSB twice a week but now we get supply only once in four days and that too for an hour during late evening or before 4am. We shell out additional Rs 500 per week to get water through tankers,\" says Parvathi.This Subramanya Nagar resident's woes resonate in households in Malleswaram, BEL Layout, RT Nagar, Sanjaynagar, RMV 2nd stage, Dollars Colony, parts of Vidyaranyapura in north and north-eastern parts of the city and Nagarbhavi, Sukandkatte, Rajajinagar and Mahalakshmi Layout in north-west - all of which face acute water shortage.Senior officials in the North-east division of BWSSB admit that the crisis has hit since Diwali after the reservoir dried up. \"We draw about three million litres of water for north-eastern division of the city per day from the Thippagondanahalli reservoir but one of the two pumps has been switched off since Diwali. We have been receiving number of complaints over the past few days from residents of these areas,\" said PL Amrutesh, executive engineer, North-East division, BWSSB.Sources said that until the water supply is regularized from Cauvery stage 4 phase 2 in the outskirts, the crisis will continue.Thippagondanahalli reservoir is about 35 km away from the city and supplies water to western and parts of north Bangalore. The dam supplies 30 million litres per day to many parts of Bangalore. BWSSB officials said that the water capacity in the reservoir is reducing even as demand rises.Affected AreasBEL Layout, Anandnagar, JP Park, Mathikere, Malleswaram, RT Nagar, parts of Subramanya Nagar, Vidyaranyapura, Nagarbhavi, Sukandkatte, parts of Okalipuram, Aramane Nagar, Kaval Bairansandra, Sanjaynagar, Dollars Colony, parts of Hebbal and Kodigehalli, Nandhini Layout, HMT Ward, Dr Rajkumar Ward, Mahalakshmi Layout, parts of Sriram Mandir and RajajinagarSajala forms for new connectionsBWSSB has notified citizens to fill Sajala application forms for taking new water connections in Pattanagere, Kenchenahally, Javaregowdanadoddi , Krishna Garden, Mailasandra, Omkar Layout, Royal Reflex Layout, Sweet Homes Layout, Channasandra, Halagevaderahally village area, Marippanapalya, Jnanabharathi layout, Nagadevanahally and Valgerahally blocks (BDA pockets), Bhuvaneswarinagara Layout, Jagajyothinagara Layout, Upadyaya Layout, Gajanananagara and Hegganahally Cross Roads, parts of Srinivasanagara, Karimsab Layout , Ramaiah Layout, GKW Layout , Rajeswarinagara, Ganapathinagara , Parvathinagara, Peenya Industrial area, 2nd and 3rd Phase of 2nd stage Peenya, Shivapura and Laggere. Residents in these areas who have not filled forms have to visit their local service stations or sub-divisional offices or download the form from the BWSSB website, www.bwssb.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436627", "title": "Display exemplary conduct: Srivastava", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After nearly 37 years of service, IPS officer and Chandigarh DGP Pradeep Srivastava retired on Friday. Srivastava joined Chandigarh police as inspector general in February, 2010 and was promoted to the rank of DGP on August 29, 2012. Before this, he served at key positions in like Delhi, Goa, Andaman and Nicobar.The DGP's farewell parade comprised nine contingents of police units. During his stint as deputy commissioner of police, (PCR) in Delhi, he was instrumental in the setting up of a modern police control room. As deputy commissioner of police (crime), Delhi, he busted an international match-fixing racket involving former South African cricket captain Hansie Cronje.As superintendent of police in Andaman and Nicobar, he took keen interest in the protection of \"jarawa\" tribe. Highlighting Srivastava's achievements in Chandigarh, Rajinder Singh Ghumman, senior superintendent of police (operations, Chandigarh) said, \"Srivastava reinvented the beat patrolling system and took interest in community policing. He is instrumental in allotting 60 acres of land to provide accommodation to 1,600 policemen.\"DIG UT Alok Kumar has been handed over charge of the IG, UT, until a regular appointment is made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17437856", "title": "US asks India to consult IAEA on nuclear liability law", "text": "WASHINGTON: To enter the international mainstream civil nuclear commerce, a top US official has said India should consult International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on its nuclear liability law as a means to ensure the objective.\"While we understand that India's law is currently being examined by the courts, we believe that consultations with the IAEA would be useful as a means to ensure that the liability law accomplishes our shared objective of moving India into the international mainstream of civil nuclear commerce,\" principal deputy assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asian Affairs Geoffrey Pyatt has said.In his remarks to the Pillsbury NEI Nuclear Export Controls Seminar in Washington, Pyatt identified the nuclear liability law as a major challenge in implementing the historic India-US civilian nuclear deal.A copy of his remarks was released by the State Department on Friday.\"India's nuclear liability law is not in line with the international nuclear liability principles reflected in the Convention on Supplementary Compensation for Nuclear Damage,\" he said.\"Current liability law and regulations impose the risk of a heavy financial burden on equipment suppliers seeking to enter the Indian market and expose such companies to the risk of significant financial penalty in the event of a nuclear accident, neither of which is consistent with international standards,\" Pyatt observed.\"Without a law consistent with this convention in place, companies from the United States as well as other nations will find it difficult to participate in India's nuclear power expansion plans,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435955", "title": "Patient vanishes, hospital clueless", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old HIV positive homeless woman, Neeta (name changed) admitted to Lok Nayak Hospital on Tuesday, vanished from the hospital premises. The doctors in charge simply declared her \"absconding\" and forgot about her. Police acted only on Thursday when activists from NGO Sudinalay-run Kabir Basti Shelter Home for women registered a complaint with the police post in charge of the hospital.The voluntary organization in the complaint demands a thorough probe, saying disappearance of the ailing woman cannot be dismissed as a case of a \"missing person\". SHO IP Estate Raghuraj Khatana confirmed that a complaint about Neeta's mysterious disappearance was received from the NGO on Thursday. But for now, the police are treating the case like a \"missing person\" complaint only.LNJP medical superintendent Richa Dewan, too, cited the rule book, saying the patient was not found on the allotted bed after admission by the visiting doctor. \"As per the procedure, we wait for the patient for six hours and if he or she does not return to the ward we fill an \"absconding form\" and send it to the police post of the hospital for further inquiry. This was done in this case too,\" Dewan told TOI. On being asked about the hospital's responsibility towards unattended patients, Dewan steered clear of taking responsibility. She went on to cite the pressure on doctors, claiming that it was not possible to monitor every patient.Neeta's struggle comes through in the police complaint. She had been living at a women's shelter run by NGO Sudinalay in Kabir Basti in north Delhi for the last eight years. The complaint says the NGO had found her in acute distress at one of the dumps near Nigambodh Ghat. \"At the time of rescue, her body was infested with maggots. She said she was sexually abused on the street. She had no family and no income,\" says the complaint.Delhi's women and child development minister Kiran Walia said hospitals need to deal with cases of unattended destitute and homeless patients with sensitivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434264", "title": "Bombay High Court asks Nagpur University to re-reassess engineering students' answer sheets", "text": "NAGPUR: Peeved by the undervaluation of their answer-books and alleged harassment meted out to them, 106 engineering students of Nagpur University had moved Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday. A division bench comprising justices Ashok Bhangale and Ravi Deshpande while pulling up NU, asked it to re-reassess answer-sheets of eight students on preliminary basis within two weeks. The judges also asked Tejaswini Khade appearing for NU to get the papers rechecked by independent evaluators who had not worked with NU till date. Newly-appointed NU standing counsel Purushottam Patil assisted her.The court, however, refused the demand of students to defer the third semester exam beginning from December 3. Appearing on behalf of students, Neeta Jog and Richa Inamdar told the court that NU had received over 6,000 complaints of undervaluation and discrepancies in totaling regarding this year's summer exam. TOI had first reported about NU controller of examinations (CoE) receiving these many complaints in its November 8 edition.The judges expressed concern over the way answer-sheets were evaluated and also compared some answers with that in the book. After finding similarities, they flayed the university and asked NU counsel how the student could be awarded zero mark when prima facie the answer seemed right as per the book. They also criticized NU for its failure to name the lecturers who were on the revaluation panel whether their teaching experience was of over 15 years.Students claim their answers weren't valued at all and there were totaling mistakes. They were awarded zero marks despite writing correct answers and they got the answers checked through their college teachers. Even the revaluation was also marred by irregularities, as en masse, papers were marked \"no-change\". To add to the woes, NU declared revaluation results after four months against the norm of 45 days which resulted in them losing out a year. These results were, in fact, declared just two days before the next exam's commencement. They pleaded that though NU had deferred the entire engineering exams by about one and half months, they were not granted any relief. Many of these students were failed by just one or two marks and if they had cleared the exam, they would have saved their academic year.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436607", "title": "BRTS to miss fourth deadline as well", "text": "BHOPAL: The completion of the Bus Rapid Transit system (BRTS) corridor in the state capital is all set to miss its fourth deadline of December 2012. While work along the BRTS stretch is going on at snails pace BMC officials admit, \"It is taking a bit longer than expected.\"Devendra Tiwari, BMC chief engineer and in-charge of BRTS told TOI, \"It is not possible to deploy all the labour along the entire stretch of 24 kilometre BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh at the same time. Therefore, we are completing the work in parts.\"About the BRTS missing the December deadline, he said, \"We had promised that the civil work which includes only construction and asphalt of roads and installing railings will be completed by December 2012. Now only a stretch from Habibganj crossing to Board Office traffic square is pending, the rest of the corridor is almost complete,\" Tiwari said, adding, \"The electrical work of installing poles for street lights will be completed by March 2013. So far as the bridges are concerned, it may take another year for the two fly-over bridges and the rail over-bridge to complete.\"However, requesting anonymity BMC officials said, \"The design of the fly over bridge at Moti Masjid is likely to be altered after the controversy that the current design would hide the historical monument.\"The cash starved corporation, that promised to complete the work before the monsoons this year, has extended its deadline till December. The BMC is constructing this 24 km long BRTS corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh. The corporation has already overshot three deadlines for completing this corridor in February 2011, December 2011 and March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436685", "title": "Dimple, Akshay file counter petition against Anita Advani", "text": "Actor Dimple Kapadia on Friday filed a petition in the Bombay High Court asserting she was late superstar Rajesh Khanna's legally wedded wife till his death, and no other woman thus could seek a share in his vast wealth by claiming to have been in a relationship with him.Dimple's petition, supported by another almost identical plea submitted by her son-in-law Akshay Kumar, follows just days after a magistrate's court in Bandra suggested that she arrive at a settlement with Anita Advani, who claims to have been in a live-in relationship with Khanna and has sought access to his palatial Carter Road bungalow 'Aashirwad' and a monthly maintenance of Rs 10 lakh.Advani has filed a case of domestic violence against Dimple, her two daughters Twinkle and Rinki, and son-in-law Akshay Kumar for evicting her from Aashirwad after Khanna's death on July 18.While Dimple's position on being Khanna's wife is technically correct, it's common knowledge that she was estranged from her husband for many years and lived a separate life. She and her daughters, who rallied around the superstar only during his last days, have now closed ranks again against Advani.Twinkle and Rinki will soon file separate petitions in the high court rejecting Advani's claim to their late father's wealth and monthly maintenance.Khanna's sprawling sea-facing bungalow worth Rs 200 crore is at the centre of this dispute. There are several other apartments, commercial properties and plots of land that make up Khanna's nearly Rs 500 crore fortune.Dimple and Akshay's petitions claim that by Advani's own admission she was thrown out of 'Aashirwad' by Khanna on several occasions and thus a case of domestic violence should have been filed then. \"The fact that she chose to move court nearly three months after Khanna's death shows that her only intention is to grab property .\"Replying to Advani's claim made before the magistrate's court that 'Aashirwad' was in a shambles for many years and that it was repaired and refurbished only on her insistence, the twin petitions claim it only demonstrates that Advani and Khanna were friends. The petitions have been mentioned for urgent hearing by Dimple and Akshay's advocate Girish Kulkarni and are likely to be heard on Monday by Justice K U Chandiwal.To Advani's charge that Khanna's thumb impression on a will was taken by Akshay and Twinkle when he was medically unfit to understand what he was doing, the petitions say that the will has been duly probated. While Advani has claimed that she was in a \"domestic relationship\" with Khanna in a \"shared household,\" the petitions site a letter she wrote to the the nailing star just two days before his death in which she did not say anything about the relationship.In the letter, the petitions claim, Advani admitted that Khanna had only pursued her to be his \"girlfriend.\"Dimple and Akshay have described the magistrate court's suggestion that they arrive at settlement with Advani as unreasonable and sought a stay on proceedings before the Bandra court till the high court decides on their petitions.Advani's lawyer, advocate Manohar Shetty, on Friday claimed he had no knowledge of the petitions before the high court. \"We will check and will fight tooth and nail and take this case to its logical conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436386", "title": "Friends, family party as Karanvir turns one", "text": "LUDHIANA: The excitement of celebrating the first birthday of a new born was evident on the faces of Harpreet Singh and Jasbir Kaur, as their son Karanvir turned a-year-old on Friday.The Gill Road residents threw a grand party at a city hotel for family and friends after starting the day with a visit to the Alamgir Sahib Gurdwara on Malerkotla Road along with Karanvir's grandparents Jaswinder Singh and Paramjit Kaur and uncle and aunt Amandeep Singh and Mandeep Kaur.While the Singh residence hosted guests coming to bless their son on his first birthday with gifts, the evening was reserved for a party at the hotel, where about 150 guests turned up to celebrate.Karanvir's elated father said his \"champ's\" birthday had to be celebrated in a grand way as it was his first. \"He has been a source of extreme happiness for us ever since his birth, and today, the entire neighbourhood and friends and family turned up to wish him best,\" said Harpreet, 31, a businessman.His mother Jasprit Kaur, 28, a homemaker, was busy since morning looking after the guests along with sister-in-law Mandeep Kaur.While Karanvir's four-year-old cousin Harleen gave him a handmade card to her little \"babu\" on his birthday, another cousin of his, Mandeep, 24, surprised the family by turning up from Australia with a lot of gifts like a Santa Claus much before Christmas.\"I am here just to celebrate Karanvir's birthday and to enjoy the evening with family and friends,\" said Mandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17436988", "title": "Plea against investigation officer in Amar Singh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s case adjourned", "text": "KANPUR: The designated court of Prevention of Corruption Act on Thursday adjourned the proceedings against Ramesh Chandra Azad, sub-inspector, economic offences wing of CB-CID on the submission of petitioner Shivakant TripathiRamesh Chandra Azad was an investigation officer in an embezzlement case against Amar Singh which was registered on complaint of Shivakant Tripathi.Tripathi had lodged a complaint against Azad with the Hazaratganj police on July 10, 2011 and stated that the IO in the case against Amar Singh had colluded with the accused with an intention to give illegal benefit to him. He was doctoring the documents.He favoured the accused and used humiliating notes in his investigation report. He had never recorded his statement but fabricated the same in his report. Therefore, a report against Ramesh Chandra Azad be registered and the matter investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16235740", "title": "Tummy tuck vs. diet and exercise", "text": "A flat and shapely abdomen tells a lot about you \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that you take care of yourself, that your overall health is sound and most importantly, you officially get the stamp of 'droolworthy' on you!It is said that a tummy tuck is a shortcut to sexy, flat abs. But plastic surgeons and cosmetologists say that with the help of exercises and a good diet, one can do even better.Benefits of exercise are multifarious \"The benefits of a healthy diet and exercise are multifarious. Besides improving your general well-being, these two are very good ways to beat a tummy tuck,\" says Dr Swati Srivastava, dermatologist.A senior cosmetic surgeon, Dr Mohan Thomas, believes that a flat abdomen means you are healthy. He says, \"This not only indicates optimal strength and endurance of the person, but also his nutritional choices and a healthy lifestyle. So, if diet and exercise are taken care of from a very early stage in one's life, the chances for a surgical tummy tuck are considerably low.\"Dr Sunita More, plastic surgeon, states that diet and exercise can beat a tummy tuck in unmarried women with a good skin tone and less body fat in the tummy region.Healthy diet can work wonders, though it takes time A healthy diet, combined with the right exercise, is a sure-shot way to a flatter tummy, say experts. However, one needs to be focused and knowledgeable. Dr Srivastava says, \"Reduced calorie and fat intake in diet will make your body use its reserves of stored fat. Exercising daily will increase the body's metabolism and strengthen the core muscles of the abdomen. For this, you should do more of cardio workouts and abdomen-strengthening exercises. Crunches will definitely help in achieving a flat tummy.\"Dr Thomas adds, \"Changing your eating and exercise habits will also shrink your stomach, though it will take more time.\"Tummy tuck needs maintenance with exercise and diet Even if you opt for a tummy tuck, to maintain the results of the surgery, you would need to do regular exercises and eat a proper, nutritious diet, keeping in mind your calorie intake.Dr Srivastava asserts, \"When abdomen and back-strengthening exercises are done synergistically along with a well-balanced diet, a good tucked-in tummy can be achieved.\"Ugly folds and pregnancy Lifestyle, a technically advanced society and added stress levels have lead to an obesity epidemic. Once the weight gain has occurred, it is possible to reduce it through exercise and diet, say experts. \"But this leaves an oversized envelope of skin, which had covered a fatter you. The skin, too, can remodel to some extent, but then it will leave some ugly folds,\" states Dr Thomas.This is a problem particularly in females who tend to get fat deposits around the lower abdomen, post pregnancy. During pregnancy, there is a phenomenal increase in the girth of the abdomen because of the growing foetus. After delivery, however, there is significant recoil. Nonetheless, there is a fair chance of those loose folds of skin and muscle, which once covered the pregnant abdomen, remaining. With diet and exercise, only the fat issue can be addressed. Minor muscle abnormalities may also get toned up in some. \"However, in vast majority, the lower abdomen is never the same as it was in their pre-pregnant state,\" he adds.Non-surgical tucks? There are multiple advertisements about non-surgical tucks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d made more tempting with fantastic before-after images \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that make people hopeful. Dr Thomas says, \"Such promises need to be taken with a pinch of salt. Many give forged results or show someone who never got a tummy tuck done.\"What does a tummy tuck surgery do? A tummy tuck surgery flattens the abdomen, tightens stomach muscles, and smoothens the skin, all in one go. But, even after the surgery, one needs to follow a strict regimen of diet and exercise to keep away excess fat. So, surgery is not a substitute for diet and exercise. Neither are diet and exercise a substitute for surgery. What matters is a proper balance of the two.Dr More, explains, \"Following pregnancy, or in persons with large fat deposits, diet and exercise will alone not help. Once the weight is lost, the skin will become loose and flabby.This is unsightly and therefore, a tummy tuck is necessary. It not only gets rid of loose, flabby skin, but also erases the stretch marks. It gives you that flat, washboard tummy without bulges. Nothing can replace tummy tuck in people with large abdomen.\"debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434008", "title": "Election mess: BFA office-bearers face corruption charges", "text": "MUMBAI: Irregularities in elections to sports bodies in India hardly make news these days. But ever heard of an election where neither secret ballot nor voting takes place, where nominations get cancelled on Election Day mysteriously, where fake representatives are allowed to participate and vote, and hired goons are posted at the gates to bar opposing candidates from entering the voting premises?It might sound strange, but something of that sort happened during the Bihar Football Association (BFA) elections held on November 1. Four candidates - Parshuram Pandey (vying for president's post from Bhojpur district), Ghayasul Haque (contesting for secretary from Aurangabad), Jwala Prasad (secretary, from Nawada) and Subodh Kumar Verma (secretary, from West Champaran) - were stopped from entering Hashmat Palace in Muzaffarpur, the venue for elections and BFA's quadrennial meeting, let alone taking part in it.\"There was virtually no election. We were read out a list of people who had been elected unopposed. None of the representatives from any district association was allowed to vote, nor was anyone allowed to contest against the chosen names. There was even no prior intimation about the election; we reached the venue on our own accord,\" alleged Shashi Bhushan Prasad Sinha, president of Samastipur District Football Association, who was a witness to the proceedings.Insiders claim more than 25 secretaries from different districts were \"paid good money\" for their approvals to the newly-elected individuals. It is even alleged that All India Football Federation (AIFF) observer, S Mukherjee, acted in connivance with current secretary Imtiaz Hussain. There is mystery surrounding the candidature of Hashim Raza as well, who is not associated with any district association but was elected as a council member from West Champaran. This, Sinha says, is in clear violation of the BFA bylaws, which states that one needs to be either a secretary, vice-president or president of a district association to take part in the BFA elections.\"We were threatened of physical assault by armed men if we tried to interfere with the (election) proceedings or enter the venue. We had no option but to wait outside and by the time we somehow got in, the elected names were already announced,\" alleged Ghayasul Haque, who contested as vice-president of the Aurangabad district unit. \"My nomination was rejected on the grounds that my district is not affiliated to the BFA, even though I have been part of it since more than a decade,\" he added.All this arm-twisting is because of the revenue that is generated by districts through registration of players and clubs besides inter-district and inter-state transfers. The BFA gains not less than Rs 4 lakh annually for all of the above.Meanwhile, the warring faction have already lodged an RTI query on November 3 to ascertain the grounds of their rejection and are planning to take the legal route if justice is not done. \"Depending on the RTI response we will file a case in the Aurangabad district court, and if need be, even knock the Patna High Court for justice,\" Haque informed.However, Hussain brushed aside the allegations. \"People spread this kind of rumours after losing elections. Proper election procedure was followed throughout... If they want to file a case, they are free to do it. We will take proper action as we have documents to substantiate our standings.\"(with inputs from Sourav Modak)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438911", "title": "Lindsay Lohan needs help, says her assistant", "text": "Lindsay Lohan's personal assistant feels the troubled actress is in desperate need of help.Lohan was arrested Thursday on charges of an alleged altercation with a woman at a nightclub here. Gavin Doyle, Lohan's personal assistant, reportedly bailed the star out of jail, and he has since reached out to the actress over her latest drama, reports dailystar.\"Lindsay lohan after bailing you out last night I hope and pray you get the help you so desperately need. We are all rooting for you... Life is not a movie. It is a reality that needs to be faced,\" Doyle posted on Twitter.Lohan had allegedly punched a female party-goer in the face at Club Avenue, following a night out at Justin Bieber's Madison Square Gardens gig.She was later released from police custody after being booked on a third-degree misdemeanour assault charge.The incident is the latest in a string of legal woes faced by the star, who could face jail time over the alleged assault as she remains on probation from a shoplifting charge from 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435142", "title": "Supreme Court to decide Cauvery water row after CM-level talks fail", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the chief minister-level talks failed to make any headway on sharing of Cauvery water, the Supreme Court on Friday sought details of the water requirement by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka and the present storage level prior to Monday's hearing on TN's demand for urgent release of additional water.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur asked the two states to furnish by Saturday \"undisputed\" documents relating to the quantity of water needed by both states as well as the storage level after it was informed about the failure of the CM-level talks, which was held at the prodding of the court.The two chief ministers - J Jayalalithaa of Tamil Nadu and Jagdish Shettar of Karnataka - met on Thursday after the court's observation on Monday why the two CMs could not adopt a give and take attitude and achieve an amicable solution in a congenial atmosphere. With both sides refusing to budge from their stated positions, the meeting predictably ended in a stalemate.Monday's counsel and senior advocate C S Vaidyanathan lost no time in informing the court about the distress situation faced by farmers because of non-release of water by Karnataka. He said the first crop had already been lost and the second would also meet the same fate if the upper riparian state did not release 30 TMC feet water for 14 days from December 1. He said fear of suicide by farmers was looming large.Karnataka's counsel and senior advocate Anil B Divan said famers in the upper riparian state too faced a distress situation and required 78 TMC feet of water during December 1-14, if the standing crops were to be protected. Divan said Karnataka was not in a position to release any more water than the present flow as the storage level in the dam was just 70 TMC feet.DELHI: A BJP delegation on Friday lodged a formal protest with the Election Commission (EC) against the Centre's announcement of the direct cash transfer scheme ahead of Gujarat polls. The delegation, comprising senior leader L K Advani and Leaders of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, has alleged violation of the model code of conduct and demanded its withdrawal in the interest of free and fair election in Gujarat.The EC is said to have sought a reply from the government on the BJP's complaint. A reply is expected on Saturday, based on which the Commission will take a decision.The BJP delegation on Friday handed over a memorandum to Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath requesting the poll panel's intervention to ensure that the Centre's announcement does not influence voting in Gujarat. It urges the EC to take serious note of the \"blatant\" violation of the model code of conduct by the UPA in announcing the scheme.\"We request the Commission to direct the government to withdraw the announcement and defer it to an appropriate time after the completion of the election process in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh,\" the memorandum said.Incidentally, the direct cash transfer scheme covers not only Gujarat but the entire country. According to EC sources, the Commission can at most stop implementation of populist schemes in a poll-bound state, until the polls are completed. Also, the cash scheme rolls out only in January, while the Gujarat polls will be over in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17436379", "title": "What ups partner-violence odds", "text": "WASHINGTON: Partner violence is two times more likely to occur in households where both partners are working compared to those where only one partner works, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the Sam Houston State University took telephone interviews with 303 women who identified themselves as either currently or recently in a serious romantic relationship.Based on the Fourth Annual Texas Crime Victimisation Survey, a total of 67% of these women, who ranged in age from 18 to 81, reported some form of physical or psychological victimization by their partner during the preceding two year period. The study found that more than 60% of women in heterosexual working couples reported victimization, while only 30% of women reported victimization in cases when only the male partner was employed.While differences in education levels appeared to have little influence on intimate partner violence, when both partners were working, intimate partner violence increased . \"When both male and females were employed, the odds of victimization were more than two times higher than when the male was the only breadwinner, lending support to the idea that female employment may challenge male authority in a relationship,\" said Franklin and Menaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17436952", "title": "High court asks govt to get serious about controlling dengue", "text": "MADURAI: Insisting on serious action against dengue, the Madurai Bench of the Madras High Court on Friday directed the government to arrange round-the-clock medical help for dengue-affected patients till normalcy is restored in the state. The court has mandated that the government depute sufficient number of doctors, both allopathic and traditional medicine, in dengue-affected villages.The court directed the secretary of the family welfare department to clearly explain the dengue situation before the court and ordered the district collector of Madurai to file a report on actions taken in controlling dengue in Melur taluk, details of dengue patients admitted in government hospitals and the number of persons who died due to dengue, within the next three weeks. The PIL reported that 45 people died due to dengue in Melur.Two PILs have been filed before the bench seeking suitable compensation for the kin of victims of dengue as well as a direction to the state to give sufficient medical facilities to dengue patients.Both petitions came up before the bench comprising justices K N Basha and P Devadass on Friday.After seeing photographs submitted by the petitioners, showing leakage in drainage pipes near Melur GH, the court asked the pleaders who represent the state government to handle the dengue issue in a very effective manner.\"The issue of dengue has become very serious. It should be considered very seriously,\" the bench told the government pleaders who informed the court that the authorities have taken various steps to curtail dengue including conducting medical camps in dengue-affected villages.One of the petitioners, R R Ramesh, who appeared in person, requested the court to direct the government to provide compensation to the kin of dengue victims. To this, the bench said the authorities should first file an action taken report and then compensation will be deliberated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17434706", "title": "Now, journalist\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Facebook account hacked to post Thackeray images", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438834", "title": "Fatherhood on Quentin Tarantino's mind?", "text": "Acclaimed filmmaker Quentin Tarantino is going to be 50 next year, but he does not rule out becoming a father. However, he is not desperate for fatherhood either.The \"Pulp Fiction\" director, who briefly dated Oscar winning actress Mira Sorvino , admits he did have a \"little baby fever\" for a while but \"got over it\", reports dailystar.co.uk.In an interview to Playboy magazine , Tarantino has said that he isn't against the idea of giving up life as an eligible bachelor and starting a family.\"I've had things that have almost worked out but haven't, where I thought I'd get married and have kids. I'm not necessarily against it anymore,\" said the 49-year-old.\"The movie I'm working on ('Django Unchained') is my baby, but I'm in an open time in my life right now, and I'm kind of interested to see what's going to happen next,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435176", "title": "Indian Air Force fills key slots", "text": "NEW DELHI: In two crucial appointments in the IAF, Air Marshal R K Sharma is going to take over as the new Eastern Air Command chief at Shillong, while Air Marshal S Sukumar will replace him as the new IAF deputy chief at the Air Headquarters here on Saturday.Air Marshal Sharma will be in-charge of IAF in the entire eastern theatre at a time when India is undertaking a massive upgrade of military infrastructure in the region to strategically counter China. Air Marshal Sukumar will guide all the modernization plans of the force, including the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 French Rafale fighters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17434528", "title": "Private shacks putting up illegal beach beds, says Shack Owners' Welfare Society", "text": "CALANGUTE: John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners' Welfare Society, has added a new twist to the simmering beach beds controversy.In a representation made to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday, he has claimed that it is the private beach shacks which are actually putting up illegal beach beds.\"Private beach shacks are not allowed to put up any deck beds on the beach in front of their properties, but all over Calangute, they have been putting up a large number of beach beds by encroaching on the public beach,\" he told TOI.\"I think action should be taken against private shacks which are actually operating right on the beach and putting up beach beds illegally. The police on the beach are not doing their job,\" he said, adding, \"that means we who operate the shacks on tourism department land have to follow the law and they, private operators, are allowed to do what they want. I've written a memorandum to the tourism director and the chief minister on Thursday to take action or if they're not taking action against them, then we should also be allowed to put up as many beds as possible.\"That apart, it is learnt that to tide over the reduction of beach beds, shack operators have been putting mattresses on the beach for the convenience of tourists who do not get deck beds.Shack operators, requesting anonymity, said that nowhere in the shack policy is it mentioned that they can't put mattresses on the beach for the convenience of tourists, but still during the raid last Monday on beach shack operators in Gauravaddo, Calangute, foreign tourists who were resting on mattresses were chased away by armed policemen and the mattresses seized.This is bound to create a negative impression, they say, and could affect tourism.A senior official of the tourism department, said that though a large number of beach shacks in the northern coastal belt have been found to be violating the terms and conditions, like the size of shacks and number of beach beds, only a few have been served notices, and even those are unlikely to be demolished because of the strong opposition, at least till the peak season gets over.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said the violations are extensions made to the shacks to store empty bottles, waste, etc, and they are a practical necessity. The government is also yet to take a decision on increasing the number of shacks on the recovered beach at Sinquerim since that would mean changing the entire beach shack policy for which a cabinet nod is required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17433981", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Mumbai look for turnaround", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai bowlers may have been short of ideas about how to take wickets on flat tracks, but the tinge of green on the CCI wicket will give hope to the hosts to script a turnaround in their Ranji fortunes against Bengal, starting Saturday.The 39-time champions are winless after three games so far, but Mumbai skipper Rohit Sharma probably has the right to bemoan the dead wickets that his side has had to play on.\"We failed to get an outright victory in the last three games, but I feel our bowlers did a good job. We played on flat wickets and there wasn't anything for the bowlers. Restricting Rajasthan to 478, I feel, was commendable. The CCI wicket always offers some bounce and there will be something for the spinners on Day 3 and 4. The wicket looks very hard and there's some grass on it too. There will be something for the fast bowlers as well. This game will be very crucial for us,\" Rohit said ahead of their Group 'A' encounter against Bengal on Friday.Mumbai's last game against Hyderabad proved to be a run fest with big knocks from Rohit (112) and Hiken Shah (156) in their first innings. But Hyderabad pummeled the Mumbai bowlers to log three points for taking the first innings lead.For Mumbai, veteran opening batsman Wasim Jaffer will make a comeback after he missed the first three games due to Haj pilgrimage. Suryakumar Yadav , who suffered a groin injury against Hyderabad, is also fit to play and so is seamer Dhawal Kulkarni. Only Ajit Agarkar will sit out as he hasn't recovered completely from a sore calf suffered during Mumbai's opening game against Railways.For Bengal, their skipper Manoj Tiwary is back after nursing a wrist injury. Tiwary, who visited the NCA for a check-up after the Gujarat game, watched Bengal get thrashed by Madhya Pradesh from the sidelines. The visitors are fifth on the table with six points behind third-placed Mumbai (on seven points). Bengal frittered away a wonderful opportunity to post an outright win against Gujarat despite having them on the mat. Tiwary, who scored 191 in the game, urged his top four batsmen to consistently produce big knocks.\"We shouldn't have lost against Punjab and Madhya Pradesh... We failed as a batting group. We were in a good position against Gujarat. Against MP too our batsmen came a cropper. Despite winning the toss, our bowlers failed to make much use of the green top. I also missed that game due to my wrist injury. So, our batting has to improve significantly,\" Tiwary said.Bengal's Anustup Majumdar is uncertain to play due to an injury but the middle-order will revolve around 'keeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha and Abhishek Jhunjhunwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438742", "title": "Daniel Craig-Kelly Brook embody ideal physique", "text": "Men and women share strikingly similar views of what constitutes the ideal shape, with both saying women should aspire to being slim-waisted but curvy, a study has found.What might not have been so obvious, was that it was women who chose the curvier body.When it came to the ideal male body, both sexes also agree that it would be muscular, with a narrow waist and wide shoulders and chest, the classic V-shaped torso, the Daily mail reported.However, men's ideal male body had a bulkier chest and bigger thighs than the version given by women.Celebrities that fit the female ideal include Kelly Brook , while Daniel Craig and Sir Chris Hoy embody male physical perfection.Newcastle University researchers quizzed 80 heterosexual students with an average age of 19 about the ideal body size and shape, both for themselves and their partners. They then used a design programme to create their ultimate body shapes.The findings reveal that both sexes selected images of women at the bottom of the healthy weight scale with a Body Mass Index of around 19, while the ideal images of men - again from both sexes - were at the top with a BMI of 25.The healthy range for BMI - a measure of weight in comparison to height - is between 18.5 and 24.9.Of the 40 women who took part in the survey, 39 designed a body slimmer than their own, even though they had a healthy weight.\"They should be happy with their shape, but this research shows that they still want to be thinner, which indicates they are at greater risk of developing an eating disorder,\" lead researcher Dr Martin Tovee said.\"In contrast, the men want to be more muscular. That requires going to the gym, and if they can't be bothered, then there is no serious harm.\"Much of what we found isn't surprising, in that healthy body shapes are also the most attractive, which from an evolutionary point of view makes sense,\" he added.The findings are published in the journal PLOS One.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436093", "title": "Lodge owner booked for not reporting foreigners", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have booked the owner of National Lodge on Nashik Road for not informing about the foreigners staying in his lodge. Iqbal Sayyad (55) has been booked under various section of the Foreign Registration Act.Senior Police Inspector of the Nashik Road Police Station, MM Bagwan said that four Bangladeshi citizens were staying at the Lodge from November 27 to 29, until the police found that Sayyad had failed to intimate the police about their stay as per the Foreign Registration Act.Bagwan said that in case a foreign citizen had visa for stay more than 180 days in India, s/he has to inform the police within 48 hours. In this case, the foreign nationals had come on a 90 day visa which does not require them intimating the police. Nevertheless the concerned lodge owner needs to inform about the same, which he failed to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436579", "title": "Drop in HIV cases in Chandigarh: Report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aggressive steps to tackle HIV/AIDS have led to a reduction in the number of cases in Chandigarh, suggests State AIDS Control Society (SACS).SACS data reveals that the prevalence of HIV in Chandigarh has dropped from .25% to .23% of the total city's population this year. Experts attribute the decline to increasing awareness and effective reaching out to high risk groups. However, the city remains in Category B, the same as Mumbai. This year's theme of World AIDS Day is \"Getting to zero: Zero new HIV infections. Zero discrimination. Zero AIDS related deaths\". According to the latest figures of UNAIDS, 2.4 million people in the country are living with HIV. The prevalence rate nationally is 0.3% of the population.SACS director Dr Vanita Gupta said, \"Out of the 21,120 pregnant women tested since 2008, 42 have tested positive. The number has reduced as there were 60 positives in 2008. However, the city comes under category B of HIV/AIDS due to injectable drug users, which is high in adjoining states of Punjab and Haryana.\" Meanwhile, the new case detection rate among walk-in voluntary testing of public in the ICTC centres of Chandigarh has declined from 7.1% in 2008 to 2.19% in 2012. This year the SACS has been sanctioned to start two more oral substitution therapy centres in the city to gradually wean off injectable drug users to oral therapy. \"We already have eight such centres,\" revealed the director.The SACS has plans to rope in college and university students for spreading the message of prevention against HIV. \"We have been working with the ITBP and will be sensitizing defence personnel also,\" said Dr Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17435374", "title": "Welfare officer caught in ACB net", "text": "WARANGAL: Deputy social welfare officer R Prabhakar was trapped by the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) while allegedly accepting bribe here on Friday. According to authorities, Prabhakar demanded Rs 30,000 from a grade-II hostel warden Muniruddin for promoting him as grade-I warden.Muniruddin had agreed to pay Rs 15,000 on Friday and after getting the promotion was supposed to pay the remaining amount. He informed the ACB authorities about Prabhakar's demand and as per their agreement Muniruddin went to the collectorate to hand over Rs 15,000. ACB DSP Sridhar and his staff rushed to the office and Prabhakar was caught red handed while accepting Rs 15,000 bribe from Muniruddin. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435117", "title": "From today, carry photo ID for train travel", "text": "AURANGABAD: In an initiative to facilitate the travel of bonafide and legitimate passengers and to reduce the scope for misuse of reserved ticketing system by unscrupulous elements/middlemen, the South Central Railways on the directions of the Ministry of Railways, has made it compulsory for commuters to carry original proof of identity during travel on reserved tickets for all reserved classes for train journey with effect from December 1.Passengers will have to carry one of these - voter photo identity card, passport, pan card, driving licence, pension pay order, ration card with photographs, senior citizens cards, below poverty line cards, ESI cards with photograph, CGHS cards, students identity card with photograph, nationalised bank passbook with photographs, credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph, Aadhaar card or photo identity cards having a serial number issued by a public sector undertakings. tnnAccording to the new provisions, passengers booked for a PNR for undertaking the journey in any reserved class has to produce one of the prescribed proofs of identity in original during the journey failing which all the passengers booked on that ticket will be treated as travelling without ticket and charged accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436203", "title": "Plea against plan to build arch near beach", "text": "CHENNAI: A former DMK legal wing functionary has filed a public interest writ petition in the Madras high court opposing the state's proposal to build an arch to mark the diamond jubilee of the TN assembly on Rajaji Salai near the Secretariat.A division bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice K K Sasidharan issued notices to the government and instructed advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan on Friday to file his response by December 6. The Tamil Nadu Assembly Diamond Jubilee Memorial Arch, for which 1.33 crore has been earmarked, is to come up between the state secretariat and War Memorial on the Rajaji Salai. An announcement to this effect was made on October 29.Noting that the arch would be tantamount to encroachment of a public road, which is prohibited by the Supreme Court, the PIL filed by M S Arasa Kumar said the plan should not be taken forward by the state government. He added the move would adversely affect traffic flow.Counsel submitted that only Rajaji Salai was free of traffic snarls as Metro Rail work was underway on other roads, and added that the stretch where the arch is planned has heavy VIP movement daily.Navaneethakrishnan questioned the maintainability of the PIL saying it had been filed by a DMK functionary with a political motive. He also pointed out that Rajaji Salai was not a state highway, and that necessary permission had been obtained from authorities. The Chennai Corporation has also adopted a resolution to that effect, he said.Justice Banumathi asked counsel for the petitioner what the latter had done in the case of other encroachments in the state. \"What are the steps he had taken to remove encroachments in other areas of the state,\" she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435545", "title": "Nasa man takes kids on startrek", "text": "MUMBAI: Ninety-six hours after Mumbai students had embarked on a journey to the stars, they undertook another mission to the asteroids and dwarf planets on Friday. The launch was from Worli's Nehru Centre.However, this time their mission commander was Jaydeep Mukherjee (51), a physics graduate of St Xavier's College and who did his master's in physics from University of Mumbai. Currently, he is director of the Nasa Florida Space Grant Consortium, which encourages students to participate in space-related projects.Mukherjee did his schooling at St Theresa's school in Bandra. The theme of his presentation was 'Nasa missions to asteroids and dwarf planets'. It marked his 12th talk at Nehru Centre which he began in 2001. Focusing on the dangers of asteroids, he said on Friday that there were 1,353 potentially hazardous asteroids that can pose a danger to the planet. Mukherjee said in 1980 there were 8,954 asteroids and the number has shot up considerably in 2012.\"The threat from asteroids has to be taken seriously because by chance if they hit the earth the consequences will be catastrophic,\" he said. \"Scientists are exploring different methods of deflecting the dangerous asteroids which included using what is known as a gravitational tractor or even a nuclear bomb,\" Mukherjee added.A gravitational tractor, he explained, will pull the asteroid into a more benign orbit and scientists in the US have done computer simulations as to how an asteroid can be destroyed with a nuclear bomb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435282", "title": "Cong ex-MP to join YSR Cong", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a setback to the Congress in the Telangana region, former Adilabad MP A Indrakaran Reddy and former MLA Koneru Konappa met YS Jaganmohan Reddy in Chanchalguda jail on Friday. Both the leaders will officially join the party next month.There has been speculation for quite some time that Indrakaran would join the YSR Congress because of his differences with local leaders and his incompatibility with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana.Speaking to TOI, Indrakaran Reddy said that Jagan had assured him that he would not come in the way if UPA wanted to introduce the Telangana bill in Parliament. The former MP said he would continue his fight to make Telangana a reality even as a member of YSR Congress.He also dismissed the buzz that YSR Congress was opposed to the formation of Telangana state. Reddy was critical of the Congress high command on Telangana and the state leadership for the sorry state of affairs in AP. \"There is no government in the state. The party is near defunct. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and Botsa Satyanarayana are preoccupied with plans and counter plans to remain in power,\" Indrakaran Reddy alleged.He said he would join the YSR Congress on December 17 at a public meeting in Niramal town where Pulivendula MLA YS Vijayamma would be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438957", "title": "Protect your skin from excessive make-up", "text": "With the party season in full swing, your skin needs a breather from all that heavy make-up. Here are a few tricks to shield your skin from the all those harmful chemicalsMake-up is an integral part of every woman's beauty routine and during the party season, you cannot expect one to compromise on that. As a result of using excessive make-up, your skin is subjected to untimely ageing, wrinkles, dark circles, blemishes, pimples, and pigmentation.To top it up, the chilly winter wind robs your skin off its natural moisture, leaving it dry and flaky, adding to further discomfort. But does that mean you stop applying make-up? Definitely not. Here are some tips on how to take care of your skin in spite of all the make-up.Always opt for a Pre make-up prepFace-Make sure your face is well-moisturised before you apply make-up. \"A well moisturised face glows from within, and therefore, less make-up is enough to make it look radiant,\" says Kapil Bhalla, make-up expert.-What to do: Wash your face with water, dab it dry and apply a layer of moisturiser suitable to your skin type. Let it soak for 15 minutes and using a cotton ball, dab off all the excess cream off your skin. Now apply a thin coat of face powder or a concealor, before applying make-up.Eyes-When it comes to skincare, your eyes are generally the most ignored part of your face, even though you use a lot of make-up around this area.-What to do: After washing your face, dab it dry and apply a generous coat of petroleum jelly on your eyelids and the under-eye area. Let it absorb for 15 minutes and then dab off excess oil with a cotton ball. Use a little face powder or regular talc on that area and brush off. Start with the first coat of eye shadow.Lips-Most vulnerable to the harsh winter winds, your lips are often left dry and get chapped, which could lead to painful cuts. Invest in a tinted lip balm that will give you some colour and moisturise your lips at the same time. Buy one that comes with an SPF protection.-What to do: Before you do up your lips for a party, apply a thick layer of lip balm on them. Rub your lips together, so that it's spread evenly across the surface and let it soak for 10 minutes. Dab off the excess with a cotton ball and apply a layer of powder on your lips. The powder will act as a barrier thereby prevent the moisture of your lips from escaping. This will also help the lip colour last longer.To remove your make-upFace-\"You may put on your make-up in the morning and keep it on for the entire day but it's absolutely crucial to remove the make-up before you go off to sleep,\" says Dr. Navin Taneja, skin expert. Layers of make-up clog your skin pores, restricting your skin from breathing, which could lead to pimples and discolouration of skin.-What to do: Wash your face with a soap-free, pH-balanced cleanser to remove all the make-up and clear the pores. If you have oily skin, go for the foam or gel-based ones for better results. Wipe your face and apply tiny drops of night cream or moisturiser along the contours of your face. Gently massage your face in a circular motion with your fingertips. This will help absorb the moisturiser faster.Eyes-\"Special care needs to be taken when you are removing eye make-up, as the skin around your eyes is very sensitive,\" says Dr Taneja. The eyeliner or kajal gets absorbed into the skin, leaving the area under the eye dark. Prolonged usage will render the skin dry, patchy and prone to wrinkles.-What to do: Gently wash the area around your eyes with a foam-based face wash. Alternately, you can also use a baby shampoo, since it is extra gentle on your skin and doesn't burn when the lather comes in contact with your eyes. Next, apply a coat of petroleum jelly and gently wipe it off using a cotton ball. Finally, clean the corners of your eyes using an earbud. Apply an under-eye cream and leave it on overnight. This will help restore moisture.Lips-It's a known fact that your lips are five times more sensitive than your facial skin. Therefore, one should take extra care while removing make-up from your lips, instead of scrubbing your lips or licking the lipstick off.-What to do: Use a gentle cleanser to clean the make-up off your lips. In case of persistent lip colour, soak a cotton ball in some regular body lotion and gently massage it over your lips in circular motion. Now apply a thick coat of lip balm and leave it on overnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435849", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority's lack of planning puts burden on state exhchequer", "text": "JAIPUR: Lack of proper planning in the working of the Jaipur Development Authority ( JDA) is taking a toll on the exchequer as several projects have been shelved in recent past despite paying hefty amount for preparing consultation reports. Projects reports that were prepared by consultants charging lakhs of rupees in fees were later rejected by the state government saying it as \"not feasible\".As for instance, JDA is all set to shelve the high-level bridge proposed at the Maharani Farm after spending Rs 22 lakh on consultation fees.\"Though the project is not officially shelved, the authority has failed to provide work order to the company twice. It is merely impossible to invite tenders for the similar project again and the project can be considered as shelved,\" a senior JDA official said.The authority claimed project will be shelved as acquiring land for it is turning out to be a difficult task. Even, the present financial condition of the JDA is another major deterrent. However, the project design was prepared twice by the authorities. \"In the first time, nearly Rs 12.80 lakh were spent while a payment of Rs 15 lakh was given for the second design is yet to be made,\" an official said.In a similar incident last year, the state government has shelved two proposed elevated roads which were planned to ease the traffic in the city. The project was put in cold storage after the JDA had paid around Rs 1 crore to the consultancy company, L&T; Rambol, for preparing a detail project report (DPR).For both the elevated road, the JDA had received a good response from private firms as around 24 companies had participated in the bidding process. \"The project was put on hold due to lack of planning as it was strongly criticized. It was said that the elevated roads will disturb the heritage look as the historical buildings the Khasa Khoti, government hostel and other old buildings along the MI Road will be covered. Moreover, the height of the proposed elevated road was around 20 metre (70 feet) and because of this, the project has been objected too,\" an official said.In the woodland park project, which is also in the cold storage at present, the JDA has made payment of Rs 2 lakh to a Delhi-based consultancy firm which has prepared a DPR to beautify the nullah on which the park was proposed for development.Incident of officials giving nod to prepare the DPR with no intentions to initiate the project also came to the fore recently when UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal questioned the bureaucratic nod for a pilot project on ducting in the Walled City area. Dhariwal expressed ire over the officials' unilateral decision to give the go ahead to the company for preparing a DPR of the ducting project. The minister termed the project \"infeasible\" and claimed that both JDA and JMC do not have funds for the project at the moment to support the project.In the cold storage*Maharni Farm high bridge shelved after Rs 22 lakh*Two elevated roads abandoned after paying Rs 1 crore to consultancy company L&T; Rambol*Fate of Woodland Park hangs in balance after Rs 2 lakh paid to a Delhi-based consultancy firm for carrying out PT survey and preparing a detailed project report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434364", "title": "'Mihan land acquisition will be over by February end'", "text": "NAGPUR: Ahead of winter session of state legislature, the district administration expressed confidence that the land acquisition work for Mihan project would be over by end of February 2013.District collector Saurabh Rao told the media during guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe's press conference that 1,069 families of Shivangaon were objecting to the land acquisition and consequently the construction of taxiway for Boeing MRO was affected. However, after meeting chief minister Prithviraj Chavan the villagers had agreed to the government's offer.Explaining how the tangle was solved, Rao said, \"As per rehabilitation rules if the land of a person having a house in rural area is acquired then he is given a 3,000 square feet plot as a part of compensation package. In case of a person without house the plot size is 1,500 square feet. However, when land is acquired in urban areas then the plot size is the same as the size of the one being acquired.\"The villagers were demanding that as they were being shifted to a rural area, the plot size should be as per rules applicable to villages. CM agreed to their demand so the work on the taxiway was not affected,\" the collector said.He informed that a camp had been organized on December 3 to acquire land in Dahegaon, Telhara and Kalkuhi villages. \"The gram sevaks, sarpanchs, talathis, police patils and local public representatives have been asked to remain present.\"Rao further said that the land acquisition for 6,000 hectare special manufacturing zone at Kuhi had hit a road block as a part of it was under forest department and another 1,200 area was under command area of irrigation projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434089", "title": "MPs used just 37% of their quota of KV seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the increasing pressure for admissions in Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs), MPs have barely used 37% of their quota of seats for this academic session. In response to a parliament question, minister of state for HRD Shashi Tharoor said that 1,209 seats went vacant in 2012-2013. There were nine Rajya Sabha and 67 Lok Sabha members who have not used their full quota of six admissions in KVs.\"Nine RS and 67 LS members have not used their full quota of six admissions in KVs in the academic session 2012-13 at all and some members have used their quota partially,'' Tharoor said.A total of 1,761 seats under this quota have remained unutilized in the last three years, which was 410 in 2010-11 and 142 in 2011-2012. Despite this vacancy, the MP's quota was increased from two to six seats this year.There are 1,090 schools under the KV Sangathan with almost 11 lakh students. Officials said that the seats given to students on MP's recommendations is above the total class strength and does not mean that the seat has actually gone vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434734", "title": "World AIDS Day: Maharashtra in bottom half of HIV report card", "text": "MUMBAI: HIV/AIDS claimed 60,000 fewer lives in 2010-11 than two years ago and the national average showed a healthy decline in the percentage of people testing positive for the virus, but Maharashtra maintained its position as a high-risk state ranking among the bottom five on several counts.The new HIV estimates released by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on the eve of World AIDS Day show Maharashtra remains a hotbed for HIV infection among high-risk groups and the prevalence rate is much higher than the national average.According to the recently concluded HIV Sentinel Surveillance 2010-11, national prevalence among adults (15-49 years) dipped to 0.27% but the positivity in the state hovered around 0.42%.In fact, Maharashtra, with six other states, accounted for 31% new infections in the two years since the previous study. Agencies working for HIV prevention in the state attributed the high prevalence to migration.Project director of Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society (MSACS) Ramesh Devkar said: \"While more people are approaching care centres, migration is one of the main causes why we continue to remain a hotbed.\"The state has come off as the worst for HIV among female sex workers (FSW) with prevalence at 6.89% against a national average of 2.67%. Devkar pointed out that prevalence was around 11% two years ago, arguing that the state is improving.His biggest worry remains HIV prevalence among men having sex with men (MSM) and intravenous drug users (IDU). The national average for MSM is 4.43% but it's almost a steep 10% in the state.Experts say Mumbai plays a huge role. Though there is no official confirmation, the prevalence of HIV among MSM in the city is believed to be above 12%. Worse, among transgenders, the prevalence stands at an astounding 18.80%.For intravenous drug users, the state average for HIV/AIDS prevalence stood at 14.17%, double the national average of 7.14%. Overall, reduction in HIV cases among IDUs at the national level has not been significant. It has dipped from 7.23% in 2007 to 7.14% in 2011.In the HSS study, Mumbai surprisingly emerged as one of the areas with high prevalence of HIV among truckers. While Gujarat's Kutch topped the list with 8.1% prevalence, Mumbai appeared among the hotspots with an average of 1.2%, along with Nagpur 2% from the state.The total number of people living with HIV/AIDS (PLHIV) in India is estimated at 21 lakh last year with the state accounting for over 4.20 lakh cases. Around 1,243 people have succumbed to AIDS in the state this year till October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17433805", "title": "Palghar Facebook case false, malicious, say lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar police are planning to file a C-summary to close the criminal case against the two 21-year-old women, Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan, on the grounds that it 'is neither true nor false', but criminal law experts say the police ought to be filing a B-summary report, which would treat the case as 'false and malicious'. Dhada and Srinivasan were arrested on November 19 for a Facebook post that lamented the shutdown on the day of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. After a complaint from Palghar Sena chief Bhushan Sankhe, the women were arrested and charged with trying to promote hatred or ill-will between different groups and sending a grossly offensive or menacing message through a communication device.After a series of TOI reports, the state director general of police Sanjeev Dayal said, \"The local police will follow legal procedures and will be filing the C-summary report before the court. It will then be up to the court to decide the next course of action.\" But his statement has been criticized by lawyers.Former top cop-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"It is certainly a case for a B-summary report instead of a C-summary.\" Pranav Badheka, another crime lawyer, said, \"The facts did not disclose any offence and the entire action was mala fide, excessive and contrary to law. Even Section 66A of the Information Technology Act was applied with noapplication of mind. I feel that, based on the information available, a B-summary report may be filed, but it is for the police to apply their mind and invoke the correct closure option.\"The police have, in the past, closed several high-profile cases with B-summary reports that were accompanied by calls to prosecute the police officers responsible for filing the charges. Three cases included those involving Provogue owner Salil Chaturvedi, builder Rajendra Chaturvedi and bomb blast accused who died in custody Khwaja Yunus. However, referring to the Palghar case, veteran crime lawyer Shrikant Bhat said, \"It is extremely uncommon for the police to move the magistrate for granting a B-summary in a short time of just about two weeks. It is also extremely uncommon for the police to conclude investigations in two weeks.\" Lawyer Satish Maneshinde said, \"It is one of the very rare cases, if not the first one in the state, in which the police are filing a closure report less than a month after registering the FIR.\"Eventually, the closure report will only be the opinion of the police and it is up to the magistrate to accept or reject it after issuing a notice to the complainant. In one closure case, the Supreme Court, in a leading judgment, held that it is mandatory for a magistrate to issue a notice to the complainant while considering the final report. A few people and not many cops know that Section 173(ii) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) also mandates the police to inform the complainant in writing about their action. \"The police must thusinform the Sena leader that they intend to apply to the magistrate for the discharge of the two accused girls,\" said Bhat. It is not clear how much time the magistrate must take to give his final order. In this case, the court may act with speed, but often closure reports linger on for months, even years.If the police do not file a chargesheet, they can close a case by filing in court an A-, B- or C-summary. An A-summary is a 'true but undetected' case, B-summary a 'maliciously false' case and C-summary a neither true nor false case. The C-summary, Singh says, \"absolves the police and the complainant from criminal liability, which comes along with the B-summary\". In a B-summary, cops can rely on two types of reports - a false case, or a false case with an application to prosecute the complainant under Section 211 of the CrPC. Butprosecution of the complainant for a false and malicious case is rare, admitted Singh.\"The police are trying to do a balancing act to save face in the Palghar case, otherwise they may face prosecution for registering a false case if a B-summary report is made,\" said Singh. \"A C-summary lets off the accused, complainant and police.''There is some kind of preliminary hearing before the magistrate accepts the police summary. \"In practice, the magisterial inquiry into the classification by the police is an exception and not a rule. After my 44 years of experience, I can say that the request for an A-, B- or C-summary is not made in more than 10% cases,'' said Bhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "in his three-page resignation letter from the party's primary membership to bjp national president nitin gadkari , bs yeddyurappa said he was driven to this decision by some leaders in the outfit. excerpts", "code": "17436440", "title": "'Tolerance mistaken for weakness'", "text": "In his three-page resignation letter from the party's primary membership to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , BS Yeddyurappa said he was driven to this decision by some leaders in the outfit. Excerpts:I agree that party building is not an individual's task alone, but my contribution to its growth in Karnataka is unquestionable and unparalled.People, who praised me when I headed the first BJP government in the South, themselves started creating trouble for me. More than the opposition, inside forces troubled and tormented me. Some leaders in New Delhi started spreading canards about me. On the other hand, leaders in New Delhi also failed to understand the truth. There was scope for leaders to set things right, but they failed to do it. These central leaders didn't understand the truth. They were apparently biased in their dealings. Once again, I say it's not a happy occasion to quit a party with which I was associated for so long. If somebody alleges I have ditched the party which gave me name and fame, I feel that party leaders failed to acknowledge my 40 years of effort, hard work and suffering in building the party which had no base of its own in Karnataka unlike in states like Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. Gadkariji , you as head of the party failed to fathom the political situation in the state and the machinations of opposition parties who were of the strong belief that removing me from the CM's post would automatically end the BJP's rule in Karnataka . To make somebody the CM, you removed me from the post. But I tolerated all these humiliations and mental agony only with the aim that the party which I built should not be decimated in Karnataka . My tolerance and patience were mistaken as my weakness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17439103", "title": "Keshubhai supporters to protest against Sidhu in Modi event", "text": "SURAT: Supporters of Keshubhai Patel , founder president of Gujarat Parivartan Party, threatened to demonstrate protest against Navjot Singh Sidhu in chief minister Narendra Modi's public meeting to be held on Saturday evening in south Gujarat. In his election campaign speech Sidhu allegedly made few statements against Keshubhai on Friday after which Keshubhai supporters have threatened to protest.Sidhu was in Gujarat to campaign for BJP prior to the assembly elections scheduled on December 13 and 17. He was addressing a public gathering in Visavadar constituency of Saurashtra from where Keshubhai is contesting as GPP candidate. In his speech Sidhu allegedly made few personal insulting remarks on Keshubhai. Following the remarks GPP workers decided to carry out protest against Sidhu and threatened to disrupt Modi's public meeting.\"We have not finalised exactly in which event we are going to demonstrate protest but we are going to give our message clearly at one of Modi's events in south Gujarat,\" said a GPP leader. Sidhu's remarks also created displeasure within the BJP also, sources informed.Keshubhai was senior most BJP leader in state and Gujarat CM in 2001 when he was replaced by Modi. Keshubhai was forced to go out of power after which the divide between him and Modi got wider. In 2012, Keshubhai launched new party GPP with support of BJP dissidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436530", "title": "Forest watcher hospitalized", "text": "MYSORE: Two days after a forest watcher was hospitalized, another watcher from Alegowdanakattte anti-poaching camp in Maddur forest range of Bandipura tiger Reserve, got admitted to Gundlupet General Hospital on Friday.Pradeep Kumar, 46, came to hospital with complaints of body pain, headache and eye burn, said hospital chief medical officer Dr R Srinivas. \"We have put him on drips,\" the officer said.Four other watchers, who were working at the anti-poaching camp, are fine.On Wednesday, Chikkakariaiah, a 42-year-old watcher, was hospitalized following tiredness. He is recuperating. He, however, continues to be under observation. Chikkakariaiah is likely to be discharged on Saturday.Dr Srinivas told TOI that they are awaiting reports from experts working in Kyasanur forest of Shimoga to confirm the disease. Blood samples of six watchers and viscera of primates have been sent to National Institute of Virology (Pune).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436691", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation continues demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) continuing with the drive demolished illegal constructions in Parvati and Dattawadi area and vacated 2100 sq ft land on Friday.\"Some of the residents had added unauthorised storeys to their houses. The civic administration had sent notices to these occupants and had asked them to demolish the unauthorized constructions. However, they did not follow orders, so a squad from the PMC's anti encroachment department took action,\" said the PMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17436269", "title": "Dharwad family claims Tanaz is Naz", "text": "BELGAUM: There is an interesting twist to the case of Tanaz Shaikh's mysterious disappearance in Saudi Arabia, which has left everyone, including the police puzzled.A family from Dharwad met Belgaum deputy commissioner Anbukumar and SP Sandeep Patil on Friday and claimed that the picture of a woman published in the newspapers is not Tanaz but Naz Babajan Suranagi, a resident of Bishti Galli, Dharwad. The family also claimed that Naz has been working in Saudi Arabia for the past one year as a nurse and is safe.Recently, Belgaum-based Shamshad Shaikh had complained to police that Tanaz, who was working in Mouwasat Hospital at Riyadh, was missing for the past one and a half years. Shamshad had also expressed doubts about woman trafficking and told police that hospital authorities had removed one of the kidneys of Tanaz without her consent. She had given a phone number to the police saying that Tanaz had made her last call from that number.Interestingly, the Dharwad family gave the same number and spoke to Naz from the SP's office. Dismissing the contents of media reports, Naseema Pathan, sister of Naz, said: \"Naz isn't an orphan but has a mother, husband and three children. Her husband works at Lakshmeshwar in Gadag district.\"SP Sandeep Patil said: \"The case has become more confusing with the claims of the family from Dharwad. We need to find out if Naz and Tanaz are the same person or different. We will bring both the families together and conduct an inquiry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436756", "title": "Number of HIV cases down in Indore", "text": "INDORE: While the HIV/AIDS awareness is still restricted to few, many seem to realize the repercussions going by the dip in number of cases reported. However, the city still tops for being the maximum HIV infected population in the state.The number of people found with HIV infection has come down over the past two years. The official figures of the MP State Aids Control Society (MPSACS) substantiate the fact. Indore has the maximum number of 7200 HIV positive patients as of October 2012, which was 6305 last year.If the studies of health department in Indore are anything to go by, the rate of HIV positive patients has dropped down to 2.7% in 2012 till October last, which was 6.9% in 2010. The department this year has screened 25,244 people and found 703 positive patients. Last year, 18,213 people were screened and 875 were identified positive.District Nodal Officer, Dr Vijay Chajjlani said, \"People are more aware about the disease and its complications. With rising awareness more number of people are approaching for health check-up and are not hesitating to ask about the diseases and the precautionary steps to avoid the same.\"The number of positive cases in pregnant women has also gone down over the past years. The department screened 24,875 women and found only 39 positive cases in 2012 while last year 56 pregnant women were identified positive. As per the comparative figures the positive percentage is 0.15% in the city, which was 0.24% last year.Meanwhile, as the world observes AIDS Day on December 1, various awareness campaigns have been planned by organizations at different places. The city will witness street plays based on AIDS theme at 56-Dukan Area, Rajwada, Palasia and Malwa Mill area. Events have also been planned at Holkar Science College and ESIC, Nanda Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436500", "title": "HIV+ man shows way to fight stigma", "text": "BANGALORE: What does a boy who gets thrown out of school and disowned by his family do? Takes up a mission for life to ensure that others don't meet his fate. That's what 21-year-old Sumanth (name changed) did.Sumanth, a HIV +ve, is a flower vendor, part-time autorickshaw driver and an activist now. But all this did not come easily. \"The past eight years of my life have been full of hardships and humiliation. But I was not ready to give up,'' said Sumanth, a class 10 dropout from Kanakapura village.\"My parents died about eight years back. We were told that my father, a bus driver, had some infection. In 2008, I used to get fever frequently. A doctor treated me for two-three months and later referred me to Indira Gandhi Hospital. I was diagnosed with HIV,\" he told TOI.Recounting the humiliation that followed, a lean but well-dressed Sumanth said: \"I could not go to school for about a month. My grandmother was summoned to school and when asked she told my teacher that I had some illness called 'AIDS' . My school never allowed me after that. My grandmother had no idea that speaking the truth would close the door of education for me.\"Sumanth, who was living with his maternal uncle, was thrown out of the house. Even his elder brother (who was lucky enough to not get the virus from his parents) cut ties with him. \"I went to my friend's house. His parents were kind enough to allow me to stay there for three-four days. But I decided to leave my village and come to Bangalore ,\" he said.He took a train from Kanakapura and came to Bangalore in 2009. The railway platforms were his home for about a week. He saw a poster of one NGO which helped HIV +ve people. And that was the defining moment in his life.\"I went to the NGO's office, they referred me to another NGO, which gave me a job of a driver and other office work. I was feeling better as I was financially independent. The ART (antiretroviral) treatment was working and my health had improved. I worked with the NGO for about a year and then went back to my grandmother,\" said Sumanth.Sumanth has now taken up a small-time business of selling flowers. He also works as a volunteer with NGOs, counselling young persons with HIV. \"I sell flowers from 6am to 11am, rest for a while and then drive the autorikshaw. My net income, after deducting all expenses including medication, is about Rs 3,000-4000 a month. My brother is now good to me. I am grateful to my friends and the NGOs who helped me,\" he said.Some gyaanHIV can only be transmitted through body fluids like blood, semen or breast milk and not through touch It's usually diagnosed through blood tests Effective treatment with antiretroviral drugs can control the virus and people with HIV can enjoy healthy and productive lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435275", "title": "IIT placements start today", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay are set to appear for their job interviews from Saturday. IIT-B's placements season begins Saturday and close to 35 companies will visit the first day itself. Around 300 companies have registered, up from last year's 262.Placement coordinator Avijit Chatterjee said, \"There is no major change in sector-wise distribution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436835", "title": "Speeding bus injures labourer, unit blocks traffic", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 150 labourers of Pricol unit intercepted a speeding private bus which dashed against two labourers of the unit on Mettupalayam- Coimbatore road on Friday evening. They sat on the road demanding stringent action against speeding bus drivers. The rural police rushed to the spot and pacified the protestors. The traffic was disturbed for 45 minutes.Police said, Anandan and Karuppasamy are working as CNC machine operator at Pricol unit at Chinnamathampalayam on the outskirts of the city. On Friday evening, the duo came to the unit for night shift in a motorcycle from Karamadai. Karuppasamy rode the motorcycle and Anandan was a pillion rider. When they reached near the unit, Karuppasamy tried to take a right towards the unit. Meanwhile, a speeding private bus coming from Mettupalayam to Coimbatore, dashed against the motorcycle and the duo were thrown off their vehicle.Anandan sustained severe injuries and was rushed to a private hospital in Coimbatore. Meanwhile, 150 labourers from the unit came out and tried to attack the bus driver. They sat on the road and demanded that the bus driver be arrested. Meanwhile, Perianaickenplayam police team rushed to the spot and pacified the protestors. The police assured them that they will arrest the bus driver and stringent action will be taken against the drivers who are driving in a rash and negligent manner. Police registered a case and the detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17434522", "title": "Rohtak gangrape accused kill themselves", "text": "ROHTAK: Hours after being booked for allegedly gangraping a dalit woman, two youths committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near Kanheli village of Rohtak district on Friday morning.A 30-year-old dalit woman, a resident of Ajayab village, had lodged a complaint that five youths barged into her house and gangraped her on Wednesday night. The complainant is a mother of four children.Rohtak DSP Sumit Kumar said that the woman lodged a complaint with the police on Thursday evening identifying the accused as Sandip Kumar, Sunil Kumar, Kala and Fauji - all belonging to Jat community, and Samunder Jogi - who is a relative of the woman, all residents of the same village.The police booked them under Section 376 of IPC after medical examination of the woman.The cops got information about the death of two accused in the wee hours of Friday. The dead have been identified as Sandip, 20, and Sunil.Meanwhile, police arrested 25-year-old Jogi who is also facing rape charges. Police sources said, \"The victim had talked on mobile phone for a long time on the same night with one of the rape accused before they came into her house,\" adding that though the woman denied this in her statement before police.Family members of the deceased, however, alleged that the youths were implicated falsely and they committed suicide due to the stigma of being booked in a rape case. They have demanded an independent inquiry into the gangrape charges levelled by the woman.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said, \"The victim was taken for medical examination and the statement of the victim has been recorded.\" He added, \"We are scanning the calls made by the victim and suspects before the episode.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17433599", "title": "IOC not justified in threatening ban: Expert", "text": "BANGALORE: Is the International Olympic Committee (IOC) justified in holding out the threat of a ban to the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) if the elections are held under the government's Sports Code? No, says sports law expert Vidushpat Singhania.\"For one, the IOC Charter has laid down that the national Olympic committee of a country has to function within the legislative framework of that country. For another, India would not be the only country which has enacted a legislation pertaining to sports,\" he told TOI. \"There are countries around the world which have either enacted specific legislations for sports or are regulating sports through soft laws - that is done through guidelines and policies thereby maintaining a close eye on the governance of NOCs and national sports federations.\"Singhania says that European policies, charter and the decisions of the European Court of Justice brings forth the regulating aspects of sports that govern the continent. \"It is in Europe that most of the international federations of sports including IOC is located. It is pertinent to point out here that instead of opposing the European Union's policies, IOC, international federations and NSFs have supported the policies of European Union .Singhania also lists a few countries which have enacted laws and guidelines for sports. \"If IOC suspends India, then these countries too should face a similar fate. And, if India is suspended, an appeal from such decision lies with the Court of Arbitration for Sports , where there is a good chance that this decision of the IOC would be struck down.\"Why has IOC not suspended them?Following are some of the countries who have enacted laws or guidelines which are interventionist in nature....FranceThe decree of August 28, 1945 introduced a highly interventionist model of sports legislation in France. The government holds the exclusive right to organize sports, events and select athletes who would represent France in international sports competition. The government has done this by delegating these powers to the nation's sports federation. The French sports Act states that the federations have to adopt the guidelines due to their public service nature. Sports organisations with delegated powers hold a direct mandate from the state in executing public service. They benefit from relative autonomy in issues directly relating to their sport but must also comply with a series of regulations. They are also under the control of the State and their delegated powers are reviewed every four years.USAThe Ted Stevens Olympic Amateur Act of 1978 requires the US Olympic Committee (USOC) to adhere to certain provisions of governance such as:* Reserve 20 percent of membership and voting rights in favour of amateur athletes who are actively engaged in amateur athletic competition or who have represented the United States in the preceding 10 years; * Before carrying out any amendment to its constitution and bylaws, USOC has to issue a public notification inviting objections; * USOC shall not engage in business for profit or issue stock * Shall engage an ombudsman for providing independent advice to athletes at no cost; * Shall submit detailed report of its operations and accounts to the President and Congress.In short, the USOC is expected to act as a responsible public body and maintain the highest standards of good governance. The USOC follows a norm of four year term/tenure for its elected officials with a possibility for extension for a further period of two years.MalaysiaThe Sport Development Act, 1997 came into force in 1998. All sports bodies in the country, including the Olympic Council of Malaysia , have to register themselves with the Commissioner of Sports appointed by the Sports Minister under the Act. The Act empowers the sports minister to issue guidelines relating to sports development, including those pertaining to sports administrators.HungaryHungary has a specific sports legislation which has devised a formalised scheme of recognition for the National Sports Federation. The Hungarian Olympic Committee has been declared to be a public body under their Sports Act.ItalyA decree of law (legislation) establishes the CONI (Comitato Olimpico Nazionale Italiano), the National Olympic Committee of the country. This decree of law in its provisions also establishes the structure and other mandates of the sports movement, therefore it can be said that Italy also follows an interventionist approach in sports.Other countries including United Kingdom, Australia, Estonia, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Denmark, Finland, Latvia, Namibia, Mauritius, Romania, Germany, Iceland and Portugal all have basic laws or guidelines to help them run sports. Malta and South Africa have put in place stringent rules to regulate sports in their nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435531", "title": "Fishermen wary of Mumbai water link", "text": "MUMBAI: Fishermen voiced concern over pollution and its impact on the fish stock at a public hearing held by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) on Friday over the plan to build passenger ferry terminals and services on the coast.However, the project's proponent \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the MSRDC \u00e2\u20ac\u201d assured Mumbaikars that the construction and operation of passenger water transport (PWT) facilities, between Nariman Point and Borivli will not create any kind of pollution and hazards in the fishing activities.The MSRDC had received an environment clearance for the project in 2005 but following its expiry in 2010 the state's infrastructure arm applied for its renewal. However, the MoEF recently asked the MSRDC to conduct a public hearing and submit their plans to conserve the ecosystem and fishing habitats. Leaders of fishermen's unions insisted that fishing areas should not be encroached by the passenger boats.They want anti-collision systems to be installed to avoid accidents between passenger and fishing boats. Upon this MSRDC officials said their demands will be incorporated. According to the plan, four lakh commuters will be transported daily in catamarans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436251", "title": "TOI report helps trace missing girl", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten-year-old Lakshmi Devendra didn't want to study in a government school. So, she decided to run away and join a convent school. She left home on November 26 and walked into a convent school in Lingarajapuram. \"I'm an orphan,\" she told teachers there.\"My father is addicted to alcohol and my mother has shunned me. Please admit in your school,\" she told them. But the teachers sensed something amiss and took the girl to the APSA helpline in Annasandrapalya near HAL that evening.Gunasheela Krishnappa, convener, APSA, took her into custody on Monday evening and informed Pulakeshinagar police. The TOI report on November 28 highlighted police apathy in tracing the girl and prompted Hennur police to redouble their efforts. After reading the report, ACP D Narayanaswamy formed three special teams to trace the girl. \"I was not aware about it till then,\" he said on Friday.Gunasheela, who read the TOI report and saw Lakshmi's photo, realized that she was the girl in their care. \"I told Pulakeshinagar police who informed their Hennur counterparts,\" Gunasheela told TOI.On Friday, Hennur police and Lakshmi's mother Shivamma went to APSA around 1pm and she identified her daughter. \"The child was handed over to the Child Welfare Committee before being reunited with our family,\" she said.LakshmispeakLakshmi says all she wants is to study in a convent school. \"After coming to Bangalore, I saw how other girls of my age dress and speak English. I decided to join a convent school. My mother said she can't afford to send to such a school. So, I ran away from home,\" she told TOI. Lakshmi requested this reporter: \"Please tell anna (brother Mallikarjun) not to scold me.\"The CLakshmi is from Gulbarga based daily wage workers family and is studying in class four Hennur government school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436867", "title": "Congress criticize BJP for opposing cash subsidy", "text": "RAIPUR: A day after BJP government urged the centre to exempt the state from cash subsidy transfer scheme, opposition Congress mounted an attack on chief minister Raman Singh saying that the stand has exposed his government's anti-poor face. State Congress president Nandkumar Patel said the centre has come up with the unique scheme. \"But the BJP government, which has been pasting its label on the centrally sponsored schemes and taking credit for its implementation, is now rattled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435745", "title": "'Maoist' farmer on BJP dais", "text": "KOLKATA: Shiladitya Chowdhury, a farmer who was branded as a Maoist after he had asked \"uncomfortable\" questions to the chief minister, fitted as a perfect alternative to Sushma Swaraj , who was supposed to address a mammoth BJP rally in Esplanade on Friday.After presenting Shiladitya on the dais, senior BJP leaders came down heavily on Mamata Banerjee for her \"failure\" to run the state. \"She is as bad as the CPM. Contrary to her announcement that the Trinamool would arrange for 10 lakh jobs, the party has failed to provide employment to the rural youths. Law and order is fast deteriorating,\" said Rahul Sinha, the BJP state president.Other senior leaders who criticized the ruling party included Tathagata Roy, Ashim Ghosh and Chandan Mitra, among others.The BJP leaders also criticized the UPA II government at the Centre for indulging in corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434025", "title": "Goa govt to file criminal cases against 2 former CMs", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government on Friday submitted a 68-page letter to the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) saying it will file criminal proceeding against former chief ministers Pratapsingh Rane and Digambar Kamat for allegedly illegally renewing mining leases.TOI has a copy of the letter sent to the CEC that states that following the recommendation of the Shah commission, action be taken against government officials from the mines department, including the former director.\"...two ministers, Pratapsingh Rane, then CM of Goa, and Digambar V Kamat, the former mines minister and ex-CM, (were) responsible and have taken these decisions and therefore the state government has decided to file appropriate criminal proceeding against these politicians of the erstwhile regime under the prevention of corruption Act and other offences under the laws as applicable,\" said chief secretary B Vijayan in the letter.The letter further said there were certain minutes of meetings which are reflected in government records. One such record is dated April 27, 1989, whereby the government laid down certain guidelines for renewal of mining leases expeditiously in certain cases.\"It is seen that there are several illegalities/irregularities which have taken place and that too, on the proactive participation by the former ministers/CMs of the earlier governments including by holding meetings and giving directions which were followed by the officials,\" the letter said.Vijayan further said the present government has already decided to initiate action in connection with 42 mining leases and, accordingly, all mining leases in which delay was illegally condoned, have been issued show cause notices of termination/cancellation of their leases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435550", "title": "Lost Mughal art comes alive at mela", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Asif demonstrates how mixing quartz and clay in just the right amount helps you recreate a traditional Mughal-style tile, as curious onlookers watch him with rapt attention. Many of these tiles have been painstakingly recreated by a dozen youths from the Nizamuddin basti after removing cement patches on six of the eight canopies of world heritage site Humayun's Tomb.Asif and his friends, who have been trained in the art of Mughal tile-making, derive great pride from the fact that their work will give pleasure to millions of visitors over generations.At the three-day Apni Basti Mela organized by the Aga Khan Trust for Culture at Hazrat Nizamuddin Basti, seven centuries of craft traditions are on display: sanjhi, embroidery, calligraphy, traditional preparation of perfumes, making of bangles, and the more recent introduction to the basti \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mughal tile-making.Adjacent to the stall where the youths are demonstrating the art of Mughal tile-making, a group of women from the basti proudly display their work in traditional sanjhi-cutting as well as jaali pattern work. The products made by them include jaali patterns in the form of monuments, greetings cards, notebooks, lampshades and wall hangings. A few feet away, two master sculptors demonstrate the creation of a Mughal jaali, which will be restored to the west gateways of Humayun's Tomb.Hundreds of residents who thronged the mela were informed about the ongoing urban renewal programme in the basti, with some of the unique conservation techniques used in monuments like Chausath Khamba or Humayun's Tomb finding mention. Trained youngsters from the basti conducted heritage walks for visitors, guiding them through the narrow lanes of the basti, explaining the historical and cultural significance of the various monuments for their edification.Lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna was the first to pledge for the city by signing on the bamboo tree of life erected at the mela. He wrote on the tree: \"We should do our best to live in harmony with nature and the almighty...\" During his hour-long stay he admired the calligraphy products, the sanjhi lamps and Mughal tiles made by youth and women self-help groups formed as part of the Nizamuddin Urban Renewal project.Later in the day, Manish Gupta, commissioner, South Delhi corporation, and Kishan Kumar, deputy commissioner, flagged off a cleanliness drive with a group of 50 children performing street plays to spread awareness about better waste management by jettisoning polybags. From women in burqas lining up to check their body-mass index at the health awareness stall to wide-eyed children watching magic shows, the basti mela was bustling with activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439031", "title": "I didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t know who Prabhas was: Vikram Singh", "text": "Tollywood's newest baddie, Vikram Singh, is riding a wave these days. Post his stint in Rebel, the actor has signed up as the antagonist in Mahesh Babu's next. In a chat with Hyderabad Times, the actor speaks about his dreams, future projects and moreVikram Singh aka Vicky, had never contemplated acting in South Indian films, much less to play a villain, until he auditioned for Prabhas starrer Rebel. \"Well, I don't really look like a typical baddie. I've acted in six Bollywood films playing the lead role. A friend of mine suggested that I go meet director Lawrence, who had come to Mumbai scouting for a villain for Rebel. I met him at a hotel and he liked me very much and immediately confirmed me for the part,\"explains Vikram.The actor didn't even know who Prabhas was until then. \"I looked him up on the Internet and realised he was a huge star. I couldn't have hope for a better debut in Telugu,\" he says. The movie helped him bag the opportunity to play the villain in Mahesh Babu's upcoming flick, Thuntari. \"It's funny how one thing leads to another. I met director Sukumar, a week after Rebel released. He hadn't seen the film until then, but that didn't prevent him from offering the role to me immediately,\" he quips.Vikram is pretty gung ho about his role in the movie. \"I play a typical baddie in the movie. There are lots of high voltage action sequences between me and Mahesh Babu in the film. In fact, the action episodes are going to be out of the world. I am a big adventure buff and being a villain you get to do a lot of action sequences, so it makes it more special.\" That's not all. Vikram has signed up to play a negative role opposite Nithiin in his next flick to be directed by Shiva. He is in talks with director Veerabhadram for a negative role in his next flick Bhai starring Nagarjuna. But what he is most excited about is \"the prospect of sharing the screen with Rajinikath.\"\"I am in talks with director KV Anand who is going to direct Rajinikanth in his next flick. Besides I have also auditioned for a role in actor Vijay's next film as well. I really want to break into Tamil industry, hopefully with one of these films,\" shares Vikram.The actor also has a pretty interesting Bollywood flick, Ya Rab, in the pipeline. Hasnain Hyderabadwala is directing the movie starring Pakistani actor Manzar Shebai in lead. \"It was Mahesh Bhat who conceived the movie. It is based on myths about the Quran. I play the lead along with Manzar in the movie. It's a proper commercial film with a great story. The first print will be out soon. The film is scheduled to release in February you will soon hear a lot more about it.\"The actor is pretty pleased with the way his career is shaping up. Having moved to Mumbai with the sole aim of becoming an actor, he has had his share of struggles to overcome in life. \"My dad passed away when I was 19. I dabbled in the family business in Delhi for a while. But what I really wanted was to become an actor. So, I moved to Mumbai in 2004 armed with the dream of seeing myself on the big screen. I had never been to Mumbai before and had no idea what I was going to do. I had to struggle a lot to get that elusive break and I'm glad all the effort is finally paying dividends,\" he says, signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436227", "title": "Court quashes FIR against Jeppiar in wall collapse case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday quashed a criminal negligence case registered against educationist Jeppiaar and his wife Remibai in connection with the death of ten construction labourers in a wall collapse at Jeppiaar Institute of Technology on the outskirts of Chennai.Justice A Arumughaswamy, however, said police are free to proceed with investigation against the other accused in the case.The wall of an under-construction sports facility collapsed at the Jeppiaar Institute of Technology at Kunnam near Sunkuvarchatram on August 6, 2012. Though initially the college's director N Marie Wilson alone was arrested, police later included Jeppiaar, 73 and his wife Remibai, 68, as accused in the case. While Remibai managed to evade arrest by obtaining an anticipatory bail, Jeppiaar was arrested and remanded in judicial custody.The couple moved the court seeking quashing of criminal proceedings against them. Their counsel R C Paul Kanagaraj said merely because they happened to be the relatives of the director of the college trust, they could not be included in the case as accused.Pointing out that the couple did not have any say or role in the day-to-day affairs of the college administration, Kanagaraj said the police had failed to establish they were guilty of an act of negligence.Neither Jeppiaar nor Remibai were privy to the decision to construct a sports stadium at the site, he said. The trust was managed by a managing trustee who engaged a contractor for building the sports facility. The contractor deputed his supervisors to oversee the works. While this is how the project progressed till the accident, there is no justification for arraigning Jeppiaar and his wife, Kanagaraj submitted.The judge said, \"Considering all the facts of this case, the FIR in crime no 679/2012 dated August 6, 2012 on the file of the Sunguvarchathiram police against the petitioners alone is quashed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17436777", "title": "Pvt agencies roped in for Bali Yatra hygiene", "text": "CUTTACK: The Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) has outsourced solid waste collection at Bali Yatra to two private agencies.The two private players would be responsible for collection of garbage from Kila Maidan and Mahanadi riverbed. The corporation is likely to spend nearly Rs 4 lakh for the waste management during Bali Yatra,\" said a senior official.Around 40% more solid waste would be generated during Bali Yatra this year with the amount expected to cross 200 MT, CMC sources said. \"Every year, the fair ground is strewn with garbage due to the negligence of CMC workers. This year we expect the CMC to act more responsibly and take steps to maintain hygiene at the fair ground,\" said Subash Biswal, a trader from Meria Bazar.His expectations are justified as more than 1,300 stalls have come up at Bali Yatra and 10 lakh people are expected to throng the fair ground every day. \"As many as 100 dustbins have been installed near the stalls and food kiosks to ensure proper collection of garbage,\" said city health officer P K Pradhan. A special squad has also been constituted by CMC and health authorities to ensure that no stale food is served to people at the fair. The food inspector and other health officials would conduct inspections in two shifts everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17429916", "title": "Three cheers for NPL Season 3", "text": "As players get set for a face-off in the semis of the Lokmat-NPL today, NT on how the tournament has been a game changer when it comes to developing the sporting psyche of Nagpurians .The battle lines have been drawn for the third season of the Lokmat-NPL, and as four teams gear up to fight it out for a place in the finals, NT finds that this is a tournament that is slowly but surely growing on Nagpurians. Sameer Meghe of Meghe United team, says, \"Just see how popular this game is becoming. In fact, that's the idea behind NPL - to make football more and more popular. It is already popular among many youngsters, but when they see international players from Nigeria, Morocco etc. rubbing shoulders with our local talent, it motivates them to take up the game. Who knows, next you may have football talent from Argentina and Brazil in Nagpur! So, it's not just the sports lovers in the stadium, who have a great time, even the players get good exposure.\"Lessons in lifeApart from the sheer joy that the game gives to the sports lovers, it is also - in a subtle manner - giving lessons in life itself to the team owners! Abhijeet Lions' owner, Manoj Jayaswal, says, \"Like always, we are giving this tournament our 100 per cent, and I am so happy that my team is in the semis. They are playing well and we are all proud of the team's efforts. In fact, just looking at the way the players approach their game, is a learning experience. Every person sets goals and how to get to that goal is what's important. Winning or losing is not important, it's how you play that matters and that's what these players are showing us every day.\"Fitter &amp; healthierSaying that sporting culture is built in this manner, Amol Dhake of Satvik Bulls, adds, \"For over 10 days, Nagpurians have a place to go to in the evenings with their families. They can have fun and relax. This is a healthy kind of entertainment that can inspire the kids to take to the playground - which will make them fitter. Indirectly, kids and adults can learn lessons of team work and sharing by watching these matches. We won the first edition, lost in the second and are in semis of the third edition. The tournament has taught us how to deal with victory and failure and also how to stand up after a fall. It's ringing in a sporting change in the mindsets of Nagpurians, which will only get better in the coming days.\"I want to make football more popular than cricket in India says Vijay Darda, the man behind the tourneyA tournament like the Lokmat-NPL brings about transformation at various levels. From bettering a ground, to giving entertainment to spectators, to giving a fillip to the game itself! However, what fills me with a sense of pride is the fact that players who were languishing in oblivion and leading a frugal existence, despite having a passion for football, are today leading lives of dignity. They have an income, thanks to the support of the franchisees. Today, they can continue to live their dream of playing football because of the NPL. Today, a stadium looks lush green and not barren because of this game! And what this has done is that it has had a cascading effect all over Maharashtra. People are coming from so many places to watch the matches, and players from various districts are evincing interest in the game and team owners are not giving just lip service to the game. They are taking proactive interest in developing their teams and making them better with every passing year. It's my dream to make football even more popular than cricket in India! I want to make NPL the best football tournament in India with highest standards of excellence and meritocracy. And this can happen only if Nagpurians continue to support us, as they have till now. May the best team win!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434623", "title": "Serving multicuisine Gujarat to the world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A common adage among migrants is that the people who leave their country hold their culture to their hearts and preserve it the way they last left it. The original country may move on, but for these migrants, life is what they knew of it back home. Food forms an integral part of this thought process and for Bhanu Hajratwala, the author of Gujarati Kitchen: Family recipes for the global palate, it can't get any truer. At a time when Gujarati cuisine is typically known for its khakras, fafdas and khichus, Bhanu attempts to lure the quintessential Gujarati to the more elaborate and rich culinary experience. She tosses the misleading idea of the natives being hard core vegetarian and brings the age old non vegetarian home made delicacies like mamna (barbecued lamb kebabs), keema phatka and tarande saucende (fried fish in tomato sauce) back to the dining table.Busy making this lesser known side of the cuisine a world phenomenon, Bhanu has roots in Surat but has lived all her life in the Fiji Islands and the US. \"In the early 1900s, my ancestors migrated with their taste buds and recipes to the Fiji Islands in the South Pacific during the British Raj in India. Fiji too, was a British colony at that time. I grew up in Fiji and came to the US when I got married in 1967,\" says the professional physiotherapist who now lives in the town of Pleasanton about 40 miles east of San Francisco.A seasoned cook, Bhanu agrees that migrants indeed do a better job at preserving the authenticity of ones's cuisine and culture. \"My ancestors tried to keep not only the culture but also their food as authentic as possible, despite the fact that very limited ingredients were available in Fiji,\" she says. Her family brought memories of original recipes from Gujarat to Fiji and over the years, as the Indian population increased, more spices and vegetables became available. \"So even though I was born and brought up there, my taste buds were used to home-cooked Gujarati food.\"According to Bhanu, non-vegetarian dishes have always been a feature of Gujarati cuisine, especially in Surat and among Gujarati Kshatriyas, Parsis and Muslims. But as most cook books on Gujarati cuisine are for vegetarians, people know little of it. \"Over the past few decades, many Gujaratis have migrated to Western countries and have experimented with other cuisines,\" Bhanu says. \"It was an opportune time for me to present non-vegetarian recipes to the new generation.\" Bhanu has presented recipes like jinghlanu shaak (shrimp curry); marghana mamna (chicken kofta curry); and boomla batakanu shaak (Bombay duck and potato curry) in her book.Infusing her knowledge of various food cultures in her original recipes, Bhanu feels she has contributed a little to the world of food, especially in relation to the cuisine of her motherland. After years of travel across the US, New Zealand and Fiji and having taught the art of cooking to enthusiasts in clubs, universities and colleges, Bhanu came up with her labour of love, her cook book. Her children, Minal and Nayan, suggested it as their Christmas gift almost 20 years ago. \"They encouraged me to measure and write down everything for them so that when they went to college, they could duplicate that taste,\" Bhanu says. \"My husband Bhupendra, who is from Ahmedabad, became the official taster and my guinea pig in the kitchen. It has been an exciting journey of measurements, ingredients, traditions and experiments ever since.\"Bhanu's love for food, however, wasn't acquired overnight. \"In childhood, the only things I cared about were meatballs and rotlis,\" she says. \"In my teenage years, I was selected as a food judge and to my surprise, I could taste the differences in the same dish made by different women. I knew then that one day I would explore cooking.\"The challenges were plenty though. \"While most of my American friends dropped in just to taste some of my cooking, there were words and ingredients like 'double bread' that I didn't understand,\" Bhanu says. \"I would come home embarrassed and ask my husband about them. Today, I have written a book not only for my family and friends but also for the future generations who may not know half of the dishes of our cuisine.\"Working on her upcoming book that will be on recipes from across India, Bhanu feels content with the direction her passion has taken. \"Today, even my three granddaughters, Zoe, Ava, and Tea can roll rotlis. All three are under ten,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17437897", "title": "Pran to do a special cameo in new Zanjeer?", "text": "The iconic Pran who was hospitalized is back home and doing very well. So well that one hears the Zanjeer producer Amit Mehra and director Apoorva Lakhia have actually resolved to create a very special cameo for Pran saab, the \"original Sher Khan\", in the new Zanjeer.On Thursday producer Amit Mehra met Pran saab at the latter's residence in Pali Hill and found the veteran actor to be in great spirits. Says Mehra, \"I was a child on my father Prakash Mehra's sets when Pran saab played Sher Khan in the original Zanjeer . When I went to meet Pran saab I was delighted to find him in great spirits. Touchwood he looked hale and hearty and was in a voluble mood. Pran saab had a lot to ask about our new Zanjeer . He also shared some fabulous reminiscences with me about the shooting of Zanjeer with my father, about how my dad made Pran saab dye his hair and beard a reddish colour and put him in that Pathani suit, etc etc.\"Says Mehra enthusiastically, \"He is so full of life, so sharp and such a wonderful bank of memories. I am glad we are recreating Pran saab 's Sher Khan . He told me even today people in far-off places remember him by his song Yaari hai imaan mera in Zanjeer . It was a turning point in Pran saab 's career. We're sure the new Zanjeer would be a turning point in Mr Sanjay Dutt's career.\"Producer Amit Mehra who celebrates his birthday on Sunday says he couldn't have hoped for a better birthday gift. \"Meeting with Pran saab , and finding him so spirited has made me realize we're paying a tribute to three iconic film personalities in Zanjeer : Bachchan saab , Pran saab and my father Prakash Mehra. We better get it right.\"Sanjay Dutt who plays Pran saab 's role in the neo- Zanjeer , would be sporting an entirely different look. Says Mehra, \"My director Apoorva Lakhia has planned something else for Mr Dutt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434253", "title": "Tungsten supply glitch hits Pinaka rockets", "text": "NAGPUR: A foreign vendor haggling over prices has hit the production of Pinaka rockets, an important weapon system of the artillery. The rockets are made in the ordnance factories including that in Ambajhari and are also suitable for mountain warfare.Its warheads are filled with tungsten balls to enhance lethality and can be fired up to a range of 40 kms. However, supply of processed tungsten, which comes from France, has been held up as the international prices of the metal have shot from around $35 a kg to close to $50 in recent times. The supplier now wants higher rates and ordnance factory is not willing to shell out the extra amount. This has affected supply of tungsten hampering the production of rockets, said a source closely involved with the affairs.The production has slowed down, said a source in the factory. The army has ordered over 1,500 rockets. However, the current output is almost half of the required quantity. This is almost 30% less than last year's tally in same period, the source said.Responding to TOI query, a senior officer of the Indian Ordnance Factory Service (IOFS) cadre admitted the stalemate over tungsten prices. \"Such problems are routine in course of production and we will overcome it soon,\" he added. The government is scouting for new vendors but a decision has not been taken yet, added another source.Earlier, the chairman of Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) had called for self-sufficiency in processing of tungsten. He added that at present its non-availability had not led to a shortfall in production of Pinaka rockets but dependence on foreign vendors was a matter being addressed. Tungsten is key material in making of warheads. Warheads are filled with thousands of tungsten balls which disperse when the rocket hits the target.This is pre-fragmented high explosive type warhead usually used in the rocket. The tungsten balls are supposed to have a capacity of creating damage in an area of over 10,000 square metres. Another warhead that throws out burning fragments has also been developed.Tungsten is a preferred due to its hardness. It is processed and received in powdered form and then made into balls at the ordnance factory. It is also used as an armour piercing material in tank shells. Pinaka rockets have been designed by Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO). After over a decade of being taken for development, the OFB got an order for bulk production in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435154", "title": "Govt asks ministries to strengthen vigilance mechanism", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sensitizing ministries and departments on taking strong anti-corruption measures, the government on Friday suggested keeping their respective 'vigilance' wings separate from 'administrative' wings and asked all secretaries to review pending disciplinary proceedings and prosecution sanction cases on a monthly basis.\"It should be ensured that that the administration and vigilance wings are exclusively separate from each other in each ministry or department,\" the department of personnel and training (DoPT) said.Citing instructions issued by the CVC, DoPT said vigilance functionaries should not be a party to decision-making processes or in other administrative transactions of such nature which are likely to have clear vigilance sensitivity.\"Secretary of the ministry or department should review the pending disciplinary proceeding cases and sanction of prosecution cases each month like monitoring of VIP references or RTI cases,\" it said in a fresh set of guidelines.The government directive came following a recommendation made by the group of ministers (GoM) to tackle corruption.Information was collected from all central departments to asses the work load relating to vigilance administration and the adequacy of the present set-up to handle such volume of vigilance-related work in various ministries.\"From the inputs received from the ministries or departments, it has been observed that in some ministries or departments, the number of complaints or disciplinary proceedings cases are very high... Therefore, each ministry or department should conduct staff inspection unit (SIU) study of its vigilance division so that officers or staff may be posted as per requirement vis-a-vis volume of work,\" it said.DoPT also found that most ministries had not yet set up monitoring cells to review and monitor progress of pending disciplinary inquiries on a day-to-day basis.\"All ministries or departments may send an action taken report on setting up of a monitoring cell to this department within a month from the receipt of these guidelines,\" it said, adding that all departments are requested to follow the guidelines in letter and spirit to strengthen their vigilance set-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "oslo", "code": "17438921", "title": "Norway 'child abuse' case: Indian couple charged", "text": "OSLO: The Indian couple arrested here in an alleged child abuse case have been charged with \"gross repeated maltreatment\" of their child for which the prosecution has proposed a minimum sentence of one-year and three months for the parents.According to a statement by Oslo Police Department, the couple have been remanded in custody, as there is reason to fear that they will evade prosecution by returning to India.The Court of Appeals in process of hearing the defence's appeal amd the judgement will be pronounced in Oslo District Court on December 3.\"The couple have been charged with gross repeated maltreatment of their child/children by threats, violence or other wrong under section 219 of the Penal Code,\" Police Department said.\"The prosecution proposed a sentence of one-year three months for the mother and one-year six months for the father. The judgement in the case would be pronounced on Monday, December 3.\"Chandrasekhar Vallabhaneni, a software professional from Andhra Pradesh , and his wife his wife Anupama - an officer of the Indian embassy were taken into custody by the police in Oslo.The police arrested Chandrasekhar after his 7-year-old child complained to his school teachers that his parents were threatening to send him back to India for his acts, Chandrasekhar's nephew V Sailender, who is in Hyderabad, claimed.The boy was found wetting his pants in the school bus which was reported to his father, who in turn \"threatened\" the child that he would be sent back to India if he repeated that again, Sailender said, adding the boy was also found bringing toys from school.The incident comes barely months after another row involving an Indian couple and their children.Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (4) were taken away from their parents --Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya -- by Norway's Child Welfare Society in May last year on grounds of \"emotional disconnect\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17435626", "title": "Woman molested inside Howrah bus", "text": "HOWRAH: A drunken youth allegedly molested a woman inside a bus near Howrah railway station late on Friday night. He had been teasing the woman for quite some time.When she protested, the youth started beating her, say police. The other passengers caught him, beat him up and handed him to police.He will be produced in court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436139", "title": "Kalyan, BJP reunion unlikely this year", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former chief minister Kalyan Singh's much-awaited return to the Bharatiya Janata Party has been delayed further and will happen next year. Factors like controversy surrounding BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, ongoing winter session of Parliament and Gujarat elections have forced both Kalyan and the saffron leaders to postpone the reunion.However, sources in the BJP said that nothing should be read between the lines on delay in Kalyan's re-entry into the party. They also cited only \"political compulsions\" for the postponement. Sources in the Kalyan camp said that owing to ongoing winter session of Parliament, neither Kalyan nor BJP leaders have been able to hold a meeting on the reunion. The winter session will continue till December 20, so it's likely that the former chief minister will return to the saffron brigade only next year.Further, the three-year term of BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, who has been surrounded by controversies regarding wrongdoings by his companies, is ending on December 19. Five BJP leaders -- Ram Jethmalani (now suspended) and his son Mahesh Jethmalani, Yashwant Sinha, Shatrughan Sinha and Jagdish Shettigar -- have already gone on record seeking Gadkari's resignation.Sources said the party thinks it should wait for the election of national BJP chief and then proceed on the issue of Kalyan rejoining the BJP.Another reason for delay is Gujarat elections. Polls in Gujarat will be held on December 13 and 17. BJP has been in Gujarat since 1995 and is going to the polls under chief minister Narendra Modi. The results for the Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh assembly elections will be declared on December 20. Thereafter, only 10 days would be left for the year end which would be spent in analysis of election results, sources said. All this makes it near impossible that Kalyan's rejoining would take place this year.Sources, however, reiterated that Kalyan's return is now a mere formality as the terms and conditions have been settled between Kalyan and state BJP leaders. The former chief minister is likely to get back the post of national vice-president once he rejoins the BJP along with a say in rebuilding the party before 2014 Lok Sabha elections.A close aide of former CM and a few party insiders said that along with this, Kalyan's son and Jan Kranti Party chief Rajveer Singh will be given a post in the state BJP and Lok Sabha ticket.Similarly, his demand to adjust JKP members as per their stature in the BJP has also been accepted, Kalyan's aide said, and added that the date of rejoining the BJP will be decided by Gadkari, Rajnath Singh and state BJP leaders Kalraj Mishra and Lalji Tandon.Thereafter, joining of Kalyan along with merger of JKP will be held at a grand function in Lucknow, sources said.But for now, the wait continues for Kalyan-BJP reunion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436662", "title": "Landge's son among three arrested for Dhavade's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police on Friday arrested three youths, including the 20-year-old son of Ankush Landge, Rahul, for their alleged involvement in the murder of Gotya alias Sachin Kundalik Dhavade (31) at Dhavadevasti, Bhosari, on Thursday.Dhavade was the main accused in the 2006 murder case of Ankush Landge, former Pimpri-Chinchwad unit chief of BJP. Investigations have revealed that Rahul had hatched the plot to eliminate Dhavade, a criminal on police record, to avenge the killing of his father. A foreign made pistol has been seized from them.The other two arrested were identified as Kishore Madhukar Sakhare (21) and Abhishek Shivaji Jare (22), both from Dhavadevasti. All of them were picked up from their hideout in Nigdi. They were produced before a local court on Friday, which remanded them in police custody till December 7.Inspector Chandrakant Bhosale of the Bhosari police station told TOI that during sustained interrogation, Rahul had revealed that he had procured the Italian-made pistol used in the attack. \"Rahul also confessed that he had shot at Dhavade with the pistol,\" Bhosale said.Bhosale said police teams have been fanned out to trace the other accomplices of Rahul. \"We have their names and will soon arrest them,\" he added.Bhosale said one of the assailants, Ankush Ramdas Lakde (25), who was killed in the attack, was an accomplice of Rahul. \"While opening fire at Dhavade one bullet had hit Lakde by mistake,\" Bhosale added. However, the police are suspecting that more than one firearm were used in the attack.Seeking the trio's custody, the police told the court that they wanted to investigate from where Rahul had bought the pistol. Also, they wanted to investigate about the other firearm.Meanwhile, Dhavade's accomplice, Sandip Ramchandra Madhure (30), of Akurdi, who had sustained severe injuries in the attack, is out of danger. Heavy police bandobast was being maintained in Dhavadevasti to maintain peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439189", "title": "Nawazuddin in Barry John\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s debut", "text": "Over the years, he has acted in films, directed plays and even trained actors the likes of Shah Rukh Khan, Manoj Bajpayee, Lillette Dubey, Freida Pinto , Kunal Kapoor and more recently, Arjun Kapoor and Varun Dhawan.Now, British-born director and acting guru Barry John is turning writer-director with his film titled The End of Bandit Queen which is inspired by the assassination of Phoolan Devi in 2001.A source told us, \"The film will mark the directorial debut of Barry John. Currently, pre-production is underway and the film is scheduled to go on floors in March 2013. It is inspired by the events in the life of Sher Singh Rana, who was accused of assassinating Phoolan Devi in 2001 and is still an under-trial in Tihar Jail.\"Nawazuddin Siddique will play the central role of Sher Singh Rana in the film, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436409", "title": "Emergency landing by CM's chopper", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar's helicopter made an emergency landing near Harihar on Friday at 12.30pm.He was coming from Bangalore to take part in public works inauguration at Ucchangidurga and Biluchodu villages in Davanagere district. He was scheduled to land at Ucchangidurga by 11.45 am but due to technical problems, the pilot landed at Kumarapatnam helipad managed by Harihar Poly Fibers factory in Ranebennur taluk. The CM went to Jagalur by road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435539", "title": "Kiran holds out veiled threat to health minister", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a veiled threat to health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said he was competent to remove a cabinet minister if he differed with the collective decision of the cabinet. In an informal chat with the media in Assembly, Kiran said, \"Ministers have no option but to fall in line as far as cabinet decisions are concerned. There is no scope for dissent.\"The health minister, in the last cabinet meeting, had reportedly opposed the decision to reject the CBI plea for prosecuting roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, who is accused in the Vanpic land allotment case. He is said to have insisted that his dissent should be put on record.Commenting on the minister's dissenting voice, Kiran said, citing a Supreme Court judgment in H D Deve Gowda case, any minister, notwithstanding his personal views, has no option but to fall in line or face the axe.\"Cabinet functions by collective decision. One may differ during the discussion, but when a decision is taken, it is final and collective,\" Kiran said. However, the chief minister was not ready to take action against DL Ravindra Reddy.\"What mistake did he commit to deserve punishment?\" he shot back when asked if he would apply rule of collective principle against the health minster.Backing the R&B; minister, the chief minister said Dharmana acted as per the decisions of the then cabinet headed by Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. \"Mopidevi was first arrested by CBI leading to his resignation from the cabinet. In Dharmana's case, the CBI sought government's permission,\" he explained. He reminded that CBI itself informed the court that Dharmana and Mopidevi stood on different footing.Regarding the power surcharges, the chief minister said they were inevitable given the rise in consumption levels and fall in gas production. He admitted that tough days were ahead for people of the state because of non-availability of power in other states. After the hike in liquor prices, more would follow, he said. He said he was planning to invite Congress president Sonia Gandhi to tour the state. He revealed that the state was gearing up to conduct the elections to local bodies. The chief minister exuded confidence that the Congress would prove critics wrong and come back to power in 2014 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435413", "title": "Mumbai's commuters will have to wait longer for swanky new rakes", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars may have to wait longer for better and faster locals.International firm Bombardier Transportation, which had bagged the contract to deliver electrical fittings for 72 rakes to be procured by the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) under he Mumbai Urban Transport Project-II, had delayed the submission of drawings and designs for the fittings to the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) of Indian Railways. As a result, the prototypes, which were expected to reach Mumbai by November-December, are now likely to arrive by April next year.Trial runs of the new 12-car electric multiple units (EMUs) were to be carried out for two months. Based on the results, changes, if necessary, were to be made to the new rakes and supply of the rakes was to begin from March 2013 in a phased manner.While Bombardier will instal electrical infrastructure, including traction motors, in the new rakes, the shell of the EMUs will be built at the Integral Coach Factory in Chennai.An official told TOI, \"Delivery of the new rakes is expected to be six months behind schedule. It can be delayed further if changes have to be incorporated in the new rakes.\"Said another official, \"Both Western and Central railways need new rakes to augment their services. The delay means commuters will have to continue travelling in retro-fitted rakes that are more prone to breakdowns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438824", "title": "Reese Witherspoon to star in 'Wilde'", "text": "Actress Reese Witherspoon will star in a movie adaptation of writer Cheryl Strayed's memoir \"Wilde\".Witherspoon, 36, will also be the producer of the movie, which will be helmed by Nick Hornby and she looks excited to be part of the project, reports deadline.com.\"Nick's innate blend of humanity and humour are a perfect match for Cheryl's raw emotional memoir,\" Witherspoon said.\"I look forward to collaborating with both of these talented writers to create a film full of honesty, adventure and self discovery,\" she added.\"Wild\" explores Strayed's struggle to cope after her mother's death and the breakdown of her marriage. She embarks on a challenging 1,100-mile hike along the Pacific coast to work through her issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436962", "title": "Sabarimala: Jayakumar takes charge", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: K Jayakumar on Friday assumed office as the chief coordinator of Sabarimala. He visited the temple and reviewed the activities.He will be coordinating and overseeing the activities of various departments in Sabarimala. After visiting the appam-manufacturing unit, he said steps would be taken to maintain the quality of appams. Special arrangements have been made to check the quality of appams every six hours. There will be no restriction on the supply of appams and the devotees will be getting them as per demand. At present, 80,000 covers of appams and 22 lakh containers of aravana have been stocked. Director general of police K S Balasubramannian, who reached the Sannidanam on Friday, checked the security measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17435593", "title": "Handcuffed men flee Thane court, one nabbed", "text": "THANE: Two men, accused in a robbery case, fled from the Thane court premises on Friday. The suspects, Asif Shaikh and his accomplice who is still be identified, were being produced in court.The police said both were handcuffed and yet managed to give the police a slip. As soon as the police realized the two had fled, they searched the court premises, and the entire area, including the Thane civil hospital and even the drains. While Shaikh was nabbed within minutes, the other is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436620", "title": "They are fighting AIDS and stigma too", "text": "BHOPAL: Reshma (named changed) was admitted to Hamidia Hospital for treatment in June. Like any responsible AIDS patient, she reported her condition to the hospital. Few hours into her stay at the government hospital, she not only had to fight AIDS, but the stigma attached to it. \"Discrimination is widespread, the nurse refused to give me an injection, fearing she would get infected,\" she said.Across the state, it will be hard to find hospitals that will do the operation or surgical procedure on AIDS victims or HIV positive persons, alleged Rajpal Shekhawat of Madhya Pradesh network people (MPNP), an organisation formed by AIDS affected victim and families.According to estimates, there are 28,548 adults (till Oct 2012) identified as HIV positive in Madhya Pradesh.The situation is even worse at the district level. It's been 6 months since 25-year-old Anand (named changed) has had a accumulation of water in his chest, after an accident. The local hospital refused to conduct an operation after they learnt Anand was HIV positive, said Shekhawat.Some of the AIDS victims do find care, but it comes at a hefty price. A 45-year-old woman from Alirajpur was operated upon in a private hospital in Indore. She required support plates for fracture repair. She paid the price for being the AIDS victim, said Shekhawat.Even if hospitals operate or admit AIDS patients for treatment, they face many inequalities. \"AIDS victims are told to get their own bed-sheets, plastic-mats and, at times, even drinking water glasses,\" he added.This year, the World AIDS Day theme is 'Getting to Zero'. \"Zero discrimination of AIDS patients by the medical fraternity is the least we want without which improved access to lifesaving drugs means nothing,\" said Shekhawat.1,443 HIV+ kids in stateAccording to Madhya Pradesh State AIDS control society, there are 1,443 HIV positive children in the state. \"World AIDS Day brings focus on HIV positive children, who are in need of care, support, treatment and protection,\" said UNICEF Madhya Pradesh office chief, Tania Goldner. \"It should be priority to make a difference to the lives of children infected and affected by HIV and also reduce stigma and discrimination, which HIV-affected children still face,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434704", "title": "Churchill to replace Dempo", "text": "PANAJI: India could still have two I-League clubs at the AFC Cup, Asia's second tier club competition after Churchill Brothers were made an offer by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) after defending I-league champions Dempo Sports Club pulled out for lack of a quality venue at home.Churchill Brothers have formally intimated the AIFF after they were notified, saying they would gladly participate, provided they were allowed to host their matches at the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex, Balewadi, Pune.\"We have officially intimated the AIFF that we are interested in participating in the AFC Cup provided we are able to avail of the Sports Complex in Balewadi, Pune. Taking our home matches to New Delhi is not feasible as the costs shoot up,\" patron and president, Churchill Alemao told TOI on Friday.Dempo who have already had a taste of the AFC Cup for sometime now, were earlier forced to host their AFC Cup matches at the Gadchhibowli stadium in Hyderabad and the Sports Complex in Balewadi, Pune, costing them around Rs 12 lakh to host each match. As a result, the club felt playing their home matches away was not cost effective as the crowd turnout too was dismal.A proposal to host their matches at the Tilak Maidan in Vasco - since the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda is undergoing renovation ahead of the Lusofonia Games which Goa play host to - was shot down by the AFC as they found the facilities unfit. Consequently, as AFC offered a replacement to be sent, the AIFF contacted Churchill Brothers who finished third in the I-League behind second-placed East Bengal who earned their place by winning the last edition of the Federation Cup.When contacted, Churchill Brothers' technical director Subhash Bhowmick was cautious. \"Accepting the invitation is a serious matter. We cannot afford to put our I-league campaign in jeopardy. Right now I am concentrating on the next two matches in the I-league and will talk to Churchill Alemao only on my return to Goa,\" Bhowmick said from Sikkim.\"The problem is the I-League and AFC Cup matches often clash and the AIFF never really gives the clubs enough time to recover from their international engagements. This could throw our I-League title campaign out of gear. Right now our focus is the I-League title and we are working hard towards it,\" said Bhowmick.Bhowmick added that had they earned the berth in the AFC Cup it would have excited him but not through a forfeit.Beto, Churchill's charismatic Brazilian skipper and midfield general was overjoyed to hear the good news. \"If this is true, then I am really very happy because it is known to everyone that my dream as a player is to win an Asian trophy playing for an Indian club and this opportunity has come again for me.\"After winning the I-League title many times this would be my best challenge and I am looking forward to that,\" said Beto.With the kind of improvement in the team and the present set of players, Churchill could do well provided they are able to not just lift their game but take it to the upper Asian level and be consistent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434243", "title": "Ex-VC seeks Nagpur University help to set-up Tukadoji chair in Japan", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra's famous saint Rastrasant Tukadoji Maharaj on whom Nagpur University has been renamed had presided over a 'World Religion Conference' in Japan, way back in 1957. His philosophies had greatly influenced the Japanese and are still remembered there. Now, efforts are being made to build a memorial of the great saint in Tokyo . Former NU vice chancellor SN Pathan is working relentlessly towards making the efforts become a reality.Recently, Pathan got elected as the vice president of India Council for Culture and Relations (ICCR), the Government of India's cultural wing. He revealed his ambitious plans during his visit to the city on Friday.\"I have been propagating Tukadoji's thoughts ever since I became the first NU VC after it got renamed. We had organized many programmes and even set up a chair in his name in the university. After taking over the reins of ICCR VP, the first thought that came to my mind is to set up his memorial in Japan,\" Pathan told TOI.According to him, ICCR, founded in 1950 by Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, works towards promoting Indian culture abroad and also in fostering cultural ties between various countries.\"ICCR formulates and implement policies pertaining to India's external cultural relations, fosters mutual understanding between the countries and promotes cultural exchanges,\" he said.He added that the panel is comprised of 15 VCs of India's top universities like JNU and BHU, five MPs and 10 national and international level artists.He called on the NU officials to come forward for this noble initiative and send proposals so that a chair in the name of the great saint in Japan can be realized. \"Even the other organizations like Gurukunj Ashram and Guru Seva Mandal can come forward with proposals related to this international chair,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "17436449", "title": "Apex court to hear Cauvery case on Monday", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked Karnataka and Tamil Nadu to place before it documents on the Cauvery issue by Saturday . The court's decision is important, coming as it does after Thursday's talks between the chief ministers of the two states failed. The failure of the talks was brought to the court's notice. The court will hear the states on Monday.A bench comprising Justices DK Jain and Madan B Lokur on Friday asked the states to file a compilation of documents.Tamil Nadu counsel CS Vaidyanathan blamed Karnataka and said the samba (paddy) crop would wither due to shortage of water. He said TN requires at least 30 tmcft of water between December 1 and 15.Karnataka's counsel Anil Divan said the state needs 78 tmcft of water for the same period . Karnataka can store only 70 tmcft, 8 tmcft less than required, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436498", "title": "Corporators ask Goel to go back to govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The corporators on Friday blamed BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel for the city's under-development and demanded his transfer. They alleged there was no development in ward works and overall infrastructure development of the city ever since Goel took over as commissioner.\"Send him back to the government . We need an efficient officer to manage BBMP. No files are moving from his table and there's absolutely no work in the wards. He has no respect for elected representatives . The council must pass a resolution as per the KMC Act to send him back to the government ,\" said M Nagaraj, Nandini Layout corporator.Kacharakanahalli corporator Padmanabh Reddy alleged the commissioner had not objected when media and members of the public said corporators were involved in garbage contracts. \"This is not acceptable. He must be transferred,\" said Reddy.The commissioner's introduction of a Facebook page and getting BBMP engineers to click photographs of garbage on smart phones and sending them to BBMP also enraged corporators.\"Have you come here to get publicity like a filmstar? Why were smart phones bought without calling for tenders? I sniff a scam and your involvement in the purchase of phones worth Rs 75 lakh? Why was it done without the council's approval? Who gave you the powers?\" questioned Hanumanthanagar corporator K Chandrashekar.Basavanagudi corporator Katte Sathyanarayana asked which BBMP engineer knew how to send pictures of garbage using Android phones. Corporators also took objection to involving NGOs in BBMP's activities.'I will ask for further investigation'I don't see any scam in this purchase of telephones. In fact, there was no such bulk purchase. We had asked 28 executive engineers to buy Android phones available for about Rs 7,000. Executive engineers who didn't have such phones were asked to buy them and BBMP reimburse the amount. I don't think it cost us Rs 75 lakh as was said in the council. I'll ask the technical vigilance committee to investigate the issue. Perhaps this is a way of showing resistance to the transparent system I tried to bring createRajneesh Goel | BBMP commissioner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436814", "title": "Cases against 2 more country chicken farms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two more country chicken rearing farms were booked in the past two days for cheating in Tirupur and Coimbatore district.The sleuths of Economic Offences Wing (EOW), Coimbatore have registered a case against GS Poultry farms, operating at Vellakoil in Tirupur district on Thursday. The complaint was lodged by I Johnson, 43 of Perundurai in Erode district.Police said, Johnson, working at a textile mill in Tirupur, had invested Rs 50,000 in the firm in March 2012. GS poultry farm had offered several schemes and had promised him that they would offer Rs 3,000 as incentive every month for the each Rs 50,000 investment.As he received Rs 12,000 as incentives, Johnson invested Rs 1.50 lakh in the firm again. This time he received Rs 18,000 as incentives. The firm shut down in August. When Johnson went to Vellakoil to meet the owners, S Sureshkumar and V Jeganathan; Johnson could not meet them as the duo had already eloped switching off their mobile phones.Johnson then approached the EOW police and based on his complaint the police registered a case against the country chicken firm and its owners Sureshkumar and Jeganathan under section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 406 (preach of trust), 420 (cheating) of IPC and under section 5 of TNPID act.Meanwhile, another case was registered against Sri Saru Farms, operating at Annur in Coimbatore district on Friday. Police said, P Rajan (52), a farmer of Mangalakaraipudur near Karamadai had invested Rs 1.5 lakh in the farm in June 18, 2012. The farm had announced two schemes for the investors. For the first scheme, the investors had to invest Rs 1.5 lakh. In return, they would get 350 country chicks for rearing and the firm would give Rs 10,000 monthly incentive and Rs 10,000 per annum as bonus. In the second scheme, the investors had to invest Rs 1.25 lakh. In return, they would get Rs 12,500 monthly incentive and Rs 12,500 as yearly bonus.The victim, Rajan had received Rs 20,000 from the farm. Later, the farm had stopped giving incentives to them. The farm managing directors Prakash and his brother Mahesh went absconding. The victim lodged a petition with the EOW, Coimbatore and the police have registered a case against the farm and the two managing directors.Police said they have received over 15 complaints against GS poultry farm and five complaints against Sri Saru farms. Two special teams have been formed to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435452", "title": "Three awarded for water management efforts", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramon Magsaysay award winner Rajendra Singh from Rajasthan along with former municipal engineer Prakash Limaye and the sarpanch of Hiware Bazaar village in Ahmednagar, Popatrao Pawar, were felicitated for their contribution in the field of water management.They were awarded by Dr R Chidambaram, principal scientific advisor to the prime minister, at SIES high school's water exhibition, 'Jalameva Jeewanam'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435921", "title": "Cash hunt on, Sukhdev Singh Namdhari taken to Uttarakhand Raj Shekhar", "text": "NEW DELHI: That the police are serious about the cash hoard angle in the Ponty Chadha shootout case became clear on Friday when they took Sukhdev Singh Namdhari to Bajpur, Uttarakhand to \"assist\" in investigation. Sources said the police team will try to recover Ponty Chadha's money that Namdhari is suspected to possess. Namdhari will also be taken to Bilaspur to help police catch his henchmen and a son, who are believed to be hiding there. He will be brought back to the capital by Saturday evening, a source said.Namdhari's custody ends on Sunday and police will have to seek an extension thereafter.Sources said call records of Namdhari, his gunman Sachin Tyagi and a driver show that he spoke with several of his men in Bajpur and a few influential people, including two bureaucrats, two politicians from Uttarakhand and Punjab and at least one politician in Delhi, on the way from the shootout scene to Fortis Hospital. Police are questioning Namdhari about the content of these calls.\"We are questioning him about the need to talk to all these people and what was discussed. His account will be tallied with those of his gunman and the driver, who were with him in the SUV. We are also interrogating him to ascertain if he was carrying any other gun at the time of the shootout,\" an officer said.Tyagi and Namdhari were confronted on Friday. The gunman reportedly said Namdhari fired the first shot when Ponty opened the door on Hardeep, but it hit the SUV's bonnet.He immediately got out of the vehicle, took cover and fired at Hardeep. Tyagi, who broke down after intense grilling, is learnt to have said that Namdhari fired three bullets at Hardeep. Tyagi may be booked for hiding vital information and delaying the investigation.While raids are on to gather evidence and arrest Namdhari's henchmen, a police team is also looking for evidence to establish that a shot from Namdhari hit Ponty also, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17436344", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGrand Canyon 65m years older than thought\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: The Grand Canyon in US \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the seven natural wonders of the world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is actually 65 million years older than thought, dating back to the era when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, a new study has found.Most previous estimates have put The Grand Canyon's age at 5 million to 6 million years, based on the age of gravel washed downstream by the ancestral Colorado River. However, researchers say it was carved some 70 million years ago \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at a time when dinosaurs still roamed the Earth, the 'Daily Mail' reported . The study led by professor Rebecca Flowers from the University of Colorado Boulder, which used radioactive decay and thermal dating to make their estimate, found it is much older.Flowers explained how the study exploited the radioactive decay of uranium and thorium atoms into helium atoms in a phosphate mineral known as apatite. The helium atoms were locked in apatite grains as they cooled and moved closer to the surface during the carving of the Grand Canyon, she said.The hotter the apatite was the fewer helium atoms remained within it \u00e2\u20ac\u201d allowing scientists to get a thermal history of the area.Since temperature variations at shallow levels beneath the Earth's surface are influenced by topography, this allowed the team to infer how much time had passed since there was significant natural excavation of the Grand Canyon. \"Our research implies that the Grand Canyon was directly carved to within a few hundred metres of its modern depth by about 70 million years ago,\" Flowers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434724", "title": "Businessman fined Rs 1 lakh for settlement after chargesheet", "text": "MUMBAI: An attempt to use police machinery in a commercial dispute invited the censure of the Bombay high court which imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on the complainant and accused in the case.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sambhaji Shinde said that Rs 50,000 from the fine amount would go to the Maharashtra Police Welfare Fund while the remain ing amount would be given to the state legal services authority.The case involved a complaint lodged by Manoj Parikh, a partner of Ms Reva Process Engravers, against seven other partners claiming that they had forged his signatures to open a bank account causing a loss of over Rs 1 crore to him. The economic offences wing of the Mumbai police had registered an FIR and also filed a chargesheet in the case.Senior advocate Niteen Pradhan and advocate Shubhada Khot, who represented the accused, urged the court to quash the case as the parties had settled the case before the arbitration court. Additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai said this was not just a cheating case but involved other charges including forgery. \"The police machinery was set into motion and they investigated the case. After the chargesheet was filed, the parties have settled the matter,\" Pai said.The court took into consideration the prosecutor's contention and while quashing the chargesheet asked the parties to shell out Rs 1 lakh as legal costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433911", "title": "Section 66A applies only to gross offences: Attorney general", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Supreme Court bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar sought explanation from Maharashtra for the Palghar facebook arrest incident, but also took note of the three other incidents of harassment this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, businessman Ravi Srinivasan in Puducherry and Air India employee R Jagannatha Mayank Sharma in Mumbai.The bench also allowed the intervention of India Against Corruption activist Aseem Trivedi, who was arrested and slapped with sedition charges for drawing cartoons lampooning Parliament and Constitution to depict its ineffectiveness. The Bombay high court had later dropped sedition charges against him and he now faces a case under Section 66A of IT Act.The apex court issued notice to the Centre, West Bengal , Maharashtra, Puducherry and Delhi and asked them to respond in four weeks to petitioner Shreya Singhal's plea to strike down Section 66A as unconstitutional, as coercive steps taken under this provision had a chilling effect on crores of users of social networking sites, thus violating their fundamental right to free speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19 of the Constitution.The AG said Section 66A applied only to \"gross offences\". \"The offence under Section 66A of IT Act is bailable. But in the Palghar incident, authorities deliberately invoked Indian Penal Code Sections 295A (deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) and 505 (statements conducing to public mischief) to make the offence non-bailable though these sections had no application to the case,\" he said.When Vahanvati said the arrests should not have happened at all, the bench said, \"There appears to be some kind of obvious motive behind it. Somebody has blundered.\"The AG said he would show to the court that Section 66A was constitutional and it should not be struck down just because it was invoked improperly, along with other IPC sections, to effect arrests. However, he welcomed the apex court's intervention and said it could help in evolving some kind of guidelines for future application of Section 66A.The bench was not too convinced on the first brush. It said, \"Wording of Section 66A is not satisfactory. It is made very wide and can apply to all kinds of comments.\" Vahanvati said the government had ordered that in future, no arrests under Section 66A would be made in rural areas without the approval of an officer of DCP level and in urban areas without an inspector general of police approving it.Focusing on the Palghar incident, the bench said in its order, \"Maharashtra government is directed to explain the manner in which the two children - Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan - came to be arrested in connection with the posting of comment by Dhada on Facebook.\"Singhal's counsel and senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi attempted to convince the court to direct that till further orders, no case should be registered against any person under Section 66A without prior approval of the concerned director general of police. The court decided to wait for the responses of the Centre and the four states and UTs and posted the PIL for hearing after six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436687", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation deputy engineer held for bribe", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau on Friday arrested a deputy engineer with Pune Municipal Corporation, Pratap Dhaygude (43), for accepting a bribe of Rs 2,000 from an architect.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Rajendra Galande said architect Mandar Ghate (32) had prepared a blueprint of a workshop to be built at the Hadapsar industrial estate. He had submitted the blueprint and the construction plan to the building permission department.Galande said, \"The PMC sanctioned Ghate's plan through computerised scrutiny on November 26. The deputy engineer of the building permission department is the final authority to clear the construction plans. When Ghate approached Dhaygude, he demanded Rs 2,000 to pass the plan\".Following the demand by Dhaygude, Ghate lodged a complaint with the ACB. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Dhaygude while accepting the money from Ghate,\" Galande added. The ACB team comprised inspector Prakash Shinde and constables Dhashrath Chinchkar and Prabhavati Gaikwad.In the meantime, the PMC has decided to take action against the erring official. \"The civic administration has to follow certain guidelines. Appropriate action will be taken against the official as per rules,\" Vivek Kharwadkar, assistant city engineer, building permission, told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435137", "title": "Water from Darna dam yet to be released", "text": "AURANGABAD: The water that was released from Mula dam for the Jayakwadi reservoir on Wednesday started flowing into the dam on Thursday around 1.10 pm said, Jaisingh Hire, sectional engineer at Command Area Development Authority (CADA) here.\"Around one thousand million cubic (TMC) feet of water has been released from the Mula dam according to the readings taken at 5 pm today,\" he said. Around three TMC out of the nine TMC of water sanctioned by the state government will be released from the dam. The rest of the water will be received from Nilwande-Bhandardara and Darna group of dams.Hire said that the water release from Mula dam would continue till December 1. Meanwhile, water from Bhandardara-Nilwande dam, which is part of the second stage of water release, commenced at the rate of 6,000 cubic feet per second (Cusec) on Thursday around 11 am.\"It will take around three days for the water from the dams to reach the Jayakwadi dam,\" he said.Hire said that no reports have been received of water release from Darna group of dams which was originally scheduled for release today morning.H D Paithankar, deputy executive engineer at Nashik Irrigation Division (NID), said, \"No water has been released as work of removing KT weir was in progress. A meeting will be held by executive engineers and other officials to discuss further action.\"On the amount of water that has reached the Jayakwadi reservoir, Hire said, \"The water levels of the dam have not been measured as the changes would be very less. The water levels would be checked on Friday at 8 am.\"Eom/HN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436600", "title": "Private schools out with schedule", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admission process to pre-primary classes in city-based private and government schools has begun. Government schools will follow the common admission dates but private schools have fixed specific days.At St Kabir School in Sector 26, children between the age of three and four years by March 31, 2013 are eligible for admission to pre-nursery class. Registration forms will be available at the school fee counter on December 5 and 6 between 3pm and 5pm for Rs 100. Forms can be submitted from December 7 to 15 between 10am and 1pm except holidays. Seats for children of alumni will be reserved at St Kabir School. Registration forms under the RTE category will be accepted in February, 2013.Admission forms at AKSIPS, Sector 41, will be available from December 5 onwards. There are 60 seats in pre-nursery class. Draw of lots for EWS seats will be conducted on January 19, 2013 and the fee will be deposited from January 16 to 25. Registration forms for nursery class at Saupin's School, Sector 32 will be available from December 5. Children born between October 1, 2009 and September 30, 2010 will be eligible. Draw of lots for 67 general category seats will be held on January 10 at 11am. There are 23 seats for EWS kids. At St Stephen School, Sector 45, there are a total of 225. Of these, 156 are meant for children from their preparatory school, 56 are reserved under the RTE Act.At Bhavan Vidyalaya, in Sector 27 admission forms will be available from December 5 to 15 for Rs 100 from 3pm onwards. There are a total of 160 seats at Strawberry Fields World School. Registration forms for the general category can be downloaded from the website. Forms are to be submitted at the school office between December 5 and 15 from 10am to noon. Registration forms for the EWS category can also be procured from the school office between December 5 and 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17436096", "title": "Haryana State AIDS Control Society to open more centres to expand treatment facilities", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana State AIDS Control Society has decided to open two new Anti-Retrovial Treatment Centres, one in Karnal and other in the NCR region in the next financial year with a view to expanding the treatment facilities throughout the state.Haryana has already established one Anti-Retrovial Treatment Centre at PGIMS, Rohtak, and 16 Link Anti-Retrovial Treatment Centres in the districts for treatment of HIV and AIDS patients free of charge.Dr Vijay Kumar, in charge of district AIDS control department, said, \"The link ART centre will be opened in Delhi within two-three months.Doctors have already been trained for this purpose and HIV positive patients will be given medicines from here.\"On the eve of World AIDS Day, Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda said that the theme of World AIDS Day was \"Getting to zero: Zero new HIV infections, Zero Discrimination, Zero AIDS-related deaths\" and the state government was committed to provide better treatment facilities to people living with HIV and AIDS and to keep a check on deaths caused by it.This year, 200 patients have been registered with the Integrated Counselling and Testing Centres (ICTCs) in Gurgaon. The first centre was opened at the Civil Hospital in 2002 in the district and at present there are six such centres in the district. In 2002, eight patients were registered, but gradually the number has increased over the years.Kumar said the main reason for this is awareness among people.Haryana health minister, Rao Narender Singh, said that to reduce the prevalence of HIV among drug injection users of Haryana, three new Opioid Substitution Therapy Centres and seven new targeted intervention (TI) projects would be started in the state.Singh said that three new Opioid Substitution Therapy Centres in Panipat, Faridabad and Bahadurgarh would be opened under the Harm Reduction Programme.Singh added that there was a downward trend in the number of HIV and AIDS patients among different categories in the state. The prevalence of HIV in pregnant women has decreased to 0.14% in 2012 as against 0.30% in 2006.Similarly, this percentage in general clients had fallen down to 1.64% as against 6.47% in 2006. The prevalence among female sex workers had also shown a decline from 1.19% to 0.58% whereas among injecting drug users it had reduced from 2% in 2008 to 1.01% in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435685", "title": "Mega sports stadium likely in Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A sports stadium similar to that of GMC Balayogi Stadium at Gachibowli in Hyderabad is likely to come up in the port city.Reviewing the progress of various schemes and projects with officials at the Circuit House here on Friday, ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao instructed Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar to identify suitable land to take up the stadium project in order to encourage sports and sports persons in the city.He also urged him to speed up construction work at the indoor stadium in China Mushidiwada, in addition to works pertaining to satellite townships at Anakapalli, Gajuwaka, Gambheeram and Pendurthy areas.The minister particularly enquired about the progress of the proposed Greenery Park to be developed over seven acres at Rushikonda beach along the Bay of Bengal. Instructing commissioner of police B Shivdhar Reddy to take steps to check law and order problems in the fast growing city, he hinted at initiating a joint action to curtail the growing trend of inter-state robberies, land and drugs mafia besides traffic problems.Earlier, the minister directed officials to take all necessary steps for the three-day visit of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, which is scheduled from December 22. He said that the CM will be covering Paderu and Narsipatnam on December 22, Anakapalli, Gajuwaka and Vizag city on December 23, and Bheemili and Vizag city on December 24. At another event, the minister stated that the crushing of sugarcane at Gowada sugar factory would begin on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435591", "title": "Woman cheated of Rs 9L", "text": "HYDERABAD: One person was arrested on Friday by Cyberabad police from Noida for allegedly cheating a woman from Moula Ali of Rs 9.46 lakh by luring her into believing that she won 500,0000 pounds in lottery.Cyberabad police said that sometime back K Padmavathi got an SMS and email intimating that she won an ICC Cricket Award 2012 UK and asked her to keep in touch through the email ID, icccricket1@live.com.The elated Padmavathi fell into the trap and sent money to the cheat towards payment of supposed Indian custom service charge, anti-terrorist certificate and others. ``With the hope that she would get the 500,0000 pounds she deposited money in the bank accounts of the accused, Avinash Kumar and Sushil Kumar. But it was too late by the time she realised that she was cheated,'' police said.According to police, Sobhit Kumar alias Sandeep, 30, was arrested at Noida for pulling the fraud on the woman. Police seized a car, cash of Rs 70.000, and several identification proofs from him. During the investigation police came to know that Sandeep and his associate Amar were the brain behind the Nigerian-type fraud. Amar is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436659", "title": "Woman dies of swine flu, toll 34 since April", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old woman from Pashan succumbed to the H1N1 infection in the city on Wednesday.The woman's throat swab, sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) before she died, tested positive on Friday. With this, the city's H1N1 toll has gone up to 34 since April this year.\"Despite the symptoms, the woman did not seek medical advice and treatment till five days after developing the illness,\" a health official from the Pune Municipal Corporation said.The woman developed an influenza like illness from November 23. She had fever, cough and a sore throat for five days and was feeling breathlessness from November 27. She was then moved to Poona Hospital and Research Centre. However, her condition worsened, she was intubated and put on ventilator support around 11 pm on November 28. But her condition further deteriorated and she died at 11.55 pm the same day.Meanwhile, three more people tested positive for swine flu infection in the city on Friday. Besides, the condition of one patient with swine flu is critical and he has been put on ventilator support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434176", "title": "Legalize cattle smuggling on Bangladesh border: BSF chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a controversial suggestion, outgoing BSF chief U K Bansal has said that the menace of cattle smuggling on the India-Bangladesh border defies policing and might be best controlled by making the trade legal.Cattle running mafias abound on the border, making smuggling bovines for meat a highly lucrative but violence-prone illegal business. Bansal seemed to endorse the view that the sheer scale of operations and the economic interests involved make policing a limited option.Asked if the illegal cattle trade should be legalized given the economic realities in Bangladesh, Bansal said, \"We all have to think about it seriously. It is not a problem that can be solved by policing.\" Bansal was speaking at BSF's annual press conference on Thursday.Several Bangladeshis lose their lives smuggling cattle for a remuneration as low as Rs 500. While trying to stop them, BSF men put their lives at risk while reports of corruption have also surfaced.The massive demand for meat feeding a Rs 2,000 crore industry in Bangladesh has made it difficult for forces to stop the smuggling. The proposal to make cattle trade legal, despite its apparent pragmatism, is sure to attract fire from groups advocating cow protection.Legalizing the trade is a hot potato that the government is unlikely to consider, but it could throw open a discussion on a taboo subject that might yield results later.The issue has been contentious, leading to a stand-off between India and Bangladesh at various bilateral meets where charges have been traded. Bangladesh has rarely accepted any illegality, including the large inflow of illegal immigrants into India.The government has made efforts to bring down casualties of Bangladeshi nationals by introducing non-lethal weapons. But the move has hurt BSF as emboldened smugglers have started attacking force personnel.In the past three years, while casualties of Bangladeshis on the border came down by over 60%, attacks on personnel of Border Security Force went up by over 100%.According to government figures, in 2010, as many 32 suspected intruders were shot dead by BSF on the Indo-Bangladesh border while 64 men from the force were injured due to attacks from smugglers. Due to continued high fatalities of its nationals, Bangladesh had been pushing for softer approach towards border guarding from India.Thus, in 2010, India had proposed and implemented use of non-lethal weapons such as rubber bullets and pump action guns by the BSF against suspected smugglers.Bangladeshi fatalities came down to merely 11. However, injuries to BSF men jumped to 150. In 2012, the force has recorded six deaths of Bangladeshis and 100 injuries to its men on the border.\"The problem is that the sheer economics of the trade makes it unstoppable. Close to seven lakh cattle are smuggled every year, and this is only the data collected through arrest of smugglers. The industry is worth thousands of crores of rupees in Bangladesh,\" said a BSF officer who has served on the Indo-Bangla border.One of the reasons India has never been able to come to an agreement with Bangladesh on resolving the problem is the latter does not consider it smuggling, calling it cattle trade. Bangladesh has even unofficially offered to help make arrangements so that cattle can be bought at the border without risking the lives of people on either side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17436851", "title": "MD of emu farm held in Namakkal", "text": "NAMAKKAL: Sleuths of Economic Offences Wing (EOW), on Friday arrested the managing director of an Emu farm in Namakkal district.The accused has been identified as N Natarajan (42), MD of Kongunadu Emu Poultry Farms, located at Karupannakovil Thottam on the Mohanur Road in Paramathi-Velur Taluk. He had allegedly cheated 323 depositors to the tune of Rs 6.89 crore by attracting deposits and not giving them the promised returns.EOW police got a tip-off that Natarajan had taken shelter at his house in Thatharipuram. \"Based on the tip-off, we rushed to his house on Friday and arrested him,\" DSP said. He has been booked under sections 420, 406 and 120 (B) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 5 of the TNPID Act of 1997. Natarajan was produced before TNPID Court in Coimbatore, where he was remanded to judicial custody till December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435381", "title": "Congress wrests over 80% of gram panchayat seats", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress has put up an impressive performance in the gram panchayat polls in the Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg belt, single-handedly wresting over 80% of seats.The results, announced on Friday, will boost the party's long-term prospects and help consolidate its grip, especially in Konkan. Results for elections to 7,756 gram panchayats are being declared in a phased manner. Of the 329 gram panchayats in Sindhudurg, the Congress, led by industries minister Narayan Rane and son Nilesh, won 268, the nearest second, NCP, won 30.The Shiv Sena, BJP and MNS combinedly managed only two dozen seats. \"This is one of the biggest victory margin for panchayat polls across the country. We have achieved this result without any support from other parties, and any big leader campaigning in the area,\" said Rane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436611", "title": "Panjab University,PGI campuses to get bigger", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University and PGI could soon get additional land to expand their campuses in the city. There has been a persistent demand from the two institutions in view of the increasing number of courses.After attending a meeting of the advisory council, UT administrator Shivraj Patil said education was one of the issues discussed and the administration would try to find suitable chunks of land for PU and PGI, which are top-class educational institutions of the country. The meeting of the advisory council, which had been revived by Patil to add a democratic element to the administration, was held after nine months on Friday. Other issues on the agenda were transport and parking.The decision, said Patil, was taken despite the advisory council giving a general suggestion, \"don't give away land generously.\" Affairs of the municipal corporation were also discussed and directions were given to get rid of encroachments and work on better solid waste management.Patil said it was definitely an administrative city but education and trade needed to be promoted as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435970", "title": "Government\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cold attitude fatal for Delhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every winter, the city wakes up to the untold miseries of homeless people. Many of them die on the streets braving the chill. A study on the 92 people who died without a roof over their heads from January 2011 to date, offers a glimpse into their tough lives.The Mother NGO at St Stephen's Hospital recorded the deaths, but it couldn't document those deaths that were reported directly to the police. While this showed the absence of an official mechanism to coordinate between different sources when it comes to recording deaths, the study also brought to the fore the need for a uniform system to take care of the homeless.Many more are dying on the capital's streets and many need immediate intervention, as revealed by Delhi Police data from five districts.Over 6,800 deaths on the streets of Delhi, including those of the homeless and unidentified persons, have been reported between 2007 and 2011. This information was provided by the police in reply to an RTI application filed by activist S A Azad from the Campaign for Rehabilitation of Homeless People.The St Stephen's hospital data reveals that cold is not the only thing killing those on the streets. But it is certainly a trigger that aggravates latent ailments among the homeless, estimated to be anywhere between 60,000 and 1 lakh.Tuberculosis, addiction to drugs and alcohol, and respiratory problems are some of the unattended yet treatable illnesses that are claiming the lives of those sleeping rough on the streets. The absence of Delhi government-driven health facilities is seen by NGOs as a cause for concern.Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board CEO Shakti Sinha told TOI that he will discuss the matter with the health secretary to make provision for mobile clinics. \"We will also step up rescue operations through the MNGO from December 1,\" he assured.Tuberculosis tops the list when it comes to common causes of deaths as per the MNGO data. Of the 92 dead, 22 were suffering from severe tuberculosis. In 12 cases, excessive drinking has been blamed for accelerating death. Nine deaths have been attributed to cold. The causes of death vary for the others, ranging from asthma, mental illness to weakness and burn injuries.\"These deaths include cases where either the rescue team of the MNGO found the person in distress on the street or reached him through calls made to the homeless helpline. The list has cases where homeless persons died in hospitals after being rescued or succumbed to a long-drawn illness at a night shelter. The list also has deaths where the cause is unknown,\" Dr Javed Khan from St Stephen's said.He pointed that the analysis reflects that those on the streets need better access to medical facilities and more focused rescue operations supported by the state.Paramjit Kaur from Ashray Adhikar Abhiyan who has been leading a community outreach clinic near Jama Masjid for over 11 years points that chest infections including tuberculosis are most common among the homeless. \"Poor nutrition increases chances of TB. Skin infections and occupational problems like aches and pains are other concerns,\" Kaur added. She feels that state intervention in providing health facilities to the homeless to prevent deaths is the need of the hour.Meanwhile, a statement issued by human rights forum of NGOs under the banner of Shahri Adhikar Manch: Begharon Ke Saath cites the police data on 6,800 deaths to drive home the need for development of a line of accountability for such deaths and to prevent further deaths.The activists have also demanded that the Delhi government develop and implement a human rights-based long-term plan for the city's homeless, which includes creation of adequate permanent shelters.According to Indu Prakash Singh from Indo-Global Social Service Society, the police data of 6,800 deaths of homeless and unidentified persons is alarming and needs to be studied in detail. \"Also adequate response from NHRC, National Commission for Women and Delhi Commission for Women is the need of the hour including provision for disaggregated data on homeless persons, protecting the rights of the homeless and their rehabilitation and housing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17434786", "title": "Tiger attacks boy", "text": "BAHRAICH: A 14-year-old boy was attacked and injured by a tiger in Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary, forest official said on Friday .The boy, who sustained serious injuries, has been admitted to the community health centre Mihinpurwa, sources said.DFO wildlife RK Singh said that wild animals may stray into human areas due to change in weather therefore local people should remain alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436257", "title": "3493 posts of college teachers vacant in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday admitted that altogether 3,493 posts of teachers in 250 constituent colleges of Bihar are lying vacant. Replying to a question of Basudeo Singh (CPM), state education minister P K Shahi said during the pre-lunch session of the Bihar legislative council that the committee set up by the chancellor's office for rationalizing the posts of teachers in different universities has submitted its report to the government for implementation.The minister said the government has already notified the vacant posts after submission of the rationalization report but did not specify the date for appointment of teachers.Amid noisy scenes, opposition members wanted to know the date by which the vacancies of college teachers would be filled up. RJD member Nawal Kishore Yadav said that academic activities in universities had been badly hit by the large-scale vacancies.Opposition members also said there were many anomalies in the report of the rationalization committee. To this the minister requested the House members to give specific suggestions in writing in order to remove anomalies from the report.\"After getting suggestions I shall send them to the chancellor's office for its opinion. If the chancellor's office OKs them, I will recommend them with certain modifications in the report,\" Shahi said.Despite repeated demands, the minister did not announce any deadline for the appointment of constituent college teachers in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438180", "title": "Jiiva, Santhanam team up again?", "text": "Jiiva and Santhanam turned to out to be a perfect team when they first got together in 'Siva Manasula Sakthi' and left the audience in splits. The two would soon be seen together in Gautham Menon's 'Neethaane En Ponvasantham' set to release on 14th December. Looks like the super hit combo are all set to team up yet again.It is said that Sasi Ramani, who directed Jiiva-starrer Singampuli , is set to cast the two again in his forthcoming venture. Though the official confirmation of the same is yet to come, the very fact that Jiiva and Santhanam pairing up again will be a welcome one for fans.As of now, the two are busy with their respective projects. Jiiva has quite a few including Ravi K Chandran's directorial debut movie ' Yaan' on hand for which he has been shooting in Mumbai. Santhanam, who has been named the comedy Super Star by his ' Settai ' team, has a slew of films including his much-awaited maiden production, Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435057", "title": "Institute admits students after \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcderecognition\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Imagine entering your college one day and learning that it has been derecognized. Students of St Wilfred College of Architecture in Panvel had barely attended lectures for two weeks when the college received a notice from the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) claiming the college was not recognized and no lectures can be held henceforth.\"What surprised us even more was the fact that even after receiving this notice, the college held admissions and filled the first-year batch with 37 students. While in the beginning we had a few lectures, since the past month, not a single lecture was held,\" said a first-year student.Worried, 70-odd first and second-year architecture students contacted the DTE officials who confirmed the derecognition notice. DTE officials directed the students to apply for fresh admissions elsewhere. \"The officials asked us to give our preference of four colleges close to our residence,\" said another student.At the same time, students of the engineering college of the same institute, too, were directed to apply to other colleges.However, only weeks after \"the drama\", DTE informed students that only the engineering college has been derecognized and not the architecture college. \"Initially, we had asked for the entire campus to be shut following a notice from All India Council for Technical Education. Later, we got complaints from students of architecture. We have set up a committee to look into the grievances and are awaiting the report,\" said S K Mahajan, director of DTE.St Wilfred Institute officials denied student allegations. \"We have a well-trained faculty and infrastructure,\" said Alok Sharma from the college. He denied that admissions were conducted after the DTE notice. TOI has a copy of an admission receipt dated September 29. The notice was received on September 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435761", "title": "Life sentence for three of family in dowry death case", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The family court of Visakhapatnam district on Friday pronounced a life sentence against three accused belonging to the same family in a dowry death case. District special judge N Raja Prasad Baba convicted G Narsimha Rao, his brother G Someswara Rao and their mother Paidamma of Gopalapatnam to life imprisonment and Rs 1200 fine each after finding them guilty of the murder of Sarva Lakshmi, the dowry victim and Narsimha Rao's wife. He ordered a one-month simple imprisonment in addition to the sentence if they failed to pay the fine.According to the prosecution, the woman committed suicide by hanging herself to a ceiling fan following a quarrel between her in-laws and her parents on March 10, 2009, over the trouble created by her in-laws during her brother's marriage on March 9, 2009. Frustrated with the behaviour of her mother-in-law, brother-in-law and her husband, Lakshmi took the drastic step. Narsimha Rao, resident of Gopalapatnam, got married to Sarva Lakshmi of Anakapalli in 2006. The couple had a son the following year. At the time of their wedding, her parents had given a dowry of Rs 1.10 lakh. In addition to this, her parents had agreed to give land and had written two promissory notes for another Rs 40,000 of dowry to Narasimha Rao. Lakshmi's parents had promised to pay the money before June 2009 but after they failed to meet the dowry demand, her in-laws started harassing her. The victim's father had lodged an FIR against the three persons for the murder of his daughter for dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17434661", "title": "Wrestler shot at in Sonipat", "text": "SONIPAT: A budding wrestler, Gurpal Singh, an IPS officer son, was shot at by a few assailants near a petrol pump on the Rai-Sonipat road in the town on Wednesday night.The victim is admitted to a hospital in Delhi where his condition is stated to be improving. Gurpal is son of Swaran Singh, an IPS officer with Punjab Police, and nephew of Kartar Singh, who is former international wrestler and Inspector General of Police. He has been staying at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) centre in Sonipat and was going to market with a friend when the incident occurred, the police said.According to information, he along with his friend was waylaid by five unidentified armed persons, who were in a car, near a petrol pump when he was on his way to Sonipat market in his car. Police said one of the persons was holding a carbine and another one had a pistol.\"Before attacking him, assailants asked Gurpal who he was. On this, the wrestler too asked them to identify themselves and they claimed to be cops. Suspecting something fishy as they were in plain clothes, Gurpal along with his friend tried to speed away, but was chased by the assailants who opened several rounds of fire on them and one bullet hit his back,\" police said.Rohtak IGP Alok Mittal said DSP headquarter Rakam Singh has been asked to inquire into the incident and a case under Section 307 of IPC has been registered against the unidentified persons. \"We have not been unable to identify the accused as of now. But we will soon identify and nab them,\" the IGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436550", "title": "HIV positive women join forces to sew up self-reliant lives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: AIDS would have remained a distant notion for 34-year-old Sangeeta, had the man she married told her he was HIV positive. As things turned out, she got married and got infected. The husband is no more but there's her, two children and the virus.In a country where people living with AIDS are still subjected to ostracism, a lone HIV positive woman with two children did not really stand a chance. But there is something to be said about sheer grit. If you have it, even gunny bags can give you a lease of life. In Sangeeta's case, the gunny bags came with something even more precious - dignity. The feisty lady has received a bulk contract from a Kalka-based company to sew gunny bags for Rs 4,000 month. On World Aids Day, nine women living with AIDS joined her to make a living sewing gunny bags. She calls women living with AIDS on her mobile phone. One, she proudly points out, she bought herself.At 31, Saumya is treading the same path. Like Sangeeta, Saumya lost her husband, who was HIV positive. Unlike Sangeeta, the legacy she received included not only HIV but also TB. It was not possible for her to work anywhere till people from the drop-in-centre approached her to help her earn by stitching gunny bags. She is also trying to reach out to women deprived of care when they need it the most. \"I have seen the vicissitudes of life and I am trying to guide women suffering the same way,\" she said.It was Archana, in-charge of the drop-in-centre who conceived the idea of helping women with the craft of making polybags. Archana, who lives with AIDS herself, plans to expand operations to include more women in the ambit of the self-sustaining group.\"We went to Anandpur Sahib a few days ago where we saw women working on recycled paper for a well known company. Though the marketing was not impressive, it generated Rs 1,500 per month. We decided to modify the concept and raise income for the women,\" she said.While the centre has a special machine to imprint the names that buyers want, they also plan to buy a machine which can be used to make disposable cups and glasses. \"With these self employment schemes, we will expand services to all 100 women living with HIV in the city,\" said Archana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436715", "title": "Fake FB profile: Girl files plaint", "text": "INDORE: A girl student from Indore, lodged a complaint with the women's helpline 'We For You' here on Friday, regarding a fake Facebook profile carrying obscene pictures in her name. called the, on Friday, complaining about a fake with obscene pictures of her on it.Police inspector, Anita Dable 'We For You' said, \"A girl called us today complaining about a fake Facebook profile carrying of hers consisting of obscene pictures in her name. We verified and found that it is a fake profile.\" The girl suspects an acquaintance of hers for having created the profile, she added.According to Dable, the police has requested for a detailed report from Facebook on the matter. \"The case was reported to the cyber crime cell earlier, we have been informed about the incident only today. The cyber crime branch has requested a report about this from Facebook but there has not been any response from the social networking site yet, we are waiting for the reports and will be taking action at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434033", "title": "HIV claimed 60,000 less lives last year in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: India recorded around 60,000 fewer deaths due to HIV in 2011 compared to 2007 while the overall number of people living with HIV has fallen by almost 1.7 lakhs during the same period.There has been a 57% reduction in new HIV infections in India during the last decade with HIV prevalence among adults (15-49 years) dipping to 0.27% (2011) compared to 0.33% (2007).The total number of people living with HIV/AIDS (PLHIV) in India is estimated at 21 lakhs last year. Children (below 15 years) account for 7% of all infections, and 86% are in the 15-49 age bracket.Worryingly, of all the HIV infections, 39% (8.16 lakhs) are among women , most of whom being housewives.The new HIV estimated released by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday - on the eve of the World AIDS Day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d says that around 1.16 lakh new HIV infections among adults and around 14,500 new infections among children had occurred last year.Of the 1.16 lakh estimated new infections in 2011 among adults, the six high-prevalence states of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Maharashtra, Manipur and Nagaland accounted for 31% of new infections.Considerable declines in HIV prevalence have been recorded among female sex workers at national level (5.06% in 2007 to 2.67% in 2011) and in most of the states, where long-standing targeted interventions have focused on behaviour change and increase in condom use. Declines have been achieved among men who have sex with men (7.41% in 2007 to 4.43% in 2011) also, though several pockets in the country show higher HIV prevalence among them with mixed results.Reduction in HIV cases among Injecting Drug Users (IDUs) at the national level haven't been significant (7.23% in 2007 to 7.14% in 2011).Besides north-eastern states where declines have been achieved, newer pockets of high HIV prevalence among IDUs have emerged over the last few years, mainly in states like Punjab, Chandigarh, Delhi, Mumbai, Kerala, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.The report says that scale up of free anti retroviral treatment (ART) since 2004 has saved over 1.5 lakh lives till last year.At the current pace of scale up of ART services, it is estimated to avert around 50,000-60,000 deaths annually in the next five years.Azad told TOI, \"India's progress in controlling the deadly virus has been remarkable. China, India and South Africa are the only three countries which have witnessed a fall in new HIV cases by over 50%. The recent UN general assembly on HIV unanimously hailed these countries for such progress.\"In 2011, among the states, Manipur has shown the highest estimated adult HIV prevalence of 1.22%, followed by Andhra Pradesh (0.75%), Mizoram (0.74%), Nagaland (0.73%), Karnataka (0.52%), Goa (0.43%) and Maharashtra (0.42%).Besides these, Odisha, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, and Chandigarh have shown estimated adult HIV prevalence greater than the national prevalence at 0.27%.The study said, \"The adult HIV prevalence at national level has continued its steady decline from estimated level of 0.41% in 2001 through 0.35% in 2006 to 0.27% in 2011. Similar consistent declines are noted among both males and females at national level.\"About 1.48 lakh people died of AIDS-related causes in India last year. Deaths among HIV infected children account for 7% of all AIDS-related deaths. Wider access to ART has led to 29% reduction in estimated annual AIDS-related deaths during NACP-III period (2007-2011).Thanks to fall in India's HIV numbers, south-east Asia (11 countries, including India) has seen a 35% dip in new HIV infections, from 3.2 lakhs (2001) to 2.08 lakhs (2011). According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the HIV epidemic is clearly reversing. In 2011, 2.2 million people across the world were infected with HIV and 1.7 million died, half a million fewer new infections than 10 years ago, and 6 lakhs fewer deaths than 2005. However, the global health watch dog said the region also faces serious challenges. In the region, 46% of adults in need of treatment were enrolled in care and treatment by the end of 2011 - up from 12% in 2005. The coverage for HIV treatment in children is 39% in 2011 - up from 9% in 2005. Starting treatment early reduces morbidity and mortality due to HIV, and recent studies have also confirmed the prevention benefits of early treatment in uninfected regular sexual partners of HIV-infected individuals.\"The overall decline in the region is cause for increased optimism, however complacency now could become our greatest enemy,\" said Dr Samlee Plianbangchang, regional director of WHO south-east Asia.\"Those most vulnerable to HIV are also among the least empowered and HIV prevention care and treatment services for these people need to be made available and accessible,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17437003", "title": "Agri-research should switch to Farming System: Chandra Shekhar Azad University", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR), with a view to increase both agricultural produce and farmers' income, wants to convert the mode of ongoing research in Agricultural Universities from Cropping System to Farming System.The Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology is among the 74 research centres in the country which have been enthrusted with the responsibility of motivating farmers to opt for allied activities other than farming to get more yield and earn more.CSA University of Agriculture and Technology participated in the recently concluded 30th National Bi-Annual Workshop of All India Co-ordinated Research Project under the aegis of Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) in Goa, where the dire need for changing research pattern to Farming System was discussed in detail.Talking to TOI, assistant professor Naushad Khan, spokesperson for CSA university said, \"Our job is to conduct location specific survey of the farming system currently in use by the farmer and thereafter develop Integrated Farming System (IFS) accordingly. An IFS model is already operational on-station (in CSA university campus). With this model, CSA has managed to earn Rs one lakh more than what was earlier earned from the same piece of land.\"He also said that for every piece of farming land where crops are cultivated, the IFS is developed separately.The scientist further added that at the workshop, it was discussed that farmers are unable to provide balanced nutrition to crops on farms as a result of which nutritional deficiency is seen in both human beings and livestock. Therefore, the scientists said farmers should be educated about the importance of practices such as adding zinc sulphate to their crops. Zinc helps in reducing cholesterol from human body after its intake, said Khan.Naushad Khan further said the scientists of CSA university will be putting into practice ICAR's new model-Farming System into practice for the benefit of the farmers. \"The focus will be on developing climate smart crossing system to mitigate the affect of climate change.Not only this, we want farmers to give maximum output in terms of produce from the available resources. The expert opinion will be given to farmers by the CSA scientists,\" added the CSA spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438899", "title": "Kanye impatient with Kim's impending divorce", "text": "Rapper Kanye West reportedly wants his girlfriend Kim Kardashian's divorce proceedings with estranged husband Kris Humphries to end soon so he could tie the knot with her.Kim married NBA player Kris during a televised wedding in 2011 but announced separation withing 72 days.However, the divorce settlement is taking longer than usual because Kris demands annulment of wedding rather than becoming a divorcee.\"The only thing he wants to give Kim for Christmas he cant ... he wants her to be free from this b******t dude,\" hollywoodlife quoted a source as saying.\"It's been going on way too long and he hates this... you don't understand how much he despises him. He hates this dude with a passion,\" the source added.Kim and Kanye have been dating from over six months and have been very open about their relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17433459", "title": "Another Indian couple held in Oslo for child \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcabuse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: A year after Norwegian authorities snatched away two kids of an Indian family and put them in foster care, Oslo police have arrested an Indian techie and his wife on charges of scolding their seven-year-old kid.Earlier this year, V Chandrasekhar of Hyderabad was posted to Oslo and he left with his wife, Anupama, and their two minor children, Sai Sriram and Abhiram. In February, Sriram urinated in school and was scolded by his parents who allegedly threatened to send him back to India if he repeated the act.A few days later, after repeating the act in school, Sriram told his teachers that he was scared to go back home fearing more scolding. That's when authorities in Norway, governed by strict child welfare laws, got in touch with the Norway Child Protective Service (NCPS), which promptly took the boy into custody and served notices to the couple.After observing the boy for over one month, Oslo authorities said Sriram was hyperactive and required more care from his parents, who in July this year had come back to India.After Chandrasekhar went back to Oslo for a short period in October for work, he was summoned by NCPS for a hearing. His wife Anupama also joined him and they both appeared before the hearing committee this week when they were arrested.The Norwegian high-handedness follows the same script that put Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya through hell last year for months after their kids were taken away on allegations that the parents were mistreating them. The Norwegian child care agreed to hand over Abhigyan and Aishwarya back to the family after months of negotiations.Now, three days after Oslo police arrested Chandrasekhar and Anupama, their family back home is clueless how to get them back. L Veerabadhra Rao, father-in-law of arrested Tata Consultancy Services engineer Chandrasekhar, has requested the Indian government to help him bring back the couple to India.\"If parents reprimand their child of wrongdoing, is it in any way a crime? We are completely taken aback,\" said V Sailender, a close relative, on Friday, who along with other family members is meeting government officials to try and secure the couple's release.Late on Friday, Andhra Pradesh CM Kiran Reddy directed chief secretary Minnie Mathew to take necessary steps to secure their release, the CM House said. The Indian mission in Oslo is also learnt to have offered consular support to the arrested Indian couple and help them file an appeal.\"Some organisation called Bhanavana in Norway after studying Sai Sriram for six weeks declared that he is hyperactive. But how can reprimanding a child be treated as a criminal offence?\" Sailender said, while confirming the couple was immediately arrested and sent to judicial custody after the hearing.Sriram has been keeping to himself and in the care of his grandparents in Miyapur. \"He is playing at home but is regularly asking about his parents and wanting to know when they will come back,\" Sailender said.As per the original itinerary, Chandrasekhar was supposed to return from Norway on November 29, the day his visa was scheduled to expire.Family members said until now, Norwegian officials have not officially sent any communication about the arrest. \"It was Chandrasekhar's neighbours who informed us about their arrest,\" Veerabadhra, father in-law of Chandrasekhar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436554", "title": "Two robbed of gold chains in 24 hrs", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons, including a woman were robbed of their gold chains in the city in the past 24 hours.In the first incident, the Shahpura police said that the complainant, Roly Patidar was heading towards her home in Bawadia Kalan on a two-wheeler, when two bike-borne persons snatched her chain worth Rs 15,000 on Dana Pani road and sped away.The second incident took place on Kolar road under the Kamla Nagar police station. Complainant Nishant Gupta stated that he had gone to drop his friend Kanishk Mehra when two persons who wereon a bike pounced on Mehra and escaped with his gold chain worth around Rs 1.25 lakh, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17429942", "title": "RP Singh hitched", "text": "RP Singh is hitched. The cricketer tied the knot with long-time girlfriend Divyanshi in Ahmedabad on Friday. Singh, who hails from Rae Bareilly, UP, will throw a reception in Lucknow on December 5, which is expected to be attended by several players from the Indian squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436642", "title": "6 of inter-state gang grilled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation questioned six members of an inter-state gang in the case of murder of Sham Mall owner Amarjeet Singh. Police busted the gang on Wednesday and the gang members are currently in police remand.CBI sources said the gang members were suspects in the May, 2009 murder. The accused were questioned by the CBI at the Daria police post on Friday. The gang members, who belong to West Bengal, were planning to rob a bank. However, Chandigarh police DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said, \"We have no such information about the involvement of this gang in the murder of the owner of Sham mall. Our probe is on.\"Amarjeet Singh was shot dead at the entrance of his Sector 35 residence by two unidentified men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17434516", "title": "Two unnatural deaths at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police registered two unnatural deaths on Friday. In the first case, a newly married woman succumbed to burn injuries while in the second case, a 60-year-old man allegedly committed suicide.In the first case, Revati Parshuram Puri, 23, resident of Dayanandnagar-Dharbandora, died due to burn injuries, on Friday. Police said that since she was newly married, the case has been handed over to Dharbandora sub-divisional magistrate for investigations.In the other case, Ghatsu Dhaku Shinde, 60, a resident of Mhalsawada-Curti in Ponda, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17436980", "title": "If greed is the vice, charity is the virtue", "text": "MUMBAI: When I struggle to understand the world, I often remember that all I really need to learn I can learn from children. I can learn from the wonder with which they see the world, from their ability to live completely in any given moment, from the way they can both laugh and cry freely, from their unconditional love, trust and belief.I often wonder why and how and when we lose those things that we know to be natural and right when we are children. Most of what I have learned about greed, and its opposite charity, I have learned from the children in my life. In the early days of Akanksha, I remember organizing a party for our children at a club. There was much excitement around the games, balloons, chips and ice-cream.I remember noticing that Parsuram, one of our five-year-olds just stood with his ice-cream, and when I asked why, he said he wanted to take it home to share it with his sister. I told him it would melt. He said that was okay. He really wanted to share it with his sister.When my daughter Samara was eight, she was preparing for a three-legged race for her school sports day, and came home excited to tell me that her partner was her best friend Parthavi. Parthavi and Samara had been best friends for four years. My reaction was to ask Samara if it made more sense to find a partner who was closer to her height. It's hard to win, I said, if you both are such different heights. I remember my daughter's face change, and she looked at me and said, \"Mama, what is more important ? Winning, or letting my best friend down?\"Earlier this year, I met Raghu. Raghu was afflicted with polio as a child, and lost the use of his legs. He shared that when he was 15 and living in a poverty-stricken rural family, he went to his parents and told them he did not want to be a burden on them and was leaving home. Raghu got onto a train with no money, landed up serving at a Gurdwara, and found his way to Ahmedabad where he now runs a significant part of an NGO working with rural women and handicrafts. Where did you get the strength, I asked. At 15? Being around Raghu you feel calm and at peace. The strength is there inside us, he replied. We just need to know it is there and to look for it.I think about why Parsuram and Samara and Raghu chose to give and not take. Why a five-year-old wanted to share his ice-cream, why an eightyear-old chose friendship over winning, why a 15-year-old chose to make a life for himself so that he wouldn't be a burden on a struggling family. All three seemed to understand what was important. All three seemed to understand that there is peace and happiness that comes from doing something for others. All three taught me a little more about our infinite capacity to think beyond ourselves.And thinking beyond ourselves causes such important ripples. I remember stopping one hot, dusty, Mumbai afternoon to talk to a little girl on the street. She wanted money, and when I said no, she pointed to a coconut vendor across the street. I remember how she took five full minutes to choose the biggest coconut she could find, and how we sat down on the street with our coconuts as she chatted with me about six-year-old stuff. As we sat there, a man across the street watched us and then crossed over, took out an apple from his bag, and gave it to the little girl. It felt like he had always wanted to do that, but was unsure. He just needed to see someone else do it first.Four years ago, at the Riverside school in Ahmedabad, a little project called Design for Change was born. The idea was to give children an opportunity to change something about the world that they weren't happy with. Today, children across 38 countries are designing and executing projects for change. From fighting against child marriage to negotiating with schools to lessen the weight of their schoolbags, 20 million children are thinking beyond themselves.Last week, in Chile, I walked into a school for the poor and saw children discussing a project that they had just finished: they set up a band in a community to attract people to a space where they had collected stray puppies for adoption. I was amazed to see that desire for change had spread to children on the other side of the world. I just happened to walk into this class.Five hundred Teach For India fellows are spread across such schools, working relentlessly to put their children on a different life path. I'm seeing increasingly how their impact is spreading. Parents are starting to think differently. Other teachers in the schools are creating new visions for education. Society is beginning to see that teaching is aspirational. And after the two-year Teach For India Fellowship, a growing force of alumni are working across sectors to end educational inequity.We have an infinite capacity to give. I ask myself often how I can give more, and therefore lead by example for our children. I am reminded that Gandhiji spoke of how there is enough for our need, but not for our greed. How Sr Cyril opened up her school in Kolkata to 300 street girls, telling parents that like she teaches maths, she also teaches compassion.I imagine a world where we think beyond ourselves, so that the world we create is kinder, more forgiving, more gentle. I wonder how we can make good our default option. I wonder what the world would look like if it was easier to give than take, easier to share than hoard, easier to be good than not. I wonder what the world would look like if we learned more from our children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439068", "title": "Vivekh and Santhanam battle it out", "text": "Two of the top comedians will battle it out in the sequel to Suriya's hit film Singam. While Vivekh brought the audience down with his witty anecdotes in the original as Ettu Erimalai, Suriya had the audience glued to their seats with his action-packed scenes. Sources say that Vivekh will mostly reprise his character in the sequel.But to the surprise of many, the director of the film, Hari, has also decided to include Santhanam in the film. At the same time, the director has ensured that the top two comedians don't really clash for screen space, and hence, has got two separate tracks for the comedians.While Vivekh will continue to entertain as Ettu Erimalai, Santhanam will be introduced in a separate comedy track as a new character. The film stars Suriya and Anushka. Hansika has joined the cast as well as another female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436622", "title": "No implementation of findings so far", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There has been virtually no action on most of the issues discussed in earlier meetings, especially on better traffic management and transport, which figured in three of the five meetings held so far.Issues pertaining to transport, education, health, security and progress of the master plan were discussed on Friday. In the second meeting on September 10, 2010, with the agenda of handling traffic chaos, suggestions were sought from 34 members. But no formal proposal has been finalized till now. Two key proposals made by members were restricting number of vehicles entering the city and imposition of congestion tax to dissuade people from using personal vehicles.UT administrator Shivraj Patil was of the view that it was a decision which would have far-reaching implications and the administration would like to go with the Centre's policies. Patil said the matter regarding imposition of congestion tax would require proper examination.The third meeting in 2011 had conservation of heritage as its sole agenda. It approved a report prepared by the heritage committee. Still, no steps have been taken to implement its findings. Two sub-committees made their presentation. The recommendation of the sub-committees regarding identification of government and private buildings was that the city's urban landscape be divided into three heritage categories.The first category would have buildings of sacrosanct nature where no external or internal changes would be permitted.Under the second and third categories, certain need-based changes will be allowed after approval of the heritage panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434978", "title": "Irregular treatment of asthma can be life-threatening: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the backdrop of the fact that India is home to 10% of the world's asthma patients (around 30 million people), a leading pharmaceutical company of the country in collaboration with doctors has organised an awareness programme named 'breathe-free yatra' to spread awareness on the various aspects of the ailment and its treatment.After covering rural pockets of Gorakhpur and Varanasi, the yatra was taken out through various rural blocks of Allahabad. \"During the yatra's four-day stay here, the rural folks would be made aware of facts related to asthma through CDs, pamphlets and other campaign items. If anyone wants to see any particular CD again, he or she can see the same on demand\", said Dr Ashish Tandon. After undertaking tours in Allahabad, the yatra would be going to Lucknow, he added.He further said the yatra will help in early diagnosis and adherence to inhalation therapy and discuss effective and affordable asthma control. Patients of asthma who are not regular with their treatment run the risk of asthma attacks which often requires admission to hospital and can even be life-threatening. If asthma is treated as per guidelines provided by various national and international organizations, the cost of managing asthma can be reduced tremendously both for the individual and the government, he added.The expert said asthma is a chronic respiratory disorder of the lungs in which there is inflammation of the airways in the lungs. Due to this inflammation, the airways are narrowed and the lung becomes vulnerable to various allergies which act as triggers for an asthma attack. Dust, cold, pollen, furry pets, viruses, smoking and air pollutants, and even emotional agitation act as triggers for an asthma attack. The usual manifestations of asthma are often seen as a single symptom like cough which is more severe at night or early in the morning and remains persistent despite intake of various cough syrups and medications. Asthma symptoms vary from person to person and it is important to watch them carefully for a correct diagnosis by the doctor, said Dr Tandon.Although asthma is not curable, it is possible to gain complete control over it and lead a normal active life. There are several therapies and forms of treatment for asthma available in the market. However, it has now been accepted globally that the best and safest way to take asthma medication is by inhalation as it reaches one's lungs directly and starts acting immediately. But if one is on tablets or syrups, the medication takes time to act as the medicine has to pass from the stomach to the blood and finally to the lungs, explained the doctor.Commenting on the current scenario of asthma in India, Dr Tandon said, \"Asthma is a chronic disease which requires long-term treatment. Once they feel better, many patients stop treatment. This can be dangerous since stopping treatment can lead to reactivation of the disease and precipitate an asthma attack\". There are many reasons why patients stop medication, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435093", "title": "Man rapes daughter, sent to police custody", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 45-year-old man was sent to police custody till December 4 on Friday on charges of raping his 16-year-old daughter. The accused was arrested on the wee hours of Thursday from his house in the slum area of Jogeshwari falling under the MIDC Waluj police station.In her complaint, the victim has stated that on the night of November 6 her brother went for his night shift to a private company and her mother was away at Bajajnagar to meet her ailing mother.Around midnight, Sable locked the house door from the inside and raped her at knifepoint and threatened her with dire consequences if she spoke about it.She informed her mother on Wednesday, when she returned from Bajajnagar.Talking to TOI, senior inspector and in charge of MIDC police station Kishor Nawale said,\"The accused is a labourer and had been staying in the Jogeshwari slum area along with his wife and two children. He allegedly raped his daughter when she was alone at home on Monday midnight and she informed her mother only on Wednesday.\"The victim along with her mother and uncles approached the police. \"We sent her for a medical examination after confirming the allegation and the accused was arrested on Thursday. He has confessed to the crime,\" added Nawale.\"The girl is in a deep shock and we are trying to counsel her. We will try to ascertain whether the man was under the influence of liquor or any other drug at the time of the incident,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "marrakesh", "code": "17435377", "title": "12th Marrakech International Film Festival begins", "text": "MARRAKESH: The 12th Marrakech International Film Festival begins its run on Friday, with a performance by Malaika Arora Khan's Chaiya Chaiya.Amitabh Bachchan, who is leading the Indian delegation, observed that Indian cinema is one of the few things that bind people across the different parts of the world.Despite rains, the spirit of the opening ceremony of the festival was not dampened. Though there was slight change in the red carpet plan which, was shifted indoor due to the rain. However, when the Indian stars arrived, the rain gods bowed graciously and allowed them to meet and greet their crazy screaming fans.Sharmila Tagore, who is on the jury of MIFF declared the festival open, along with the rest of the jury members in Hindi. Those present at the opening ceremony included Karan Johar, Neetu and Rishi Kapoor, Arjun Rampal, Boney Kapoor along with Gauri Shinde and Balki. Sridevi will join her English Vinglish team on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436301", "title": "Crorepati MPs are influencedby big business: Bardhan", "text": "PATNA: Former CPI national general secretary A B Bardhan said here on Friday said that the Parliament is getting converted into a club of crorepatis, with 350 out of 543 MPs individually owning assets worth more than Rs 1 crore, and they are influenced by big business in framing policies in favour of the latter.He was giving a lecture on \"Corruption and Indian Parliamentary System\", organized under the aegis of Indian Association of Lawyers, Bihar chapter, at the Bihar Bar Council Bhavan, which was attended by a sizeable number of lawyers.He said Indian parliamentary system is based on democratic principles to safeguard the positive features of Constitution which stresses on economic justice. Instead, the play of market economy has been preferred in the neoliberal policies, favouring big business and others. This has caused gross economic inequalities in the society. Besides, there is no level-playing field in election politics as there is huge flow of money in elections and those having less money are mostly the casualty in poll results. A large number of crorepati MPs bear testimony to this fact, he said, and asked how could they be interested in the upliftment of poor people. Now everything is being decided by the play of market forces, in which profit motive is uppermost, at the expense of general good. He said people complain of corruption in public sector but they do not raise a finger against indirect corruption in private sector.Bardhan said Anna Hazare and the likes of Kejriwal were doing well in exposing corruption, but they had not yet struck at the root of corruption, which is the influence of big business in framing of policies in their favour. The loopholes in laws allow big fish to escape and there is no deterrent punishment for people involved in financial misconduct, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17436387", "title": "Colourful fish species named after Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: A newly discovered species of colourful, freshwater fish has been named after US President Barack Obama due to his \"global vision of environmental protection and conservation\" , scientists say.Five new species of freshwater fish called darters have been discovered in river drainages in eastern North America and named after four US presidents and a vice-president, Scientific American Running Ponies blog reported. Darters are the smallest members of the perch family, and are named after their ability to zip around, under and into rocks and sediment on the beds of clean, fastmoving waterways.Almost 200 darter species have so far been discovered, most of which live in the rivers and creeks of northern Alabama and eastern Tennessee. They are one of the most diverse groups of native North American fishes.The first of the new species to be described by the researchers in a paper to be published by the Bulletin of the Alabama Museum of Natural History is the spangled darter (Etheostoma obama ), the males of which are resplendent in bright orange and iridescent blue spots, stripes and checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436753", "title": "BJD to elect party prez on Jan 28", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amid allegations that the BJD was not following its party constitution, the regional party on Friday notified its organisational poll schedule. The Naveen Patnaik-led party would elect its next president on January 28.The party would hold elections for block and nagar units on December 26. Results would be declared the same day, the party notification said. Similarly, election and declaration of results for the party's 32 district units is slated on January 9, it added.The results of the state council will be out on January 21, state returning officer for the elections Pravat Tripathy said. He also declared the names of district returning officers.While the election schedule has been published and Naveen's re-election as the BJD president is almost certain, the ruling party's organisational poll has for the maiden occasion come under the microscope.On October 19, expelled BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra raised the 'violations' and alleged that Naveen had lost the right to be BJD president as he had not adhered to the party constitution. While Naveen never bothered to respond to the charges, his senior party colleagues brushed aside the allegations saying no violations had taken place.The truth, however, seemingly fell somewhere in between. Confusion also prevailed as to which constitution the party should follow: the original version adopted by the party during its formation in 1997 or the one 'amended' in 2011. While the term of officebearers, including party president, in the original constitution was two years, the new one has fixed it at three years.Tripathy said the amended constitution was in vogue and all due formalities, including the Election Commission as well as the party's state council approvals, had been taken care off. However, BJD insiders admitted that things were not very clear. \"Who knows what paper work was being done? At least I am not aware of the state council giving the green signal to the amended constitution,\" said a party officebearer, requesting anonymity.Pyari told TOI that the state council had met on January 9, 2011, and given its consent to the amended party constitution. \"The EC gave its nod in July, 2011, and the constitution came into force thereafter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436776", "title": "Cops, RTO team up to check 'unfit' vehicles", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The skeletal enforcement squad of the regional transport office (RTO) in Bhubaneswar is set to become stronger with the transport authorities joining hands with police to take on commercial vehicles plying without fitness certificates in the city.At present, the checking of unfit vehicles is being conducted once in blue moon owing to shortage of staff in the city transport office. Only three inspectors and four constables have been assigned to carry out raids on vehicles, whose population has increased astronomically to 35 lakh in the state capital.\"Police have agreed to help us for joint crackdown on regular basis,\" motor vehicle inspector Dipti Ranjan Patra said. \"We were earlier conducting the raids on our own,\" Patra added. Though the commissionerate police have been delegated with certain power under the Motor Vehicle Act, they are not empowered to prosecute drivers for not obtaining valid fitness certificate.The regional transport office registers nearly seven hundred cases, relating to vehicle check report (VCR) every month. Out of the 700 cases, around 250 VCRs are issued towards unfit commercial vehicles (auto-rickshaw, taxi and town bus). The transport department usually seizes the vehicles if their operators fail to flash fitness certificate. Sources said 15% of the city's total vehicle population is commercial vehicles.The RTO and police officials have decided to give priority to the fitness check of auto-rickshaws ahead of the proposed prepaid auto launch in the city. More than 17,000 auto-rickshaws run in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434617", "title": "Power rates go up across state from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the Haryana power distribution companies have decided to continue the fuel surcharge adjustments (FSA) recovery for next three months, consumers across the state will have to shell out an additional 17 to 45 paisa per unit in electricity bills for the next three months, starting from December 1.With a view to recover the amount spent by power utilities, the Haryana Power Generation Corporation limited (HPGCL) and the Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam (HVPN), in short term power purchase agreement and variable rates of coal spent in the year 2010, the distribution companies had levied the FSA levy in the month of September to November.Since arrears continued to be unrecovered, hence the distribution companies extended surcharge on bills for next three months, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17436800", "title": "Eradicated diseases make a comeback", "text": "MALAPPURAM: With infections and diseases like tetanus and diphtheria making a comeback in the district, the health authorities are planning to strengthen immunization programmes. This comes at a time when the authorities are already trying hard to fight new emerging diseases.Two tetanus deaths and a case of diphtheria have been reported from the district in six months. Muhammed Suhaib of Thriprangodu died of tetanus on Tuesday. In the second incident, reported from Othukkungal six months ago, a two-year-old boy died of the infection. A nine-year old girl of Tanur has been detected with diphtheria two days ago. It is the first time that a diphtheria case is being reported from the district this year.The district medical administration has urged the medical officers and volunteers to put in all efforts to give wide coverage for all the immunization programmes in the district.Tetanus cases reported in the district during previous years are -- a 11-year-old girl died at Tirurangadi in December 2010; 10 cases between 2008 and 2009; and five cases in 2007-2008.\"Lack of awareness among parents is the main reason for the re-emergence of the infection. It is due to the same reason that the district is lagging behind the immunization programmes,\" district medical officer (DMO) Ummar Farooq told TOI. \"It is learnt that the children who died of tetanus did not attend the pentavalent vaccination camps conducted by the department. Parents should be made aware of the importance of the vaccination,\" he said.DMO said the health authorities will launch camps in remote areas in addition to the monthly immunization programmes in rural and urban areas.Two tetanus deaths and a case of diphtheria have been reported from the district in six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436841", "title": "Pay 2,500 for health drink worth 250!", "text": "KOCHI: Keralites have lost a whopping Rs 1,000 crore in the past five years by enrolling themselves in pyramidal schemes of multi-level marketing firms that sell products, actually low-priced ones, at exorbitant rates. An investigation by the crime branch's economic offences wing (EoW) into the activities of a leading MLM firm had found that a car wash that actually cost Rs 40 is sold at Rs 250 and a health drink that cost around Rs 250 is sold at Rs 2,500 to people through pyramidal schemes of the firm.EoW SP P A Valsan said an investigation was on into the fraud committed by firms like Amway, RMP and MonaVie and the department would file a detailed report soon.\"The raids have helped us in seizing records that show the real cost of the products. A leading MLM company sells 119 products through the pyramidal scheme in the state. Each product is sold through the scheme at a price at least five times higher than the actual price,\" an officer said.A report prepared by Balwinder Singh, adviser, ministry of corporate affairs in consultation with the ministry of finance, ministry of consumer affairs, Sebi and RBI has also revealed the deceptive and fraudulent nature of schemes adopted by the firms.As per the report sent by the ministry to all states and police chiefs, the products sold by such companies are overpriced to pay the huge commissions to the top of pyramid participants and earn exorbitant profits for the company.\"The companies through their promotional literature, audio and video material and meetings with top of the pyramid participants motivate people to get themselves enrolled as members by buying a product and as is inevitable, majority of the members would not be able to benefit. They are made to feel that this is because of the lack of their abilities rather than the inherently deceptive nature of the scheme,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434356", "title": "Real apes reel as Mumbai splurges Rs 1,000 crore on weddings in a day", "text": "MUMBAI: As lakhs of Mumbaikars attended 30,000-odd weddings during Friday's special mahurat, anecdotal evidence suggests that over Rs 1,000 crore was transacted on the day. Wedding planners, caterers, decorators and music bands had their hands full as they juggled several venues all at once.Industry experts say the wedding market in India is worth over Rs 1.25 lakh crore, and Mumbai contributes a big share. \"People splurge up to Rs 20-25 lakh on the marriage day, not to mention sangeet, mehndi and the honeymoon,\" said Farhat Hussain, manager of Mayfair Banquets in Worli.Trousseau, wedding gifts, flowers, decorations, henna and makeup artists as well as photographers all come at a premium with demand peaking, not to mention gold that almost hit Rs 33,000 per 10gm this past week driven by the onset of marriage mahurats.Real apes reelHomogenized by Hindi cinema, the Indian wedding has ballooned beyond the nuptials and is now spread over a leisurely three to four days. Mehndi, sangeet and cocktail functions, once the preserve of a particular community or class, are commonplace. Small wonder that henna artist Jyoti Chheda was sleep-deprived from having worked 24/7 over the past few days.Five brides, all of whom were married on Friday, had requisitioned her services, causing her to shuttle from one house to another. Marked for four weddings, bandmaster Ashok Bhambri rushed from Ghatkopar to Vashi while deploying two teams to manage the rush in Chembur.Pandit Prakash Pendse of Thane performed at one wedding during the noon mahurat and another at 6.30pm, receiving a fee of Rs 15,000 at each. \"The affluent pay anywhere from Rs 50,000 to a lakh.\"The economic swing in the wedding market is so vast that all income groups find optimum choice should they shop in time. The Kite Bhandary community hall in Dadar is hired for as little as Rs 30,000-50,000 while Dadasaheb Gaikwad Sabhagruha at Four Bungalows charges around Rs 1 lakh, with a rider that the party use the inhouse caterer. \"The caterer charges Rs 600-800 per head,\" said spokesperson Vijay Jadhav.The catering is a mix of different palates. Jayaleela Banquets in Goregaon charges Rs 400-600 a plate while Mayfair levies Rs 1,600 plus taxes on its non-vegetarian menu. Mayfair Banquets' Farhat Hussain said Mumbaikars \"spend a bomb\", particularly on theme weddings that take place at night.Hours before the Friday noon mahurat, florists in Bandra fetched bundles of fresh tuberose, marigold and rose for decoration. \"These flowers are typically suited to an Indian theme, but there are clients who prefer the classy look of orchids and anthuriums,\" said Preeti Karma of Karma Florist.Despite the knowledge that people splurge on weddings, planner Rupali Goshalia was surprised by the thousand-crore investment in a single day. \"I myself advocate a simple, registered wedding to my relatives but no one listens,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434077", "title": "Jaguar crashes in Sikkim, pilot hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Jaguar \"strike'' fighter, on a training mission near the Line of Actual Control (LAC) with China, crashed in Upper Dzongu area of north Sikkim on Friday afternoon. The pilot, Flight Lieutenant Yogesh Kumar Yadav, suffered injuries though he managed to eject successfully.The fighter had taken off from the Hashimara airbase, where a Jaguar \"detachment'' from the Bhuj airbase in Gujarat was practicing flying sorties, at 12.48 pm. \"There was loss of radio contact with the fighter after half-an-hour or so. Later, we learnt from Army units that the Jaguar had crashed in a forest in north Sikkim,'' said an official.\"The pilot was rescued by soldiers and evacuated to a military hospital. He is not grievously injured,'' he added. Though the IAF has ordered a court of inquiry to ascertain the exact reason behind the crash, the Jaguars have been facing technical problems mainly involving \"under-powered engines''.As reported earlier by TOI, the IAF is in the process of upgrading its Jaguar fleet with advanced missiles, avionics and the much-needed more powerful engines. An RFP (request for proposal), for instance, has been issued to M/s Honeywell Aerospace, the US-based manufacturer of aircraft engines and avionics, to \"completely re-engine'' 125 Jaguars and provide 270 F-125IN turbofan engines.The Jaguars have long constituted a crucial part of the IAF's strike capabilities, capable of delivering even nuclear weapons if required, apart from having a maritime strike role as well. IAF had inducted 40 Jaguars from UK from 1979 onwards, which was later followed by indigenous licenced production by the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438668", "title": "Vairamuthu's novel into a movie soon", "text": "Award winning lyricist Kavipperarsu Vairamuthu's novel 'Thanner Dhesam' is set to be made into a movie by Shivan S, who will be directing his third film. The camera is being held by V Thiagarajan, an associate of leading cinematographer Rathnavelu.The movie is said to be a romantic sea based adventure film also titled ' Thanneer Dhesam '. Vairamuthu will be writing the lyrics as well as the dialogues for this dream venture while the music is being orchestrated by C Sathya of Engeyum Eppodhum fame, who was awarded the Best Debut Music Director for 2011. There will be 5 songs planned for this movie.The shooting is being planned at Thoothukudi, Chennai and Andaman Island. Red Earth Movies Productions ,a Malaysian based company will be producing this dream venture. The producers Nivas Ragavan &Yuvaraj; Sowma are convinced the dream project will be the most awaited movie for 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436074", "title": "Senior cops to man beat chowkies", "text": "NASHIK: The city police commissionerate has started strengthening beat chowkies by posting APIs and PSIs to head the teams of constables. Earlier, the chowkies were manned only by the constabulary.The upgradation has been completed in Zone I, which has been divided into 25 beat chowkies manned by 26 police officers, seven assistant police sub inspectors, 35 head constables and 50 constables. Meanwhile, the DCP Zone II had decided to divide his jurisdiction into 19 beat chowkies and will be operational soon.The city police commissioner was contemplating to upgrade the police chowkies in the city and strengthen them to tackle law and order issues arising in their respective jurisdiction.While the number of beat chowkies has been kept more or less same like the earlier police chowkies, DCP Sahebrao Patil informed that additional senior officers upto the post of Assistant Police Inspector would be posted.The DCP said that the cops at the concerned beat chowkies will not only patrol their respective jurisdiction but will also ensure that they keep a check on the criminals by constantly visiting their residences, spread awareness among the residents by organising continuous meetings in residential societies as well as slums, put up fixed points, etc, while maintain law and order.Senior police inspector of the Gangapur Police Station Shashikant Mahajan informed that there were three beat chowkies in his jurisdiction.\"In a beat system, the concerned in-charge of the beat chowkie will function in the same way as a senior police inspector functions at the police station level. Earlier, the police head constables had to refer the complainants to senior officers at the police stations, but now the officers are deployed at the beat chowkies itself, who are supposed to listen to the grievances of the people, accept applications, intervene in quarrels, etc, apart from patrolling the area during the day and night hours\" added Mahajan further.The police had decided to make functional 48 police chowkies throughout the city, but since Zone I had managed to wrap up their set up in 25 beat chowkies and Zone II has decided to set operational 19, there will be 44 beat chowkies in the city.The cops at the concerned beat chowkies will not only patrol their respective jurisdiction but will also ensure that they keep a check on the criminals by constantly visiting their residences, spread awareness among the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436712", "title": "Students raid Utkal University office over water", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A group of Utkal University students ransacked the PG council office on Friday protesting against shortage of water in their hostels.Sources said around 20 hostel boys staged a demonstration in front of the office and damaged furniture and flower pots. \"It is a recurring problem. Every morning we discover there is no water,\" said one student. The two hostels suffering from water crisis have around 400 single occupancy rooms. University sources said the first and second floors of the hostels face water problem because the PHED supply does not have enough pressure to pump up to these floors. As an alternative, the varsity has a deep bore well. But it has not been working since the past few days.\"We are trying to restore the bore well supply. As a stop gap arrangement, we have deployed a water tanker in the hostels,\" said the varsity PG council chairman P K Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435586", "title": "Satyam scam trial to begin soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prolonged process of recording evidence in the Satyam scam case was over on Friday and the case is all set to enter the key and final phase of trial from Wednesday. The biggest-ever corporate fraud in India Inc came to light with the confession by Satyam Computers founder B Ramalinga Raju about fudging the company accounts on January 7, 2009.Raju, his two brothers, his auditors, Satyam finance department officials are the accused in the case and have been charged with painting a rosy picture of the company to lure public into investing in the company's shares only to sell the management shares.Raju was charged with making as much as Rs 2,000 crore gain in the process which he invested in the real estate market apart from allegedly infusing some part of the amount back into the company to sustain the rosy picture for some more time. The CBI which investigated the case cited 226 employees, officials, bankers, etc, as its witnesses and the defence team of Raju cited eight witnesses and the job of recording the statements of all of them was completed on Friday.According to legal sources, the arguments phase would begin from Wednesday. CBI would first argue its case seeking stern punishment to the accused and this is likely to take three or four days. Then the defence lawyers may put forward their arguments pointing out their side of the storyThe judgment will be pronounced after the judge goes through the matter. This might take two months. After that the case launched by Enforcement Directorate (ED) under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act would go to trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434602", "title": "Indian Institute of Management Confluence discusses after-effects of slowdown", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After-effects of slowdown and its several aspects were discussed on the first day of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) Confluence 2012 on Friday.The three-day annual business summit also focused on the theme - Changing Winds, New paradigms for Leadership. It was inaugurated by IIM-A director Samir Barua.\"Today's virtual world is making things move much faster than ever before. A person has to keep running in order to keep pace with the changes that are happening in the world around us,\" Barua said in his opening address.As part of the first speaker series, Debjani Ghosh, managing director, sales and marketing, Intel - South Asia , Arindam Bhattacharya, partner and managing director, Boston Consulting Group, and Sudhir Vasudeva, chairman and managing director, ONGC , addressed students from various institutes across the country.The theme of this year's Confluence seeks to address questions regarding the future role of leaders in shaping society amid an increasingly challenging and swiftly changing environment which is still recovering from the aftereffects of the global economic turmoil.Ghosh stressed on the importance of three qualities that would ensure success for aspiring leaders - the foresight to spot emerging trends, knowing how to collect and make use of customer data and confidence and authenticity in dealing with various stakeholders.Bhattacharya reckoned, in such a global environment, greater business model adaptability, increased focus on training leaders to amplify influence and customized business models targeted towards Asia are key factors which would help companies succeed. Vasudeva spoke about key factors which, according to him, would be critical for future. He spoke of the need for collective leadership in organizations to successfully overcome challenges.The day also saw a gamut of workshops on topics such as corporate social irresponsibility, marketing simulations and customer relationship management. and how ancient wisdom can help in entrepreneurial success. About 700 students from various business schools and engineering colleges are participating in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436202", "title": "Newlyweds off to foreign shores", "text": "PATNA: Honeymoons are no longer just about visiting a local beach or a few mountains in limited budget. Now GenNext prefers adventure blended with romance at exotic places and pristine beaches. So, foreign destinations are attracting more and more newlyweds in the city.\"Nowadays, there are several packages available for holidaying in different destinations abroad and come for anywhere between Rs 50,000 to Rs 5 lakh, which even small town people are able to afford,\" said Afzal Razavi, owner of a travel agency, NK Travels.\"The all-time favourites, for the first-time international travellers with limited budget, are the east Asian countries, especially Singapore and Malaysia,\" said Razavi, adding, \"We are offering a package of Rs 45,000 for three days and four nights to couples opting for east Asian countries.\"For those ready to shell out more money, Europe is on top of the list of favourite places. Rajesh Kumar, owner of Indian Tourist Bureau (ITB), told TOI, \"We are offering a 15-day package for Europe for Rs 1.75 lakh per head to honeymooning couples, with stoppages in eight countries. The package also includes complementary seven days on cruise from Rome to London. And, there are many takers for this package.\"For couples interested in visiting the US, ITB has a 20-day package costing Rs 4 lakh per head for New York, Washington DC, Orlando, San Francisco, Las Vegas and Los Angeles.For those who want an exotic or adventurous location or a relaxing beach vacation, honeymoon trips to Australia and New Zealand can also be good options. Devendra Kumar, a doctor who is getting married to Bangalore-based bank employee Shobhna, has planned a trip to Australia. He said, \"From champagne breakfasts after a hot-air balloon flight to watching the Penguin parade, Australia offers everything. So I have chosen this place for my honeymoon.\"A city girl, Swati Dubey, who is getting married to Mumbai-based MNC executive Hemant Pathak, has planned a trip to the multicultural country, South Africa. She said, \"SA has an abundance of unique destinations with safari, adventure activities, beaches and delicious food. This wonderful rainbow nation place was my choice for its innumerable possibilities for romance and adventure.\"For those who prefer domestic destinations and still want adventure, Goa, with its beaches, fun life, water sports and lively nightlife, is the first choice. \"Since, most newlyweds prefer free atmosphere which can make their romantic moments a memorable one, Havelock Island in Andaman and Alleppey in Kerala can be a good choice,\" said Sanjeev Sinha, owner, Mamta Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436889", "title": "Two hit by truck, one dead", "text": "RAIPUR: One youth died and another severely injured in a road accident when a speeding truck hit them from behind early on Friday.The two youths were out for a morning walk at 5am near Oorga School under the jurisdiction of Oorga police station.The incident took place when deceased Jeetendra Gupta and Pankaj Ratnakar were taking a walk and the speeding truck coming from Champa, knocked them killing Jeetendra on the spot. Pankaj somehow called Sanjeevani 108.The truck driver fled the spot while Pankaj was admitted to the district hospital. The police say investigations are underway to find the truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434455", "title": "Re-notify Dabolim land, Willy urges chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: Describing the de-notification of the Dabolim land as a \"scam\", former chief minister Wilfred de Souza has urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to re-notify the land for acquisition and use it for parking as originally planned.De Souza, who claimed that he took the initiative to notify the land for acquisition when he was tourism minister in the Pratapsing Rane government in 2006, said two MLAs of the Dabolim area were \"bound to have benefited\" from the scam with the blessings of former chief minister. \"It does not smell of a scam, it stinks of a scam,\" said de Souza.The former tourism minister recalled that when Parrikar took over as chief minister in his earlier term, he requested de Souza to be the deputy chairman of the state planning board because both \"loved Goa very much and were ready to sacrifice for the state\".Souza said that if Parrikar still loves Goa so much, it is his bounden duty to re-acquire the land. \"He should notify the whole process again and use it for the purpose it was meant for, that is parking. Instead of talking in the air about taking over other lands, he should take back this land. Why don't you continue what was established by the ministry of civil aviation itself, the airport authority and others?\" de Souza questioned.The former Saligao MLA recollected that in 2006, he belonged to the NCP and therefore prevailed upon NCP leader and Union civil aviation minister Praful Patel to convene a meeting in Delhi to discuss the upgradation of the Dabolim airport.Patel and Souza attended the meeting in the Parliament annexe where among other things, it was decided to acquire the land for parking. De Souza pointed out that the land acquisition process was continuing till the Digambar Kamat government de-notified it.De Souza also said that he was advised by former naval chief admiral Suresh Mehta that a parallel taxiway at Dabolim would enable up to five times more aircraft to land there.\"There is no need for Mopa when Dabolim can be upgraded to handle all requirements,\" the former tourism minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436866", "title": "Ajit Pawar offers no comments on white paper on irrigation", "text": "PUNE: Former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday chose not to comment on the state government's white paper on irrigation projects. He claimed that he has not yet seen the document.Speaking at a rally in Pimpri Chinchwad, Pawar said it would not be proper to comment without seeing the document. Pawar, who had resigned a few months ago, after reports of irregularities in irrigation projects, said that he had done so only to allow'doodh ka doodh - paani ka paani' , to clear all doubts in the minds of people.\"Sometimes, when too many false things are said, and too many loud charges are made against a person, people start in believing them. I had resigned to clear the charges. I had resigned on my own. No one had told me to resign,\" he said.Pawar may not comment for another couple of days. \"I am on a tour of the region for the next couple of days,\" he said.Taking potshots at earlier media reports which had indicated a rift between him and NCP supremo Sharad Pawar , the former minister said party workers should not believe in such reports. Once again, new reports have started appearing about some differences. One such report says how my programme is being held two days ahead of NCP leader Sharad Pawar's programme on Sunday in Pimpri Chinchwad,\" he said.Pawar said he (Sharad Pawar) is the party's supreme leader who can visit Pimpri Chinchwad any time. \"In fact, any NCP leader can visit Pimpri Chinchwad at any time. Party workers should ensure that everyone attends these programmes.\"He also denied media reports claiming that there is a plan to bifurcate Pune district on December 12 . We have planned to bifurcate Thane district which has four MPs and 24 MLAs. For the bifurcation of a district, the state government incurs an expenditure of Rs 600 crore. The state is facing water scarcity because of a drought-like situation in many areas. It is necessary to release water from the dams for drinking purposes,\" he said.Pawar, who presented party appointment letters to various office-bearers in Pimpir Chinchwad, urged them to work unitedly. \"In the past, we have faced the consequences as the NCP lost Shirur and Maval Lok Sabha seats,\" Pawar said.Mayor Mohini Lande, NCP unit leader Yogesh Behl, MLAs Vilas Lande, Laxman Jagtap and Anna Bansode were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435492", "title": "SIT to speed up probe into cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: The piling up of cases of communal nature since 2010 at the Special Investigation Team (SIT) coupled with sluggish investigation have forced the new additional commissioner of police, crime, Sandeep Shandilya to crack the whip on his men to complete the given task at the earliest.The men associated with SIT are now on their toes, running around collecting bits of evidence. According to sources, Shandilya convened a meeting with his team soon after taking over charge some time ago and asked the additional superintendent of police, SIT, M Nagaraju to speed up the investigation of communal cases registered under Saidabad police station, Madannapet police station and Santoshnagar police station limits.During the initial review, Shandilya had found that though the communal cases were pouring in with regular intervals from the law and order wing, thorough investigation was not taking place. Case files also lacked basic contents such as statements of complainants or victims, photographs of burnt vehicles, medical assistance and opinions from doctors and forensic experts etc.In April last, SIT was entrusted with the responsibility of investigation into communal riot cases that took place in the Old City. Saidabad police had registered 17 cases whereas Madannapet police booked 14. They had also made some arrests. A few weeks ago SIT was also given 29 communal cases registered with Kulsumpura and Musheerabad police stations. There were also 22 cases that were registered with Charminar, Mirchowk and Moghalpura police stations in connection with the dispute over Bhagyalakshmi Temple. The stream of cases since April have only added to the problems of the limited number of staff who were struggling with cases that had been registered in 2010. SIT, set up in 1991, is the only agency that deals with all the cases of communal nature in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436692", "title": "Retired police inspector held for daughter's murder", "text": "PUNE: Ten months after Sunita Bhimrao Kamble (43) of Vakratunda society, Dhankawdi was found murdered in her flat, the crime branch (unit-II) led by inspector Sunil Patil solved the case following the arrest of her father Bhimrao Kamble (65), a retired police inspector who allegedly hatched the plot to kill his daughter in order to gain possession of her flat.The police have also arrested Sunita's brother-in-law Kalappa Shankar Kut (43) of Mira Road, Thane district, who strangulated her to death on January 14 this year. Kut's brother Babasaheb Kut (46) of Kolhapur, who destroyed Sunita's cellphone has also been arrested.Inspector Patil said that on January 14, Sunita was found murdered in her flat. She was strangulated to death by her dupatta. The killers had not left any clues. \"The Sahakarnagar police was investigating the case. But, Sunita's father, who is a retired police inspector had requested the police commissioner to transfer the investigations to the crime branch,\" Patil said.\"Our team comprising assistant police inspector Karbhari Handore, sub-inspector Rajan Jadgale, police constables Hari Ranpise, Sudhir Ghotkule and Santosh Pagar had visited Mumbai, Kolhapur and had also gone to Kerala in the course of the investigations. We were also keeping a watch on Sunita's relatives,\" Patil said.Patil said that the police managed to recover Sunita's cellphone from the Panchganga river in Kolhapur. \"With the help of the cellphone we managed to reach Sunita's brother-in-law Kalappa Kut,\" Patil said.He said that during interrogation Kut admitted to his involvement in the murder. He also revealed that his brother Babasaheb had thrown the cellphone in the river. \"Kut also revealed that Sunita's father had asked him to kill Sunita as he wanted to take possession of the flat, where Kamble and Sunita were living since the last two-and-a-half-years,\" Patil said.Patil said that on January 14, Kut had come to Pune. He also called his brother Babasaheb from Kolhapur.\"He went up in Sunita's flat, while Babasaheb waited under the building. After strangulating Sunita to death, Kut picked up her cellphone and asked Babasaheb to destroy it,\" Patil said.He said that when Kut reached Sunita's home, Bhimrao Kamble deliberately went out leaving the two alone. \"We have also booked Kut's wife for her alleged involvement in the plot,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434280", "title": "Central Railway GM says bright future for Ajni railway station", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Railway (CR) general manager Subodh Jain has said that Ajni railway station had a very bright future. He was in the city on his yearly inspection tour. \"With the loop line coming in, we can expect at least four to five trains to terminate at Ajni in the coming four or five years,\" he said.Jain also inaugurated the new base kitchen at Nagpur railway station. After inspecting the Badnera-Nagpur section of Nagpur division, Jain said that the most important part was the high speed run of 148km/hour for 22km.\"This gives us chance to explore the possibility of running trains at more than 160km/hr speed. Our new coaches and engines are already being made with this speed target in mind. A Japanese study has said that we can take the speed up to 200km/hr with what we have, practically we can achieve 180km/hr,\" Jain said.Jain also met gangmen and other staff, along with members of passenger associations. He also said that a High Speed Rail Authority has been constituted to look into the matter of bullet trains connecting major cities.Speaking on the compulsion of carrying ID cards in sleeper coaches, Jain said it was another effort by the railways to curb agents from black marketing tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17436948", "title": "1st-ever right to recall vote in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time in Rajasthan, an election for recalling an elected chairman of a municipal body will be held in Baran district on December 12 in accordance with the amendment to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act passed by the state assembly in March last year. If more than half the total number of voters in the district's Manglore Nagar Palika (municipality) favours the recall, the elected position of chairman - Ashok Jain -will be nullified. The move has been initiated allegedly due to Jain's highhandedness and non-performance.When TOI contacted Jain, who was elected as an independent candidate in November 2009, he accused Congress legislator from Anta constituency in Baran district Pramod Jain Bhaya of conspiring to remove him from his elected position.The voting for the recall is being held after the no-confidence motion that was passed by over three-fourth of the elected members of the municipality board on January 4 got clearance at the levels of district election officer, state's local self government department and state election commission.The municipality board has 20 elected members of which 17 voted against Jain during the no-confidence motion. Of the 17, 10 members were from Congress, five from BJP and one independent.Rajasthan's state election commissioner A K Pandey said that as per the amendment carried out by the state assembly to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act in March last year, voting for the recall of Ashok Jain will be held on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435131", "title": "Power utility directs GTL to speed up shifting of poles", "text": "AURANGABAD: The monthly meeting held by Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Limited (MSEDCL) on its premises resulted in arguments between the MSEDCL and GTL Urja, a franchisee company.The road widening work that was commenced about a year ago as a part of the city's development plan is facing many obstacles due to the delay caused by GTL authorities in submitting the quotation required for pole shifting en route.At present, the road widening work of three major roads is being carried out, namely, Shahaganjk to City chowk, City chowk to Gulmandi and Railway station to Kranti chowk.Although, marking has been conducted by the town planning committee for pole shifting and clearance of cable lines and residents areas have been chalked out, the GTL authorities have not yet submitted the quotation of the funds required for the work. The quotation needs to be submitted to the MSEDCL for approval and only then the corporation will sanction funds for the work.Chandrakant Khaire , MP, who chaired the meeting, directed the GTL officials present at the meeting to take immediate action. On the other hand, the GTL officials explained that a quotation has been submitted around five months ago. The MSEDCL officials said that although a quotation was submitted by the GTL, there were few points where rates of some items were requested to be revised as they did not match the rates of MSEDCL.The matter has been pending for over a year now. The quotation of revised rates have not been submitted due to which, the work cannot progress further, said, Parmeshwar Bansode, AMC city engineer. Another issue that was raised in the meeting was of the electricity poles that have become obstacles in Chelipura area and has led to increase in the number of accidents. Two accidents have already been rported earlier this week.The wiring work of street lights was also highlighted. Street lights have been installed without wiring since the past six months. Other complaints were focused on by the MSEDCL authorities over increasing the number of electricity poles for wiring purposes as the existing poles are overcrowded. \"Around a 100 connections are taken from a single electricity pole,\" complained an activist.A budget of around Rs 27 lakh has been sanctioned for street lights installation and another of Rs 15 crore for laying up of new lines and expansion of infrastructure. A number of complaints from citizens also came to light about faulty bills, demand of repair of electric lines that hang below the clearance levels and could cause fatal accidents.Demand of changing of load shedding times from Vaijapur tehsil also came from the citizens as their business was suffering.\"The load shedding times are in the evening between 6 and 10 due to which our business suffers,\" said a citizen.Eom/HN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438047", "title": "Santhanam pips Siva Karthikeyan", "text": "Comedy Super Star Santhanam and Siva Karthikeyan were in the race for Tamil remake of S S Rajamouli's Telugu hit Maryada Ramanna, but finally it has come down to Santhanam. The producers have roped in director Kannan to helm the film in Kollywood.Santhanam is all set to play the lead after a very long time. He played the hero in Arai En 305il Kadavul .Maryada Ramanna is about two warring families and how the last heir of one of the families ends up in the other's house by chance. The film has been remade earlier in Kannada as Maryade Ramanna and in Bengali as Faande Poriya Boga Kaande Re . It was recently remade in Hindi as Son of Sardaar , starring Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha.Santhanam is also playing the lead along with Power Star Srnivasan in his maiden production 'Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya' and is also part of the ' Settai ', the remake of ' Delhi Belly '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435621", "title": "Political bullies threat to country: Gopalkrishna Gandhi", "text": "KOLKATA: The number of \"political and commercial bullies\" is rising in the country, threatening the rule of law, former Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi cautioned at the annual Jagadish Chandra Bose memorial lecture on Friday.\"A sub-plot that challenged the rule of law is being played out in the shadowy corners of India,\" he said. \"The commercial and political mafiosi are exploiting the country. They pretend to be protectors but actually sustain exploitation.\"\"But we must remember that bullies create return bullies,\" he warned. It wasn't true that the rule of law didn't exist in India, he added.Gandhi accused politicians of dipping their hands in mining blunders. \"Illegal mining is a major problem and the issue hasn't been resolved. Forests, too, have been exploited. Land and water have been politicized. Since the ages, our rivers have held us. Now we hold our rivers. They have become flowing arguments,\" he said.India, Gandhi argued, now \"thinks about itself as its constituent parts, as shards\". It is now more attracted to its fractional parts, he said. \"Federal prerogatives are valuable as long as they make patterns with colours and not vice-versa,\" he said.India's offsprings are now demanding homeland, Ganshi said, adding: \"Linguistic identities led to the creation of Nagaland and the demand for Bodoland. But there are other issues involved as well. This idiom of homeland within the vocabulary of motherland is dangerous.\"India was going through a \"slow-burn\", Gandhi felt. \"The will to create a common cause has suffered. Idealism has taken a backseat. The reason is that we are no longer able to connect to a common cause which our forefathers had done so effectively. The 'I' factor has taken precedence and the size of the 'us' has shrunk.\"India was not just a geographical mass of land, Gandhi pointed out. It is also about the myths surrounding the country, the legends, its ancient civilization, natural resources, sculptures, monuments, murals and archives. \"While many of these have been efficiently preserved, others have been left uncared for. I wish they could express themselves through a TV channel,\" he said.India knew itself in bits and pieces, Gandhi concluded. \"Our self-knowledge is still utterly below the required level. We need to invest in cutting-edge technology. Vegetating in terms of status-quo could lead to India not knowing itself,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436244", "title": "Karnataka State Football association violating lease pact, says corporator", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Football association (KSFA), situated in Shanthi Nagar, may lose its land if the allegations made against it are proved.Alleging that the association had sub-leased a major portion of the land given to them by BBMP to a builder and to a fashion technology institution, Yediyur corporator NR Ramesh demanded a Lokayukta or CID probe at the BBMP council meet on Friday.\"In 1975, the city corporation had leased out 1,86,653 sq feet of land to KSFA for 99 years. One of the pre-conditions was that the land must not be sub-leased, failing which the contract would be cancelled by BBMP. But now the association has leased out land to a Mumbai-based builder who has a mall and plaza and also to a fashion technology institution. The lease contract must be cancelled immediately,\" said Ramesh.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said that the case will be looked into.KSFA reacts\"We have not violated the lease agreement and sub-leased any portion of the land given to us. The agreement with Raheja happened only after the then government (when Jeevaraj Alva was the sports minister) gave permission through a government order. It was also cleared by the then corporation,\" Karnataka State Football Association secretary E Krishna Narayana said.On the fashion academy functioning below the stands, KSFA treasurer AD Nagendra said: Other sports associations in the city have club houses. Likewise, we use the rent from the institution for the upkeep of the stadium. A high court order has made it clear that sports bodies can rent out a portion for the upkeep of the stadium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17438081", "title": "Valet owner turns thief, steal cars instead of parking", "text": "MANSA: Going to enjoy some marriage party avoid handing over your car to the persons posing as traffic arranger, your car could be stolen at later stage.Mansa police has arrested valet traffic and security agency owner who used to steal cars from resorts using interesting methods. Police has recovered two stolen cars from him. The person Sandeep Kumar, basically from Churu in Rajasthan was operating valet agency to arrange vehicles in marriage palaces, resorts and he used to identify soft targets while discharging duties of arranging vehicles.\"While arranging the vehicles, Sandeep used to either steal documents or keys of the vehicles to use these at later stages after stealing the vehicles\", said Mansa SSP Narinder Bhargava.SSP said the police had secret information that a person is trying to sell stolen vehicles at Mansa. Police set up a team to investigate the matter and during investigation police succeeded in arresting Sandeep Kumar, who is now based at Zirakpur near Chandigarh and owns Sharma valet traffic security agency, said SSP adding police recovered an Innova car. The other stolen Innova he had already sold.SSP said \"during questioning it came out that Sandeep used to get parking lots on contract at various marriage palaces and resorts. He used to collect car keys to arrange luxury cars at resorts and used to steal documents or keys\". The car police has recovered on Thursday few days back had come to attend a marriage function at Ludhiana' Pakhowal road resort. First he stole the documents and later when got an opportunity went on to steal the car, said SSP.SSP said some days back when he was discharging duties at a Zirakpur resort, he stolen the keys of a car and told the car owner that keys have misplaced. He dropped the car owner at his sector 15 Chandigarh residence to in own car too see owner' residence and got the driver along to get him the car. After few days he stole the car from outside the residence and changed the registration number plate of the car. The market value of both the stolen cars is estimated at Rs. 20 lakh and now Sandeep wanted to sell these near Mansa, said SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435925", "title": "Virtual reality takes over the real", "text": "JAIPUR: Instances where the virtual reality takes over the real, so much so that people tend to live in a denial of the present has got psychologists worried.Sixteen-year-old Anita Raj (name changed) spent hours on Facebook and Skype , chatting and commenting on her parents, relatives and friends' posts and display status. Since she was staying in the school hostel, such social networking sites were the medium through which she would interact with her parents, both running business enterprises of their own.A serious complaint from her school over cellphone addiction led to her parents disconnecting the net connection, a move that proved disastrous.\"She went into depression and took some antibiotics well beyond the dosage empty stomach. She landed up in a hospital. She was saved but refused to recognize her parents,\" said S S Nathawat, former head of department, psychology, Rajasthan University.Nathawat who has authored several books on behavioral patterns counselled Anita on her unusual behavior towards parents. His investigation revealed that Anita, who was in touch with her parents through virtual medium, only met her parents occasionally in the last two years. She was suffering from a syndrome called 'disassociation'-an extreme form of hysteria.\"In reality, she was not ready to accept her parents subconsciously. From two years she had interacted with her parents on Facebook and Skype.Even greeting 'Good Morning' or parents cautioning her to 'sleep early' or 'take food on time' were exchanged on the internet, which severely impacted her social discourse,\" said Nathawat, who had to hypnotize her to find the root cause of the problem.This is not an isolated case. Figures from police, counsellors and cyber crime experts raise alarm over the changing behavioral pattern between children-parents, student-teacher, husband-wife.A cousellor-cum-spokesperson at a private school shared an instance when she noticed a change in behaviour of a Class 12 student. When asked, he said nobody liked him as he was fat.Not satisfied with the answer she probed futher on which the teenager said that his comments on FB don't get 'likes' unlike his other schoolmates. \"He was suffering from inferiority complex and lost his self confidence,\" she added.The case of an Air Force officer, Anandita Das, committing suicide after an alleged fight with her husband over Facebook sent shockwaves across the state.Rajiv Gupta, head of department, sociology at RU has studied the impact of social networking sites on the society.He said \"Social sites have perpetuated individualism or ego-centric attitude, which is contrary to established culture of a family. Success and defeat is dictated by popularity on social sites.\"Explaining the adverse effects he said, \"Teenagers get addicted to these social sites very easily. Even a day's withdrawal can lead to frustration and depression. Children tend to become aggressive and emotionally vulnerable.\"Parents admit that they have done little to disengage their wards from the addiction of social sites. Prakash Hassani, a businessman, recently opened an account on FB only to monitor his 10-year-old daughter's activity. Many are trying to become fluent with such sites to keep pace with their children's fast movement on them.An overdependence on social sites also makes people unsecure of relationships. Many newly married couples approach ethical hackers to spy on their partner's social networking accounts.Milind Agarwal, a cyber crime expert working with Jaipur police, was approached by a woman married for six months to track her husband's activity on social sites as she doubted him of double crossing her.\"She asked us to furnish the details of all received and sent messages sent by her husband via his mail and Facebook account,\" said Milind, who refused to take the case because it is illegal to hack an account until authorized by the police.Nathawat too cautions people against such attempts.agreed that devoting excessive time with friends on such sites is becoming fatal for the newly married couples as they are used to such mediums and have seen or experienced its misused. Futher adding this trend, Yadav commented that On facebook, the conversation and observation proved that a large section of younger generation have move toward conservatism and orthodoxies which is a serious threat to democratic and secular thoughts, said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435671", "title": "Youth threatens to kill Jamia Millia University girl, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: An engineering student was arrested on Thursday for stalking and threatening to kill a 22-year-old MA student of Jamia Millia University.Incidentally, the youth had tried to kill the woman once in November last year: an act that had landed him in Tihar Jail for 11 months. But after the expiry of his prison term, he started stalking her again, police said.Jamia Nagar police have registered a case and even arrested the stalker\u00e2\u20ac\u201dan engineering student\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbut locals are not happy with the way police are handling the matter. \"She needs protection, but repeated requests to cops have fallen on deaf ears,\" claimed Fakiruddin, a local. Another local said that cops have not learnt any lesson from the Radhika Tanwar murder.Police said that in July last year, the MA student was returning home when one Arif, who stayed near Batla House, saw her and liked her. Gradually, he had a crush on her and even approached her with a love proposal, which she turned down. But this didn't dissuade Arif from following her.On September 19, 2011, Arif followed her once she came out of the university and shot at her. She was saved by timely medical intervention and Arif was arrested, tried and sentenced to 11 months in prison.But about a month ago, he was released. Arif also got married, but he didn't leave the MA student alone. On November 27, he confronted her at a bus stop near Batla House and threatened to shoot her in the heart. Frightened, she told her family about the threat, and they took the matter to the cops. Arif was arrested again on Thursday. \"We are aware of the threats; we will ensure that Arif does not bother her again. We are planning to press serious charges against him,\" said an officer.The number \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 1096 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d exclusively caters to the complaints against stalking and obscene calls. According to the crime branch, they have received a total of 20,076 calls last year, and another 21, 116 complaints have been registered this year via this number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435579", "title": "Cellphones in jail? One held for trying to sneak in batteries", "text": "MUMBAI: Are the cellphone jammers in Arthur Road jail active? According to sources, the prison's jammers were non-functional a few years ago and there were reports that inmates regularly used mobiles.In a bizarre incident, a team of policemen posted at the session's court on Friday nabbed a man trying to take three cellphone batteries concealed in shoes in the court premises.The crime branch seized another set of three batteries hidden inside shoes found on the court's fourth floor. The Colaba police on Friday evening arrested Mansoor Akbar Ali (35) and recovered three cellphone batteries that he had concealed inside his shoes.\"We have arrested Ali under Section 41 of the CrPC and further investigations are going on,\" said Shivaji Kolekar, assistant commissioner of police (Colaba). During the course of interrogation, Ali told the police that he had received a call from an unknown person to deliver three batteries to Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime (MCOCA) accused Akhil Mohammed who is lodged in Arthur Road jail.\"The scanner detected the batteries that Ali had brought in,\" said Krishna Prasad, additional commissioner of police (south region). \"The accused had made an incision on the soles and hid the batteries there,\" he added.In 2005, the government installed cellphone jammers in Arthur Road jail, but sources said they were not fully operational.The crime branch, which is probing into the shooting at hotelier B R Shetty, had found that Chhota Rajan aide Satish Tangappa had used a cellphone inside jail in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435524", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority plans land pooling system", "text": "HYDERABAD: To ensure planned growth in the Hyderabad metropolitan region, especially the Outer Ring Road growth corridor (one kilometre on either side of the eight-lane highway), the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has decided to implement land pooling schemes (LPS) in some pockets.Taking a cue from Gujarat and Maharashtra, the HMDA is mulling bringing amendments to the HMDA Act to make land pooling scheme mandatory. As of now, it is only optional in the state. HMDA officials are planning to implement LPS as thousands of acres of land are available in and around the city as unapproved layouts. Many of the land parcels do not have approach road, greenery and street lighting, leading to haphazard development in these areas.Under LPS, individual plot owners come together to develop a huge chunk of land, 100 acres or above, with the permission of the urban authority and provide basic amenities like road, water supply, street lighting and green space. However, the land owners would have to lose a portion of their land for infrastructure in the layout.In Gujarat, land pooling is mandatory. The state government (town planning officer) identifies land parcels and takes them up for development, during which property owners would lose 50% of the land. For instance, if a person owns two acres of land, he/she would get only one acre developed land, that too not in the same location as there could be readjustment of plots for road network and other amenities. Also, property owners have to pay for the development charges.\"The advantage of LPS is that value of the land will increase manifold though the owners lose some land. Apart from this, the land owners would get some benefits (like double the floor space index than the normal FSI for buildings in Gujarat). Planned growth will be helpful for the entire region,\" HMDA planning consultant AV Bhide told TOI.\"There is a provision for LPS under sections 24 to 27 of the HMDA Act, but it is not being implemented as it is voluntary,\" the HMDA consultant said. There are no sops for builders or developers who come forward for the LPS. Some townships and big projects have been carrying out LPS on their own.As it might take some more time for HMDA to take up development, the authority wants to encourage individuals or private developers to take up LPS along the ORR and extend it to other areas. It is also planning to hold a meeting with developers and interested persons to bring awareness about the LPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435642", "title": "Brand Hyderabad losing sheen? Blame power crisis not Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the last few years, the Telangana issue has been touted as the major factor that threatens to dilute Brand Hyderabad resulting in flight of investment from the city. With the TRS, T-JAC and Congress T men again beginning to flex muscles, apprehensions have begun to surface again. But the new reality is that it is not the Telangana issue but the extremely dismal power situation that threatens to damage Brand Hyderabad.Strange that it may seem, even IT and ITeS companies -which have gone a long way in giving Hyderabad its label as a technology city- are being subject to about 4 hours power cut daily. Since most of the companies work for their principals in the US or have to service overseas clients, they have no way out but generate power on their diesel sets to maintain uninterrupted power supply. \"We can't tell clients that we can't deliver because we have no power. Since diesel generated power is more costly, this means additional costs on us. Also diesel generation is environmentally polluting,\" an IT industry insider points out. According to estimates of the IT and ITeS Industry Association of AP (ITSAP), the industry body representing the sector, the costs of production have increased by 60- 70% due to this. \"We are in Hyderabad because it is cost competitive to be here. If due to lack of availability of reliable power our costs increase, why should we want to be here? More than the trouble due to the Telangana issue, this will be a decider about sustenance of Brand Hyderabad,\" the insider added. President of ITSAP V Rajanna points out that industry has been lured to the state by promise of uninterrupted power supply but this promise is being reneged upon.If this is the fate of the IT/ITeS industry, usually treated gingerly by the powers that be, the fate of other industries can well be imagined. According to Devendra Surana, president of Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI), industry has been subject to power cuts for the last 14 months but now the problem has intensified. There is three days power holiday and power is supplied only for four days a week. This has resulted in cutback in production, layoff and led to shortages and consequent increase in prices. \"What is the point in trying to revive growth when power shortage is driving away investments in industry?\" wonders Harry Dhaul, director general of the Independent Power Producers Association of India.\"If this is the situation in November/ December when the power demand is moderate, what will be the situation post February,\" asks an analyst. Most experts aver that by summer daily power cuts will touch 6 hours in Hyderabad, whose good infrastructure has not only been used to lure IT industry but also a cosmopolitan work force from other parts of the country. Till recently, Hyderabad was subject to 2 hours of power cut daily.Power supply in the state has been on the downswing due to a variety of reasons. Gas based power stations which account for 3,356 MW of power generating capacity are working at only a little over one third of their capacity. Reason: Fall in gas production in KG Basin leading to lower availability. Hydroelectric stations account for 3,839 MW of power capacity, but are only generating 700 MW of power. Reason: No water in the reservoir. This is due to the poor rains in the catchment areas of the Krishna where the power stations are located. Thermal power stations are also working much below capacity due to lack of coal. Reason: Coal supply from Mahanadi Collieries used in the state are not coming in adequate quantities. \"Presently, there is shortage of 7,706 MW in power in AP,\" points out Dhaul. Technically, power can be bought from other states and supplied in AP. But limited transmission capacity constrains the prospects of doing so. Free power promised to farmers for seven hours a day has also gone towards worsening the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435129", "title": "CBI files charges against Verma, wife, firm, ex-IAF man in OSA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday filed a charge sheet against arms-dealer Abhishek Verma and two others, including his Romanian wife Anca Maria Neacsu, for allegedly possessing secret defence documents and supplying them to foreign nationals in violation of the Official Secrets Act (OSA).The third person, who was charge sheeted, is a former Wing Commander of the Indian Air Force (IAF), Koka Rao, who was arrested by the CBI last night and was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days by the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (CMM) Vidya Prakash. Rao was arrested for allegedly leaking the confidential documents that were later provided to the agency by Verma's estranged business associate C Edmond Allen. Besides the three persons, Verma's company Ganton India Pvt Ltd has also been named as an accused in the chargesheet.Filing the chargesheet before the court, the CBI charged the accused with Section 3 of the OSA and criminal conspiracy. \"Abhishek Verma and Anca Mari Neascu and their associates, in a clandestine manner and after hatching well planned conspiracy, obtained the possession of these documents for any purpose prejudicial to safety and interest of India. They also communicated these documents and information to the persons who were neither authorized to receive them in any capacity nor Verma and his wife were having any kind of connection with the same,\" the CBI said in the chargesheet,CMM Prakash took cognizance of the charge sheet and slated December 11 for scrutiny of documents filed with it.In the chargesheet, CBI said that several e-mails containing the details of the secret documents were exchanged between the accused and other persons. It also claimed that an e-mail was sent by one Gili Golan, an employee of Ganton, to another person \"which shows the activities undertaken by Gili Golan, in respect of M/S Elbit Systems\". \"These e-mails also disclose that one Ehud Manor of Elbit Systems was coming to Delhi on December 8, 2009, which he did and during his visit to Delhi, he met Abhishek Verma and Yosef Raveh,\" the chargesheet said. Elbit Systems of Israel is executing several significant contracts for the Indian armed forces, and is also involved in indigenous MBT Arjun and Tejas fighter programmes.The CBI had registered a case against Verma and Anca, presently lodged in jail, on August 28 under the OSA on a complaint by the defence ministry. The CBI had sought Rao's custody for four days to question him on the conspiracy of the offence and to ascertain others' involvement in it.The court, however, rejected the CBI plea for his custody and remanded him to judicial custody till December 13. In the chargesheet, the CBI had said the defence ministry had on June 6 received a letter from Allen with some documents annexed to it. Upon verification, some of these documents were found to be \"secret\" and a complaint was made to the CBI by the ministry on August 27 following which a case under section 3 of the OSA (for passing sensitive information) and of criminal conspiracy under the Indian Penal Code was registered against Verma and his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436619", "title": "AIIMS Bhopal to conduct drug trials", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government may have banned clinical drug trails but, the All India institute of medical sciences (AIIIMS) Bhopal looks upon drug trials as a important part of its research programme. AIIMS plans to undertake drug trials once the premier institute's hospital is inaugurated on January 26, next year.\"AIIMS Bhopal unequivocally stands for conducting clinical drug trials,\" said AIIMS Dr Sandeep Kumar , at a press conference called to announce a five-day workshop on research methodology which begins on December 17. It would include a session on rules and regulations for conducting drug trials, including a one-on-one session with funding agencies.After allegations of misconduct in clinical drug trials, the Madhya Pradesh government in October 2010 banned drug trials in the state.Promising a good standard for clinical trials Dr Kumar said, \"We lag behind in quantitative and qualitative performance of randomized controlled trials (RCT). We hope to set a better benchmark.\" Dr Kumar is the ombudsman in an on-going drug trail on stem cell, considered one of the biggest ever in the country.Another workshop aimed at medical teachers of Madhya Pradesh would deliberate on research methodologies to improve health services in the state would be held on January 29. \"Regional impact and analysis would help better the outreach service of AIIMS Bhopal,\" said AIIMS dean Dr Kishore Chowdhary. The institute would explore for funding mechanisms for conducting research at the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17433905", "title": "Women's Indian Open: Young Aditi is star of the day", "text": "GURGAON: There are always astonished faces on the golf course when an amateur leads a world-class field. And when the amateur is an Indian, there is bound to be disbelief. But watch how 14-year-old Aditi Ashok conducts herself on the course and hear her speak, there seems to be no cause for surprise.The precocious Bangalorean was in a three-way tie for the lead at 3-under on the opening day of the tri-sanctioned $300,000 Hero Women's Indian Open and there was only a hint of a smile on her face. \"I am happy to be on top of the leaderboard with such experienced pros but I don't want to get ahead of myself,\" she said, shivering in the evening breeze.It has taken seven years of hard work and sacrifices to get this far!Ask her about the normal distractions of a teen, and there's no pause. \"I don't really do anything else. I just play golf,\" is the matter-of-fact reply.She was 5 when she went for a golf outing with her parents at the KGA and they couldn't get her off the putting greens for two hours. At 6 years she played her first round of golf and at 7, she was playing competitive golf in the South Zone. At 9, she won her first amateur event and the first professional event was won at 13. \"She deserves all credit,\" said her doting dad Ashok. \"You will always see her on the golf course. From the age of 6, she hasn't touched carbonated drinks and she hasn't seen a movie in the last 5 years.\" The list goes on and on.Aditi's normal weekday would start with a trip to the Frank Anthony Public School. Back home at two, she is off to the Bangalore Golf club for routine practice till 7. On weekends, BGC is her residence.Such dedication paid fruit this Friday, when she outshone most European and Asian pros on the pacy greens of the DLF Golf &amp; Country Club, having played the course for only the second time. Last year, she had exited with a total of 13-over and loads of experience. This year, she made a grand entry with five birdies slightly negated by two bogeys.She did start on the wrong side of the fairways with a dropped shot on the 10th but she instantly recovered with a 6-foot birdie on the 11th. After another similar celebration on the 13th, a pumped fist was on the way on the 16th where she sunk a 45-footer. Then, a fifth-hole bogey was sandwiched between welcome birdies on the 2nd and 8th.The teenager shared the platform with 30-year-old Becky Brewerton of Wales, who is playing with a big dent on her hip after a bicycle accident in January, and 42-year-old Stefania Croce of Italy.Defending champion Caroline Hedwall and Ladies European Tour Merit leader Carlota Ciganda were both reeling at 3-over after struggling with the grainy greens.Round 1 leaderboard:69-Aditi Ashok (A), Becky Brewerton (Wal), Stefania Croce (Ita) 70-Stacey Keating (Aus), Bree Arthur (Aus), Liebelei Lawrence (Lux), Florentyna Parker (Eng), Jaruporn Palakawong (Tha), Becky Morgan (Wal).Selected scores:73 (T-25)-Sharmila Nicollet, Nalini Singh Siwach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436528", "title": "Private, government schools begin nursery admission process", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admission process to pre-primary classes in city based private and government schools has begun with the schools uploading information on the internet and pasting notices. They are following the common admission schedule issued by the UT Education Department.Government schools will follow the common admission dates but private schools have fixed specific days from the schedule for the process. Private schools have mentioned the tentative fee structure in the list, with the provision that it would be subject to changes at the time of admission. All schools have given preference to siblings and children of school staff.At St Kabir School in Sector 26, children between the age of three and four years by March 31, 2013 are eligible for admission to pre-nursery class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436233", "title": "President breaks norm, calls on MK at his home", "text": "CHENNAI: For the 88-year-old patriarch of Dravidian politics, the occasion was one he would treasure among many others in his political career spanning five decades. History was created when President Pranab Mukherjee, breaking away from protocol, came calling at the C I T Colony residence of DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Friday. This is the first time that Mukherjee is meeting Karunanidhi after he became President.On Thursday, Karunanidhi gave an indication of the historic occasion when he told reporters that the President had promised to call on him before taking part in the diamond jubilee celebrations of the Tamil Nadu assembly. After being elected President, this is the first time that Mukherjee is visiting the residence of a political leader. He drove straight from the airport to Karunanidhi's residence, where he was received by party veteran and general secretary K Anbazhagan, DMK parliamentary party leader T R Baalu, Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi and former Union minister Dayanidhi Maran. Security was tightened around the house for the visit.The entrance to the house was decked up traditionally with decorative palm leaves and flowers. The wheelchair-bound Karunanidhi and his wife Rajathi Ammal greeted the President when he entered the house with a jasmine garland and Mukherjee in turn gifted the DMK chief a book and a music CD. Karunanidhi's younger son and party treasurer M K Stalin missed the occasion as he was in Thanjavur for a party meet.Party leaders, who were present, said the President and the DMK leader greeted each other warmly with Mukherjee conveying to Karunanidhi his gratitude for strongly backing him in the Presidential election. Special snacks, including Bengali sweets and cutlet, ordered from a five-star hotel were served to the guest. \"But the President did not eat much as both leaders recalled their memories about former Prime Minister I K Gujral. The official announcement about Gujral's death came around the time of the President's arrival,\" a senior DMK leader said. \"The meeting was very warm and cordial,\" he said.Mukherjee and Karunanidhi have always boasted of their long friendship. Mukherjee, in fact, kicked off his presidential poll campaign from Chennai. He had said then that he was doing so because Karunanidhi was not just among the senior-most politicians but also because \"my association with him goes back to the 1970s\". Karunanidhi had praised Mukherjee saying he was \"a precious jewel in the crown of the Congress\". The two, however, failed to meet during Mukherjee's earlier visit to Chennai on September 8 to took part in a function to mark 150th year of the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17432410", "title": "India records 57 per cent drop in new HIV cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has recorded a 57 per cent drop in number of new HIV infections during the last decade, say latest figures from the National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO).India has demonstrated an overall reduction of 57 percent in estimated annual new HIV infections (among adult population) from 2.74 lakh in 2000 to 1.16 lakh in 2011, said a NACO report released Friday.\"Major contribution to this reduction comes from the high prevalence states where a reduction of 76 percent has been noted during the same period. However, rising trends of new infections are noted in the some of the low prevalence states,\" the report said.The report, released by Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , also says nearly 1.5 lakh lives have been saved due to free ART medicines provided to HIV/AIDS patients.\"The latest round of HIV Sentinel Surveillance was completed in 2011. The data generated there has been used for estimation of HIV burden and projection of HIV epidemic trends in the country,\" a statement said.\"The HIV estimations 2012 indicate an overall continuing reduction in adult HIV prevalence, new HIV infections and AIDS-related deaths in India\".Released on the eve of World AIDS Day , the report says adult HIV prevalence at national level has continued its steady decline from estimated level of 0.41 percent in 2001 through 0.35 percent in 2006 to 0.27 percent in 2011.The estimated number of people living with HIV was 20,88,642 in 2011, the report said. It is estimated that about 1.48 lakh people died of AIDS related causes in 2011 in India. Deaths among HIV infected children account for 7 percent of all AIDS-related deaths.It is estimated that around 1.16 lakh new HIV infections among adults and around 14,500 new infections among children occurred during 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435893", "title": "Ponty Chadha murder case: Cops suspect income tax raid link", "text": "NEW DELHI: New leads in the Ponty Chadha shootout case point to a deep conspiracy, possibly linked to the tax raids at the liquor baron's properties early this year, sources told TOI on Friday. A day after crime branch booked Sukhdev Singh Namdhari for murdering Ponty's brother Hardeep in a shootout at the Chadhas' Chhatarpur farmhouse on November 17, investigators said he may have set up the brothers.Namdhari, sacked chief of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, was with Ponty at the time of the shootout.\"The questioning of Namdhari, his gunman Sachin Tyagi and Ponty's security manager Narender Ahlawat points to the possibility of Namdhari creating circumstances for a hostile encounter between the Chadha brothers,\" a source said.Trying to connect the dots of the mystery, sleuths are looking for a link between the shootout and income tax raids at two of Ponty's properties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Centerstage Mall and a Chhatarpur farmhouse \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in February this year. They suspect the raids may have proved a turning point in Ponty's relationship with Namdhari, who was living in the businessman's shadow.It was alleged after the tax raids that Ponty was tipped off by a contact in the IT department. No cash was found, causing acute embarrassment to the tax sleuths. However, police sources suspect the alleged stash of Rs 200 crore was handed over to Namdhari for safekeeping. Ponty is also suspected to have made large real estate deals in Namdhari's name, including a 50-acre purchase in Uttarakhand. Police now want to find out whether the thought of having to return the cash and properties to Ponty made Namdhari plot against him.The crime branch, however, has refused to come on record on these theories. \"All I can say at this stage is that Namdhari did not call his brother, son and more than three dozen men to Ponty's farmhouse on November 17 just to occupy it by force. We have received information that he did not return Ponty's cash hoard, but we did not find the money at his farmhouse. We will draw a conclusion only when we have documentary evidence,\" an officer said on condition of anonymity.A senior unnamed bureaucrat, who was questioned during the raids, is also suspected to be sitting on a part of Ponty's alleged hoard. Namdhari's son Surinder and maternal uncle Hardayal, who are wanted for questioning, remain untraceable.\"We suspect Namdhari provoked Ponty to seize the Chhatarpur farmhouse. That's why he came to Delhi three days before the shootout and arranged the logistics for the November 17 raid. Such elaborate arrangements definitely hint at a bigger conspiracy. He would have known that this brazen act of occupying the two farmhouses, which were part of a Rs 1,500 crore separation deal between the brothers, would enrage Hardeep to the point of taking up arms. He also knew that Hardeep would be accompanied by his men, so he had an army in place,\" said a source.Police are waiting for ballistic and forensic reports to ascertain whether bullets fired by Namdhari and his gunman hit Ponty also. \"If this is confirmed, getting the truth out of Namdhari won't be difficult as he will have no defence left. So far, he has been evasive in his replies,\" a senior crime branch officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17435207", "title": "No increase in emission reduction target for now: EU commissioner", "text": "European Union's commissioner for climate change Connie Hedegaard speaks exclusively to Nitin Sethi on the climate negotiations, says the EU's 27 member states will not agree to increasing the emission reduction targets in Doha.Excerpts from the interview:Q: By when do you believe the EU will ratify the Kyoto Protocol. Is there a deadline you wish to offer?A: I want to do that as quickly as possible. Some countries in Europe will be able to do it very very quickly. Other countries have it in their constitution that in order to ratify, they have to go through lengthy procedures. I think the important thing is in Doha to say that we will adopt something that is ratifiable and when we leave Doha, five weeks from then, starting January 1, 2013 it will have immediate application.Q: Your counterparts in China and India have said that EU is selling the same deal twice to the developing world by asking for more on the work plan of the Durban Platform against the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol. Would you agree with that?A: Of course not, we are not selling anything twice. We are standing 100% behind our pledge at Durban. But let me remind people, Durban was a package and in that package also was the decision to close down the LCA which is the other side of the accord. And of course, when we leave Doha we must agree that from now on our energies and forces should be towards making the new regime up to 2015.Q: Are you saying there are no conditions attached to the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol?A: I say that the other side of the coin that LCA will close down and we keep the Durban package together. We must make progress on all the things. That will only make sense if we are actually on our way to plan a new international regime. As I told you a few minutes ago, for all practical purposes starting January 1, five weeks from now, we will have immediate application. That is the reality. That EU has already almost achieved the emission reduction targets of 20% it has set itself for 2020.Q: EU should increase it at Doha. Do you agree?A: The 27 member states will not agree on that. As you know, it has been discussed there are different views among our member states. We have now reduced 18% compared to 1990. But that does not mean we only have a few percentages to go. On top of that, we have agreed and its in our law now, energy efficiency rules which will add some more percentages. We have rules for HFC gases, we have new rules for biofuels -- sustainable biofuels - I can mention many many more things. The consequence is through our very specific tools and means, we are actually moving beyond the 20%.Q: Am I wrong in reading into that you will not internationalize any commitments beyond 20% reduction at Doha?A: You have to understand we are a democracy consisting of 27 sovereign member states. If they have to go beyond the 20%, they all have to agree to do so. Some of our member states are going far beyond. But there is a remote possibility of EU in a very short time - within the next week moving to 30%. Its not possible to do so it in such a short time frame. But I am not saying that it does not mean that we are not moving up.Q: China has called for a roadmap for (upscaling) the finance under the LCA suggesting that there should be clear timelines approved of how the upscaling of finance would be done to reach the $100 billion by 2020. Is EU agreeable to it?A: I will come to Doha on Saturday night and I will look at the specific proposal but I will not sort of give you the impression that it is likely that Doha can sign up to more targets that what we have signed up to now when it comes to financing. I also think its important to understand that you will not see the amount of $100 billion delivered by 2020 from only public budgets - only public money - we will have to use the carbon markets. We are very open to look at revenue from international aviation and shipping. We think that when you need to come up with money, it has to be a mix of public money and private money generated through the carbon market.Q: The fast-start fund that the developed world has provided so far in most cases are neither additional nor new and a lot of that money is partly grants and partly loans. Would you agree with that assessment?A: We have delivered each year a very specific report showing how much money for each category. We have a list of this country and that region with this and that kind of project. I can say on EU's part that which money went where. And I think the developing countries, those who are receiving these funds - those who continue to claim that the money is not out there working - I have seen projects, lots of projects, where the money from EU at least is out there working. Its not paper money, its very very practical money helping complete projects. I am glad that this is how its used. But I think its very important to persuade the Europeans that the only thing we hear is that 'oh we never see any money'. You go African country by African country, you can see that the money has been implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435950", "title": "Temperature falls as cold winds blow over Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cold winds blowing from the western Himalayan region brought down Delhi's maximum temperature by seven degrees between Thursday and Friday. The day temperature on Friday settled at 21.6 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal though the minimum went up by a degree to 10.9 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal. Thursday's maximum temperature was three degrees above normal at 28.4 degrees Celsius.Friday was also the first day of dense fog over north India. Met officials said it developed on the northwest border of Delhi in Hisar, where visibility fell below 50m but did not cross over to Delhi. \"It may be temporary and its spread to Delhi may not be much. But, due to its impact and rain on Thursday, Delhi may have shallow to moderate fog on Saturday and Sunday morning. The chance of dense fog is less as Delhi has beenseeing strong winds which are unlikely to abate in the coming few days,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.The chill is only going to increase. Met officials have said the minimum temperature over northwest and central India is likely to fall by two to three degrees over the next three days. \"The minimum temperature did not change much because the morning was cloudy. However, the day saw cold winds blowing in from the hills of Kashmir and that brought a drastic change in the day temperatures. They may go up by a couple of degrees in the next few days but the minimum temperatures will also come down further,\" said a Met official.On Thursday, Delhi recorded 1.1mm rainfall. Palam saw a thunderstorm around 10.30 pm. The western disturbance that brought the first spell of winter rain here had moved eastwards by Friday afternoon and the weather is now expected to remain dry for the next few days. Rain and snow was reported from several areas in the western Himalayan region, while light rain was seen over parts of Punjab, Delhi, west UP and north Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17436140", "title": "Calicut University to drop exam reform proposals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University will withdraw its controversial proposals to entrust the conduct of examinations and valuation of answer sheets to individual colleges.In a move that will have serious repercussions, the varsity had prepared a draft order dated November 16 revamping the examination system giving the affiliated colleges, majority of them self-financing institutions, a free hand in the conduct of examinations including the valuation of answer sheets.Highly placed varsity sources said the varsity top brass has been forced to reconsider the draft order as the move had invited strong opposition from within the syndicate as well as from the student community and teachers' organizations.The draft order accessed by the TOI proposed to hand over almost all the examination related activities, hitherto conducted by the Pareeksha Bhavan, to individual colleges raising questions on the very credibility and confidentiality of the examination process.The unprecedented order states that the 'the valuation of the answer sheets of all semesters will be done by the teachers of the same college.' It also says that the head of department (HoD) of the subject concerned will act as the chief examiner.University teachers' and student organizations cutting across party divides have condemned the move stating that it would lead to loss of credibility of the entire examination process as the varsity does not have any control over the teachers of self-financing colleges.It is learnt that the university will submit a revised proposal before the academic council meeting which will be convened on December 17.K M Jayaram, secretary of the association of Calicut University teachers (ACT) said they suspect that the move was aimed to help the self-financing colleges, which have been beset by falling academic standards, boost their results.\"The university has a time-honoured system in which answer sheets are evaluated by the Pareeksha Bhavan after giving false numbers to maintain absolute secrecy. The confidentiality of the examination process will be a casualty if the varsity moves ahead with the new proposals,\" he said.Even the Congress-affiliated Kerala private college teachers' association (KPCTA) has opposed the move stating that there was something fishy in the exam reforms floated by the varsity.\"The order states that it is based on the recommendations of the Prof K A Siraj committee. But the committee had not given any recommendation to hand over the conduct of examinations to individual colleges as mentioned in the draft order,\" said Naseer K M, regional president of the KPCTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435074", "title": "Fruits and vegetable agents to go on strike from today", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Jadhavwadi vegetable and fruit commission agents have decided to go on an indefinite strike from December 1. Responding to a call given by the Marathwada Fruits and Vegetables Association, more than 250 agents would not participate in wholesale activities in the city till their demands are met, said president of the association, Yousuf Choudhary on Friday. Although retails vendors will not participate in the strike, non-availability of vegetable and fruits in the wholesale market may negatively impact supply.Moreover, if suppliers do not bring their agriculture produce to the wholesale market in view of the strike, it could lead to an artificial shortage and that would trigger price rise from Saturday. Involvement of fruit and vegetable commission agents in Pune and Mumbai in the indefinite strike would further aggravate the condition, Choudhary felt.The agents are demanding hike in the existing format of 6% commission offered to them for loading, unloading, weighing and sale of agro-produce brought to the market yard by farmers. \"Despite rise in the expenses in last few years, we are still getting only 6% commission. There has been no change in the commission since 1977,\" Choudhary said.He said the component of vegetable handling in the overall cost involved has gone up. The cost of transportation has also risen manifold. \"The agents have to invest huge amount of money. They purchase crop in cash from the suppliers, however the retailers do not pay on the spot. We have to give them credit up to four days. The labour cost has also seen an unprecedented hike. There is no option left but to go on an indefinite strike,\" he said.Nearly 60 to 70 trucks of fruits and vegetables from across the country arrive in the city every day. Additionally, the commission agents purchase crop from the suppliers at the Jadhavwadi market. The local retailers and even wholesalers from adjoining villages purchase vegetables and fruits from the commission agents.Potatoes arrive in the city from Utter Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh , apples come from Himanchal Pradesh, coconuts are brought from Karnataka and pineapples are brought from Kerala. Similarly, imported varieties of fruits come from Mumbai and Delhi. Farmers from adjoining districts supply green vegetables.Apart from this, the Association is also demanding basic facilities like regular cleanliness and proper approach road for the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436577", "title": "World AIDS Day: Truckers join campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Indian Public Health Association (IPHA), PGI, in collaboration with the State AIDS Control Society, (SAACS) UT, organized a community and cultural event on Saturday, at Transport Area, Sector 26, Chandigarh, to mark World AIDS Day. Indian Public Health Association (IPHA), PGI, in collaboration with the State AIDS Control Society, (SAACS) UT, organized a community and cultural event on Saturday, at Transport Area, Sector 26, Chandigarh, to mark World AIDS Day. Around 250 truck drivers participated in the campaign, which aimed at spreading HIV/AIDS awareness. IPHA project manager Tapan Singh said, \"It is time for us to stand together against harassment, violence and indiscrimination against people with HIV and protect their rights.\"A drawing and painting competition was organized at five government schools of the city. Free condoms and IEC material (information education communication) was also distributed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436294", "title": "Assembly to debate MNREGA bungling in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: State assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary on Friday gave the ruling that the House would have a special debate on the alleged irregularities in the implementation of the schemes taken up under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) in the state. He slotted the debate for Monday after the conclusion of the day's regular business proceedings.A Delhi-based NGO, based on its assessment of the implementation of the MNREGA schemes in the state, recently alleged irregularities worth Rs 6,000 crore. Following this, state rural development minister Nitish Mishra ordered a probe into the matter and also sought reports from various districts.Opposition RJD MLAs raised slogans against the irregularities under the portico of the House before it met. Later, four members, including leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqi, Samrat Choudhary, Durga Prasad Singh and Akhtarul Imam, served an adjournment notice, but the Speaker rejected it for technical reasons.However, Choudhary converted the text of the adjournment notice into a demand for special debate on the matter and slotted it for Monday.When newsmen later sought chief minister Nitish Kumar's reaction on the matter, he said the Speaker had given his ruling and rural development minister Nitish Mishra would give the government's reply after the debate.He said during his recent Sewa Yatra in the state, he had been flooded with complaints regarding the implementation of the MNREGA schemes. He had subsequently asked the administration to observe MNREGA Day in every district every Wednesday and get the work done under MNREGA probed by a deputy collector-rank official in every panchayat.Kumar said probes had been conducted in 2,500 of the 8,722 panchayats and 130 FIRs lodged. Besides, 250 MNREGA personnel have been dismissed and show-cause served to 1,900 other personnel. So far, a sum of Rs 21 lakh has been recovered. \"But it has been done at my level. The minister will give his own reply to the House,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435927", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation project director quits, fate of Jaipur Metro hangs in balance", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur Metro rail project suffered a setback after Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) project director Lalit Meghnani took voluntary retirement on Friday and there has been no successor to his post.Meghnani's decision has come as a major set back for the state government which has a tight deadline - June 2013 - to meet and meeting a lot of hurdles during the construction work for the project which is already four months delayed. The DMRC has completed around 65-70% of the construction work so far. Completing the construction work of the 9.52 km route from Mansarovar to Chandpole still remains a challenge.\"I have taken an early retirement from the post. But my availability will always be there till completion of the project,\" Meghnani said while talking to TOI. Meghnani though remain quiet on his reason for early retirement, officials in the department said he took the decision due to some personal reasons.On Meghnani's retirement, Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) chairman and managing director N C Goyal said, \"He was important for the project as he is associated since the beginning. We are sure the DMRC will make the best alternative arrangement to complete the project within the given deadline.\"Urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal has already made announcement that the DMRC would solely be held responsible if the project is not completed as scheduled. The government wants to complete the project before the assembly elections which are scheduled at the end of next year.Sources in the department claimed that the DMRC now plans to complete the civil construction work of the elevated track from Mansarovar to the railway station by June 2013. \"As it seems nearly impossible to complete the entire project on time, the DMRC will construct the tracks and run the metro from Mansarovar to the railway station,\" an official source said.Jaipur Metro, if completed on time, could make a world record for the fastest construction of a Metro rail project. So far, the project has witnessed many stumbling blocks. Work at several sites on the 9.25 km-long stretch from Mansarovar to Chandpole came to a halt after the Rajasthan high court banned mining from Banas river in May. \"The recent rains have also delayed the project by two to three weeks. Now, the pace of the work has picked up and it is expected that 4-5% civil work will be completed within a month,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436557", "title": "Universities employees' strike to affect sem exams", "text": "BHOPAL: After failure of talks between the university employees and state government over several issues, the Madhya Pradesh University Employees Association (MPUEA) has decided to go on indefinite strike from December 3. Earlier this month, the association had issued an ultimatum to go on strike.The academic session is likely to suffer as several important under-graduate and post-graduate semester exams are scheduled during December.The state university officers association, which includes registrars and assistant registrars, has also announced strike from December 5 if the government continues to stick to its decision to send officers of state administration on deputation in universities.The officers association has insisted that state university cadre officers are specialists and should be posted in varsities to carry out specialized jobs.The university employees association alleged that the discrepancy between the pensioners and employees salary should be removed.\"Employees get their salaries according to 6th pay commission, but after retirement they get pension on the basis of 5th pay commission. It accounts for a loss of Rs 4,000 to 5,000 per month,\" secretary, MPUEA, Avinash Burbure said. The employees also demanded hike from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 in the medical reimbursement. Burbure asserted that the employees would not call off strike until their demands are resolved.Burbure said the employees have been demanding regularisation of several posts in the state universities. \"Only Barkatullah University has 40 posts, which are yet to be regularised. The proposal is pending with the department,\" he said. He added the universities are ready to bear the financial costs over such regularization.The MPUEA alleged that the authorities have been giving assurances only. \"There have been assurances only from the authorities. We are fed up of their assurances,\" Burbure said. He added that the association does not want to disturb classes, but they have left with no other option but to proceed on strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434569", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court stays selection of nurses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday stayed the selection procedure of 602 staff nurses in Punjab health department.The selection process was stayed by a full bench comprising Justice Hemant Gupta, Justice Ajay Tewari and Justice R N Raina while hearing a petition filed by one Sarabjit Kaur of Hosiarpur district. The petitioner in this case had challenged selection criteria whereby a weightage of 5 marks was given to candidates with rural background.Seeking directions to quash the advertisement issued on July 27, 2011 through which the said clause was inserted, the petitioner asserted that provision of a weightage of 5 marks to candidates having rural background was illegal, arbitrary and without any rational. The petitioner had also sought direction to quash the prescription of 5 marks for higher qualification of B.Sc./M.Sc on the grounds that it had no basis and objective, \"especially it is not related in furtherance of the knowledge of a nurse\".Counsel for the petitioner, advocate Vikas Chatrath argued before the HC that it was wrong on the part of the state to provide 5 marks to candidates with rural background despite the fact that the Supreme Court (SC) had already held that there cannot be any reservation in favour of candidates with rural background.\"The respondents have tried to do indirectly what they cannot do directly to get political mileage. It is an attempt to communicate the rural youth that the state government was very keen to provide employment to them, but the courts have not allowed them,\" Chatrath argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436342", "title": "GLADA flats: You can submit forms till December 8", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) has extended the last date for submission of application forms for 217 flats in Dugri, Phase II to December 8.GLADA chief administrator Baldev Singh said while they sold more than 5,000 forms, only about 500 had been submitted. \"We have extended the last date for submission of forms from November 30 to December 8 so that people who have bought forms get enough time to apply for the flats,\" said Baldev.According to the chief administrator, applicants have to deposit Rs 1.53 lakh earnest money for the flats.Tie ups are in place with a number of private and nationalised banks to finance the applicants.Draw of lots for the flats will be held sometime in January while possession will be given after more than one year. Construction work on the 535 sq ft 2 bhk flats is nearly complete.The price of the flats depends on the floor they are located on. While flats on the ground floor cost Rs 15.30 lakh, the ones on the first floor cost Rs 12.75 lakh, those on the second floor cost Rs 11.85 lakh while the flats on the third floor cost Rs 11.5 lakh.Residents are happy with the extension of the last date and authorities are also happy with the response they are getting at a time when the real estate business is facing a slowdown. \"More than 500 people have submitted their forms. The number is set to increase on Friday,\" Baldev Singh said.Model Town resident Ravinder Singh echoed the sentiment. \"I am happy to have brought the form on Thursday but I did not have the time to submit the form today. It is good that the date has been extended,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436571", "title": "Aware, students walk the talk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their motive - \"clear vision lead by example\".Fifteen students of Panjab University got their HIV/AIDS test done on Thursday. And their reason of doing so was simple - set an example for others and encourage acceptance for people living with AIDS. On Friday, these students launched an AIDS awareness camp at the Student Centre.Meet the first year students at PU's centre for social work for whom working towards AIDS awareness is not a formal classroom assignment. Instead, these youngsters choose to dedicate their lives to spread awareness on the cause.\"How can we talk about a subject without doing something about it ourselves? Several of my classmates and I got our HIV test done from PGI to set an example for our peers to follow and help shed inhibition,\" says Priyanka Pahwa, a student of MA-I at PU.Meanwhile, a week before the World AIDS Day, students have started getting postcards signed in Panjab University hostels.Close to seven students from MA-I are getting signatures from university students on postcards with different messages. Some of these messages read: \"Stop discriminating against HIV patients\", \"Give a helping hand to people who have HIV, do not discriminate\" and \"Give equal rights to them\", among others.As a part of a nationwide campaign to sign one lakh postcards for the AIDS healthcare foundation, these postcards, once collected in New Delhi, will be sent to the Union health minister to push for life insurance cover for people living with HIV/AIDS.\"At present, people with HIV/AIDS are not given insurance cover \u00e2\u20ac\u201d out of 40 such insurance companies only one gives this provision. The students are carrying out this drive so that the country realizes the need to treat them at par with others,\" said Gaurav Gaur, a faculty member at centre for social work, PU.PU students Cheena Taneja, Amol Kaur, Anamika, Jince George, Aditya Kaushik and Pranshu Kaushik are also a part of the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17438713", "title": "Eden pitch row escalates; 'insulted' curator Prabir Mukherjee goes on leave", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy surrounding the preparation of the Eden pitch took a dramatic turn on Saturday as veteran curator Prabir Mukherjee proceeded on a medical leave and termed the CAB's decision to sideline him for the third Test between India and England as an \"insult.\"Mukherjee, who has been preparing the pitch of the stadium since 1985, shot a letter to Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) Saturday morning and sought a \"medical leave\". He also hinted that he may not re-join at all.The development came less than 48 hours after the BCCI sidelined the 83-year-old and sent East Zone ground and pitch committee representative Ashish Bhowmick to prepare a customised wicket at the Eden.\"It was an insult for me,\" Mukherjee said referring to the appointment of Bhowmick.Mukherjee is peeved at CAB's attitude and said president Jagmohan Dalmiya had even threatened to suspend him if he spoke about the pitch.\"Nowhere the president has the right to talk about pitches. But here they are threatening to suspend me if I talk about pitches. This is the treatment I get after more than two decades of my service at CAB,\" said Mukherjee, who is said to have differences with Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni .Dhoni had demanded a rank turner for the Kolkata Test and Mukherjee had said that such a demand was not logical as two pitches cannot be the same. That had apparently prompted BCCI to send Bhowmick to oversee the preparations.\"I expected some sort of protection from CAB thought that they would stand by me. Instead they are after me. My BP shot up 170/100 last night. After the check-up, the doctors have advised me a complete rest for a month. I've sent the medical report and request for a medical leave for a month to the CAB this morning,\" he said after sending his application to CAB.\"I don't make pitches to earn money. I had prepared pitches in Bangladesh for the U-19 World Cup (in 2004) and the ICC Cup without getting a single penny. Cricket is my passion that's why I'm associated with Eden for so long.\"Mukherjee is coping with a mental trauma after loss of his 31-year-old daughter and 73-year-old wife in six days.\"My daughter died on May 25 and wife on May 31. Despite coping with terrible personal crisis, I did not take a single day's leave. The day after my wife's death, I was at the Eden Gardens. Nobody can question my commitment. But I am getting such a raw deal from the CAB,\" he said.Asked whether he would like to come back to Eden after one month, Mukherjee was non-committal.\"I will see after that. You see, I'm old enough and the loss of my wife and daughter has made me really weak.\"During England's last appearance here for an ODI in 2011, Dhoni had termed the Eden wicket as \"ugly\". However India had won that match for a 5-0 whitewash in the series.Even after being thrashed by 10 wickets on a customised Wankhede track in the second Test, Dhoni had insisted for a similar rank turner for the Eden Test beginning December 5.But Mukherjee had openly criticised Dhoni and said, \"Two pitches can never be the same, logically. It's most unethical if the India captain makes such statements in public. He's passing such comments every now and then, which is really unfortunate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436689", "title": "ID card must for train journey from today", "text": "PUNE: From December 1, passengers travelling in second class reservation coaches will have to furnish proofs of identity, failing which they will be treated as ticketless travellers and liable to be fined. So far, the rule was mandatory only for tickets booked under Tatkal scheme, e-ticket travelers and for those travelling in AC compartments.Officials in Pune railway division on Friday confirmed of having received instructions to this effect from higher authorities. Officials said the decision was taken to restrict unauthorized travel by people and prevent misuse of reserved tickets. The step is mainly aimed at preventing touts from booking tickets under fictitious names and selling them to needy passengers.Passengers may carry any photo identity proof during the journey, including a voter ID card, PAN card, passport, driving licence, Aadhar card, student ID card, card having serial number issued by government, nationalized bank passbook with photograph and credit cards issued by banks having a laminated photograph. An official said at least one passenger should carry an identify proof if a ticket has names of more than one person.Hemant Tapale of Pune-Mumbai Pravasi Sangh, however, pointed out that though the administration was initiating the step to prevent unauthorized travel, there was an urgent need to restrict ticketless travel and entry of unauthorized hawkers in trains. Tapale also raised the issue of unauthorized passengers travelling in reserved coaches. Authorities hardly initiate action in such cases, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434676", "title": "Sreekumar criticizes amicus curiae for not acting in Zakia Jafri's complaint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former DGP R B Sreekumar has criticized amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran for not doing enough in regards with Zakia Jafri's complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others for their alleged involvement in the 2002 post-Godhra riots.Senior counsel Ramachandran was appointed amicus curiae by the Supreme Court and asked to look into the investigation conducted by the special investigation team (SIT). He came up with a small report recommending criminal prosecution against Modi for violation of the section 153A of IPC for causing enmity between two communities.While Zakia has depended on Ramachandran's brief report to counter SIT's closure report, Sreekumar has launched an attack on the lawyer for ignoring evidence and not doing justice to the issue. Sreekumar alleged that the amicus curiae \"practically did nothing on a 92-page-long representation made by DIG Rahul Sharma about serious lapses in the analysis of telephone records\".Sreekumar also criticized the SIT again for giving clean chit to Modi and stated that its closure report made the Indian criminal justice system a butt of ridicule in the eyes of any justice-minded person. But he has pulled up the amicus curiae for the first time for ignoring important evidence that he had supplied.Three IPS officers, Sreekumar, Sharma and Sanjiv Bhatt supported Zakia's accusation of larger conspiracy. \"Surprisingly the amicus curiae met Rahul Sharma and Sanjiv Bhatt, but avoided meeting me though my affidavits had literally constituted 40% of material evidence projected in Zakia's complaint,\" the retired cop stated adding that the lawyer did not even reply to his letters.Sreekumar has blamed the senior counsel for ignoring fact of SIT's claim that the Modi government had taken follow up action on his report without checking up with the riot victims.The amicus curiae opined that Sreekumar's communication took place much after the riots were over. To this, the former IPS has taken objection. He has also questioned why the lawyer should suggest that no action should be taken against the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436653", "title": "Carol singers usher in Yuletide spirit", "text": "MANGALORE: Christa Jayanthi Gaanalahari, a three-day carol singing competition organized by Catholic Sabha Mangalore Pradesh and St Vincent Ferrer Church Valencia Unit in association with Karnataka Christian Education Society, got under way at St Vincent Ferrer Church Ground here on Friday evening.The audience had a gala time enjoying the performance of 15 troupes. About 45teams are expected to perform at the event. Kannada carol singing competition will be held on Saturday and Konkani carol competition will be on Sunday in the same premises at 5.30pm. Winners in each category will receive a cash prize of Rs 15,000. While, second prize will carry a cash component of Rs 10,000 and third prize will carry Rs 7,000 as cash prize. Consolation prizes of Rs 4,000 will be distributed in each categories.Speaking at the inauguration, Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, bishop of Mangalore Diocese, said, \"There are different ways of celebrating Christmas and on December 9 Christmas will be celebrated at the residence of the governor in Bangalore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434805", "title": "Cannibal accused in scribe's murder awarded life term", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Additional Sessions Judge (II) Mehtab Ahmad on Friday awarded life imprisonment to the two main accused in the sensational murder of a local Hindi scribe after pronouncing them guilty under different sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The judge sentenced the main accused, Ram Niranjan alias Raja Kolandar, and his brother-in-law Vaksharaj, residents of Cheoki and Shankargarh to life imprisonment after finding them guilty in the murder of Dhirendra Singh 12 years back. Raja Kolandar has been involved in 14 other murders and cannibalism.Apart from awarding life sentence, the judge also slapped a penalty of Rs 10,000 each on the two accused under Section 302 of IPC. Besides, the two accused were also sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment under Section 201 of IPC and a fine of Rs 5000 each was imposed on them. An additional sentence of one year rigorous imprisonment under Section 404 of IPC was awarded to the two accused alongwith a fine of Rs 1000 each.It may be recalled that the victim, Dhirendra Singh, who was working with a local Hindi daily went missing on December 14, 2000. When he failed to return home, his family members including his brother Virendra Singh lodged an FIR at Kydgunj police station on December 17, 2000. The police scanned the call details on the mobile number of Dhirendra Singh after which they found that a call was made from the victim's mobile to one Phoolan Devi, a resident of Cheoki on December 16, 2000, two days after Dhirendra went missing.The police team tracked down Phoolan Devi and after sustained interrogation arrested her husband Ram Niranjan alias Raja Kolandar from his house in Cheoki and recovered a stolen Tata Sumo vehicle from his possession. During interrogation, Raja Kolandar confessed to his involvement in the murder of Dhirendra Singh whom he and his brother-in-law Vaksharaj had murdered on December 17, 2000, and thrown the body and head at some place on Allahabad-Rewa road.The main accused confessed that the victim, Dhirendra Singh, was murdered on account of rivalry between the two during the gram panchayat elections and where Phoolan Devi, wife of the main accused, had emerged victorious.Apart from the body of the scribe, the police team also recovered 14 skulls from the house of the main accused Raja Kolandar who confessed his involvement in the murder of all the 14 persons whose skulls were recovered.The incident shook the entire state in the backdrop of the fact that it was for the first time that cannibalism surfaced in the crime history of the state. The accused Raja Kolandar, after his arrest in 2000, had confessed that after murdering his victims, he used to chop off their heads and eat the brain after scooping it out, a bizarre act which earned widespread condemnation and disdain, said senior government counsel (Criminal) S A Naseem.He added that the police managed to ascertain the identity of 10 out of the 14 accused, including Pappu Pasi, Ashok, Santosh, Pawan Kumar Yadav, Manoj Kumar , Tribhuvan Pandey, Shankar, Hiriya, Raju, Ravi and Manoj Srivastava (both residents of Naka Hindola, Lucknow) and four unidentified persons. The cases related to the murder of these 14 persons are also going on against Raja Kolandar in different courts, added Naseem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435619", "title": "Four get life term for killing woman, daughter in 2006", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has awarded life imprisonment to four men for the murder of two women lawyers six years ago. Swarna Mahajan and her daughter Anuradha Mahajan, were found murdered in their Siddharth Enclave residence in March 2006. Both practiced in the Supreme Court.On Thursday, a division bench of Justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg upheld the trial court's judgment, and dismissed the appeals of Bhasker Mahalik, Bhagwan Mahalik, Niranjan Mahalik and Jagbandhu Dass, who had killed the two women after robbing in their house.\"The robbery and the murder have been proved beyond any reasonable doubt. The circumstantial evidence categorically establishes involvement of all the accused for commission of robbery and murder. The robbed articles were recovered by the police from possession of the accused and at their instance from their places of residence,\" the bench observed, saying \"A legitimate presumption can safely be drawn under section 114 (a) of the Evidence Act that the appellants did not only take part in the robbery but also in the murder of the deceased.\"HC analysed the evidence to conclude that \"The circumstances establish beyond doubt that the accused in furtherance of common intention committed the crime and were the perpetrators. They did not examine any witness in defence to demolish the prosecution case,\" the court added.The trial court had convicted the four in December 2010 for killing Swarna Mahajan and her daughter, Anuradha Mahajan, who were practising lawyers in the Supreme Court, in their house after committing robbery. It acquitted fifth accused Surendra Pal, who had allegedly accepted the robbed articles from the four convicts, for want of sufficient evidence.The convicts had trespassed into the house of the victims at Siddharth Enclave, south Delhi on intervening night of March 11, 2006 and had stolen valuables including jewellery, cash and mobile phones from the house and had killed the two women.HC dismissed arguments made by the convicts about discrepancies in investigations relating to their case including planted recoveries. The judges agreed with the trial court's decision in this regard saying, \"We do not find major lapse in the investigation to discredit the testimonies of the material witnesses. Valuable gold and diamond ornaments was recovered from the houses of the accused at their instance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17435493", "title": "Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen keeps all guessing", "text": "The Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) walked away from the Congress alliance in a bitter mood, a move that could spell disaster for both the parties, more so for the Congress.The split came in spite of the popular perception that the MIM has had the best of relations with the Congress high command. Majlis supremo Asaduddin Owaisi was close to the Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi and always had the ears of Ahmed Patel, a powerful man in the inner party circles. Ghulam Nabi Azad , Congress party's perennial troubleshooter in AP, consulted Owaisi on knotty situations in the state. Above all, Owaisi had an easy access to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , or would be granted an audience with PM Manmohan Singh at short notice. Known for being articulate, Owaisi in his trademark sherwani and traditional skull cap has stood by the Congress in some of its most difficult times in Lok Sabha. In the process he gained the sobriquet of the Congress' Muslim face outside the party.At the state level, when the party entered into an undeclared understanding with the Congress in 2004 he struck an immediate rapport with the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. The special relationship Owaisi had with YSR ended with the latter's death. K Rosaiah who succeeded YSR was indifferent to Owaisi while N Kiran Kumar Reddy who replaced Rosaiah, initially demonstrated warmth towards him. But soon they fell out. Kiran Kumar found him too demanding and Owaisi began to feel that he was not being taken seriously. However, it took two years of estrangement to pronounce the acidic divorce.The MIM is single again and the question arises, with whom will it go now?There are unconfirmed reports that YSR's son Jaganmohan Reddy has told 'Asad bhai' that he is willing to give MIM any number of Assembly seats (the upward number is 25) to fight the next round of elections together. He also reportedly said that together they could 'revive the golden era' of his father when the MIM enjoyed a place of privilege.Owaisi is said to have said a polite thank you, but held back an immediate yes to the prospects of an alliance.Not to be left behind, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu, is reportedly in telephonic contact with AkbaruddinOwaisi, the MIM's floor leader in Assembly. Naidu, it is said, is keen to go back to the days of friendship before he moved dangerously close to BJP and lost the Muslim votes in 2004. He believes that having MIM on his side would help TDP regain the trust of the Muslims. AkbaruddinOwaisi has not said no to Naidu; nor did he say yes. Sources in TRS say that their chief K Chandrasekhara Rao and his son Taraka Ramarao are in contact with Asaduddin Owaisi. They want him to give up his ambiguous stand on Telangana and join hands with the TRSthem. There is already an old promise made by KCR that the deputy CM of new T state would be a Muslim. If MIM joins hand with TRS, that candidate could be of Asaduddin Owaisi's choice.With MIM moving out of its ambit, the Congress stands to lose considerably.To presume that the MIM has influence only in Old City and not anywhere else in the state is a mistake. The intense campaigning that the MIM has planned against the Congress in the near future would hurt the party most in Muslim dominated Assembly and Lok Sabha segments. On the other hand, the breakup with the Congress is a major setback to the MIM as well. All its proposals are now routed towards the dustbin. The bureaucrats who were falling over each other to please the MIM supremo have already distanced themselves. Senior police officers find the situation a godsend opportunity to do whatever they could not do with the MIM members and sympathisers when the party was an ally of the Congress.But the MIM believes that the setback is temporary. Asaduddin, like any other astute politician, is keeping his cards close to the chest. But there is a popular belief that at the state level, he is leaning towards Jagan. And it is clear that at the Centre he would not support the NDA of which BJP is the leading partner. The only option would be to go with the other side of which the Congress would be the leading force.Things would be clearer as the calendar moves towards election year, be it in 2014 or earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436644", "title": "Pvt engg colleges demand 30% fee hike", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh association of professional and technical institutes (MPAPTI) has demanded a 30% hike in fee structure for the academic session 2013-14. The three-year term for the fee structure is ending on next year.The MPAPTI has made the demand after the admission and fee regulatory committee (AFRC) announced to start the process for finalizing new fee structure from January 1. The new fee structure will be implemented from 2013-14 academic session for next three years.The AFRC announced the last free structure in 2009. When contacted, the MPAPTI spokesperson B S Yadav said the hike is the need of the hour. \"Rising inflation has forced the private engineering colleges to demand the fee hike. AFRC fixed the fee structure for three years which means the colleges will have to sustain on the same fee structure for 12 years owing to four year BE degree,\" Yadav said.Justifying the logic of increase in fee hike, Yadav said: \"The fee that engineering colleges are charging today will have to be the same for a student for the next four years. But, colleges will have to sustain the pressure of increasing cost and inflation that would vary.\"At present private engineering colleges charge a minimum of Rs 37,000 and maximum of Rs 55,000 from a student per year for bachelor of engineering degree.The AFRC will soon release a notification to invite proposals from the private engineering colleges from January 1. Before finalising the fee structure the committee will go through the details and also meet with the owners of the private engineering colleges.AFRC's officer on special duty, Sunil Kumar said the hike in fee structure will be made if it is required. \"We will talk with the private engineering college owners before deciding on the fee,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17434558", "title": "Bhopal tourist saved at Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Bhopal was saved from drowning at Baga on Thursday afternoon. According to lifeguards, Pramod Bansal, 28, was swimming in a no-swim zone at around 12.36 pm, when a huge wave hit him and he got pulled 40m into the sea. Noticing him gesturing for help, lifeguards rushed to his assistance and brought him safely to the shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436017", "title": "Kolandar's first victim was a colleague at ordnance factory", "text": "When he failed to return home, his family lodged an FIR at Kydganj police station on December 17, 2000. The police scanned his call details and found that a call was made to one Phoolan Devi, a resident of Cheoki on December 16, 2000. Phoolan was detained and during sustained interrogation narrated the truth'' about Kolandar.Later, Kolandar and Vaksharaj were arrested and a stolen Tata Sumo vehicle was recovered from them. During interrogation, Kolandar confessed to his involvement in the murder of Dhirendra whom he killed with Vaksharaj's help on December 17, 2000. They dumped the body and head at some place on Allahabad-Rewa road.Dhirendra was killed due to rivalry during panchayat polls in which Kolandar's wife Phoolan had emerged victorious. Apart from Dhirendra's body, the police also recovered 14 skulls from his house.The incident sent shock waves across the state. It was revealed that Kolandar's first victim was a colleague at the ordnance factory he used to work in. After arrest, Kolandar told police that he killed his colleague and ate his brain only because he belonged to a community considered to be having sharp brains. He also confessed that he killed three people in a taxi when they refused to give him lift to Lucknow from Allahabad. Kolandar, said police, considered himself \"a king and a judge\" and named his two sons as Adalat (court) and Jamanat (bail).In Dhirendra case, on Kolandar's information, police recovered some dismembered body parts of the scribe from a lake at Rewa in Madhya Pradesh. He had also told the police that he killed Dhirendra fearing he would publish news report against him. The chargesheet was filed in February 2001 but the case dragged for 11 years as the prosecution struggled to get witnesses. The murder cases related to the killing of 14 other victims are also going on against Kolandar in courts in different parts of the state.Kolandar and Vaksharaj are in jail since their arrest in December 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435687", "title": "HIV grooms tying knots of sorrow", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Twenty-year-old Sujata's (name changed) dreams and joy of becoming mother of a healthy child were shattered when she underwent blood tests during pregnancy. The mom-to-be, who hails from the Old Town area, discovered to her horror that she had tested positive for HIV/AIDS.What unfolded thereafter was nothing short of a tragedy. The child she gave birth to was born HIV positive and died within weeks of birth. Her husband Raju (name changed), whom she married in 2008 and was one who allegedly passed on the infection to her, died a few months ago because of infections generally associated with the disease.Now Sujatha's family members have lodged a police complaint with the One Town police station against Raju's family, alleging that he deliberately hid his HIV status at the time of marriage and infected an innocent woman. They are demanding that Raju's family bear the cost of Sujata's treatment, as she hails from a not so well-to-do family.\"She is on ARV (anti-retroviral drugs) and her monthly medicine bill alone comes to about Rs 3000. The drugs along with other medicines and nutritional food are very costly. She was infected by her husband and now it is their turn to take care of her,\" her mother Savitri said.Similar cases of persons getting married without disclosing his or her health status are on the rise. Recently, another such case came to light in a very well-known and affluent family. Luckily the bride's parents came to know about the groom's HIV positive status on the wedding morning and demanded he undergo a medical test due to which he was caught, says Dr Kutikuppla Surya Rao, a doctor who has been treating HIV/AIDS affected since the last two decades.But most cases do not come to light due to the stigma attached to the disease. In fact, police officials at One Town station admitted that Sujata's was the first such case to be lodged with them. \"We are aware of such things and will not hesitate to book a case but most people do not come forward as stigma of being HIV/AIDS positive still prevails. Things can change only when people come out of their shell and lodge a complaint,\" said an official of One Town police station.For several years, this has been the subject of a raging debate - should both the bride and the groom be made to undergo HIV/AIDS test before marriage?\"This issue was first raised at a NACO summit chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2001. The discussion then moved to Parliament but never translated into an Act or rule. It has been watered down to the level that if an innocent woman or man is infected by his or her partner, then he or she can lodge a complaint in the police station or file a case for compensation or treatment charges. But that is not sufficient in the present condition,\" pointed out Dr Surya Rao.The medical practitioner says that such cases have been on the rise and he has seen about 30 to 40 such cases in the last two years. \"In a majority of the cases, it has been men infecting women, with just a few stray cases the other way around. And 80 per cent of them were aware of their HIV status. Being aware and then getting married is a crime. Though 2012 is considered to be a path breaking year for HIV/AIDS research as the treatment is moving from prevention phase to cure status, it is still a crime to infect another purposefully. There is, however, no problem if two positive persons get married,\" he said.Though as per a NACO report the prevalence of HIV/AIDS is on the decline, Dr G Prabhakar of Green Vision pointed out that the decline was being witnessed in high risk group such as commercial sex workers (CSWs), truckers and migrant workers. \"The worrying factor is that the growing promiscuity among youth has led to an upswing in the incidence of the disease in the middle and affluent classes. Though there is no survey to establish this fact, as a medical practitioner actively involved in this segment, I think there has been a growth of at least 10 per cent over the last decade,\" said Dr Prabhakar.Host of awareness programmes todayOn the occasion of World AIDS Day on Saturday, the Port City is hosting a number of awareness programmes in tune with this year's theme of 'Getting to zero'. As per the theme, the aim is to achieve zero figure in various areas such as - new HIV infections, zero discrimination and zero AIDS related deaths' for period 2011-15.Addressing the media here on Friday, additional district medical health officer (AIDS and Leprosy) Ronanki Ramesh said that AP has around five lakh HIV positive persons, of which 5.78 per cent are from Vizag district alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436471", "title": "World Aids Day: Mother of two puts up a brave face to fight AIDS", "text": "MYSORE: After learning that she had contracted AIDS in 2005, this mother of two children attempted suicide thrice. But today, her outlook towards AIDS has changed -- she is determined to fight the killer virus so she can live longer.The 39-year-old Mysorean is one among 16,000 persons living with AIDS. In the past two years, she has changed four houses as their owners forced her to vacate after coming to know of her trauma. \"I suffer because of the stigma attached to AIDS, but my son, daughter and community members are my strength,\" she said.\"Eight years ago, I fell sick and became very weak. I was admitted to a government hospital, where I was subjected to various tests, except for HIV. But in a test at a private lab a year later, I got to know that I had contracted HIV. I sunk into depression. My father and brother consoled me, but they started avoiding me a month later,\" she added.\"In the meantime, I attempted suicide twice by consuming tablets, but survived. When I was in hospital, I decided to end my life by jumping from the building. But again, my sister stopped me. And my husband, from whom I contracted this, left me with two children,\" she explained.\"During the initial year, I struggled with little children. I used to crawl on the staircase to reach the ART centre at KR Hospital for treatment. But after meeting the community members, I mustered confidence - their stories made me fight. My son and daughter, aged 16 and 11 respectively, are studying in a school,\" she said, adding: \"A person with HIV can lead a normal life if (s)he is optimistic. I'm living like any other normal person today. It was possible because of regular treatment, counselling and healthy lifestyle.\"She urged the government to create more awareness among the public about AIDS, and also facilitate infected persons with housing and other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436833", "title": "Plug and play IT Park at Pardeshipura", "text": "INDORE: For the small IT companies, a new IT park will be constructed at Pardeshipura by Indore Development Authority (IDA) on a 80,000 square feet land area of IT department.The decision was taken at a IDA board meet on Friday. With this Indore will have three IT parks - The already constructed Crystal IT Park and the other two proposed at Sinhasa and Pardeshipura.Pardeshipura's IT park will be the smallest. It is being constructed at the electronic complex and an adjoining land will be plug and play IT park which will have ready to move in facilities so that small companies can just move in and start their operations.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said IT department of state wanted to come with a small IT park at Pardeshipura and a go-ahead for the construction work has already been received. \"IDA has agreed to carry out the construction but we will charge certain consultation fee to IT department,\" Singh said adding that construction work will be completed in 2 years and thereafter they will hand over the building to IT department, which will then make allotment of space to IT companies.The electronic complex and the adjoining land is one of the oldest land of IT department in the city which is now being put to better use. The department had an option of three land areas with two in the nearby villages and one at Pardeshipura which was finalised.IT secretary Hariranjan Rao said bigger companies want big land on which they develop their own facility as per their requirement. But small companies cannot afford this and they want plug and play facility wherein all the infrastructure will be developed by an external agency and IT companies just buy an office space and start their operation.Officials said that the state wanted to diversify its IT profile. First it gave huge chunks of land to IT giants, and now medium sized companies will be accommodated at Sinhasa and small companies at Pardeshipura. With this, Indore will have IT companies across the spectrum in years to come right from small ones to some of the biggest names in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435462", "title": "Parents of medical aspirants to move high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's medical education and drugs department has set up an inquiry to look into the irregularities of the admissions at private medical and dental colleges. The Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) this year received around 128 complaints from students against colleges indulging in malpractices during admissions.Parents, however, have planned to move the high court next week. Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness In Education, said that setting up of the committee this late would be pointless. \"Around 32 parents from across the state have agreed to file the petition.\"The state government has set up three committees in Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad under the deans of the government colleges in these regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434376", "title": "Alive, but no life", "text": "NAGPUR: Sisters Pranita (13) and Anjali (18) remember their parents, albeit with totally contrasting memories of their father. For Pranita, her father was a very loving and nice person who would take her out and allow to have food of her choice, but for Anjali he was no less than a devil. Anjali cries and shivers with memories of the father bashing their mother often after coming home drunk which forced her to leave the husband's house and move to her parents with both the daughters.The mother died in 2006 due to AIDS but the sisters continue to live with her old maternal grandparents. Both the girls, who too are HIV positive and under ART (Anti-Retroviral Therapy) at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), remember the mother as extremely loving, caring and responsible person. The father died last year.\"My sister didn't like the father because he used to beat my mother. But for me he was my world. Though we never lived for long with him he would often come to see me,\" said an innocent Pranita. But both the orphans remember their mother with gratitude because she told them about her and their HIV positive status and got treatment started for them.The sisters are not isolated cases of HIV positive orphans. Hundreds of children (4-18 years), who are taking ART treatment, visit the GMCH in a month for collecting their medicine. They are accompanied either by a single parent (HIV positive and under ART treatment) or grandparents or some distant relative or come even on their own.Single parents, especially women like Fatima, are living an extremely awful life. Fatima's HIV positive driver husband died in jail from TB and her in-laws threw her out of their house in Punjab. She is now working in the city, often changing jobs to earn a livelihood for herself and two daughters - Fatima and one daughter are HIV positive. \"I have heard about some government schemes but I have no knowledge or information about them. Can you please guide me on how to avail them? Otherwise, I have no option but to kill myself and my daughters,\" said Fatima with tears rolling down her cheeks.Story of Meena, whose one son is positive, is no different. After the in-laws threw her out of their house, she is living with her parents who are farm labourers at Ubegaon near Chhindwara. \"I have no money to come to Nagpur,\" said Meena.Swati (12) had come to GMCH for collecting her medicine along with neighbour Sulekha, who and one of her sons are HIV positive. Sulekha said Swati's maternal grandparents are very nice. But they do not keep well, so she had to accompany her. Swati is not aware of the nature of her disease. \"I know I have some big disease and should not miss my medicine. I want to live and become something big,\" said Swati with a smile.Pankaj (10) from a village in Umrer taluka has very vague memories of his mother. He lives with an uncle who does not care much for him. In fact, he does not remember the faces of his parents but misses the cosy hug of mother while sleeping in the night.It is due to the efforts of doctors and counsellors at the ART centre these children are taking medicine and some of them are even going to school. They informed that most of the grandparents are so old that they are not able to come regularly with these children. \"It's really painful to see them come despite having fever, with trembling hands and holding sticks. Yet, we try to convince them for coming regularly by explaining that if the medicines to the children are discontinued, complications like opportunistic infections like tuberculosis (TB) are likely to catch them first making it increasingly difficult for them to take care of their grandchildren,\" says senior medical officer at the ART centre, Dr Megha Newade.Preeti Kadu, one of the counsellors, can narrate the family history and the plight of each one of them. Although she ensures to provide the best care but sometimes she too feels helpless. \"Except for a few grown up kids, it is difficult to maintain all children on medicine and they become LFU or lost for follow up. But we do call them up on phone and it helps. Some of them are also brought by NGOs,\" she said.Preeti informed that a 16-year-old boy from Pandhurna, whose both parents died due to the disease, is allowed to live with the father's family because he gives them his pension. However, the boy is given only a petty sum for his own expenses. Moreover, if his cousin accompanies the boy to Nagpur, he takes extra money besides the ticket fare. \"I bring him because I am too weak and anything can happen to me while travelling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "amalapuram (east godavari)", "code": "17435762", "title": "Man gets death for killing wife", "text": "AMALAPURAM (EAST GODAVARI): A court here on Friday sentenced a man to death for the murder of his wife two years ago.The second additional district session court magistrate sentenced Kommuri Veerabhadra Rao (36) to death by hanging for brutally murdering his wife Sita Mahalaskhmi (27) as he suspected her of infidelity.The magistrate of Amalapuram court, B David Raju, delivered the verdict after taking into consideration the statements given against the accused by his family members and eye witnesses. The magistrate also gave him a chance to appeal against the judgment in the Andhra Pradesh high court within three months.The gruesome incident took place in Gopayalanka in Allavaram mandal on the midnight of February 24, 2010. Rao, a clerk with a private contractor, stabbed his wife of eight years before crushing her head with a grinder stone.Rao had married Mahalakshmi in 2002 and the couple was blessed with a baby boy a year after. He later started suspecting her character leading to the murder.The police had registered a case under 302 of IPC following a complaint lodged by the deceased woman's mother Lakshmi Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17435611", "title": "Get nursery forms till January 15 in Delhi", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434567", "title": "Now, cops to be paraded", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch has decided to hold a parade of all police constables attached to the Calangute, Mapusa and Bicholim police stations to identify the remaining constables who have sexually exploited victim girls.The branch has registered an FIR against two constables attached to the Calangute police station for sexual exploitation and extortion of money from them.Sources in the police said, \"Crime branch will call all the police constables who have served in Calangute, Mapusa and Bicholim over the last two years, for an identification parade\".Victims have alleged that they were sexually exploited by police constables attached to the Calangute station and were forced to offer sexual favours to constables of the Mapusa and Bicholim police stations too.Sources in the police said that one of the victims is suspected to be HIV positive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439207", "title": "'Samar' music on December 4th", "text": "The theatrical trailer of 'Samar' is out from today and the audio of the much awaited the film starrnig Vishal and Trisha directed by Thiru and has music by Yuvan Shankar Raja.Samar' is said to be a non-stop action packed entertainer. The story of the film in a nutshell is about Vishal, a trekking guide, who due to circumstances has to go to Bangkok where he is drawn into certain incidents that change his life. Trisha plays a Tamil girl working abroad who is the pivot around which the film revolves.Earlier Vasuki Bhaskar, popular costumer, stylist and blood relation of Venkat Prabhu, had come out online and said on a funny note that she has seen the trailer and is in possession of a copy and threatened the director to release the trailer soon or she would do it.Vishal, Thiru and Yuvan had earlier teamed up to give the film ' Theeradha Vilayattu Pillai' and ' Samar ' also features Sunaina, Manoj Bajpai and J.D.Chakravarthy. The posters have raised enough curiosity and audiences are awaiting the pairing of the Trisha and Vishal on the big screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438672", "title": "Rihanna slammed for cuddly pic with Brown", "text": "Rihanna has sparked outrage among fans after she shared a sexy picture cuddling with on-again boyfriend Chris Brown, despite the fact that he is currently on probation for being violent towards her when they were dating in 2009.She posted the picture on her Instagram page with the caption: \"[Chris] i dont wanna leave!!! Killed it tonight baby!!!\"After just two hours of being online, the photo received more than 200,000 \"likes.\"And if this cuddly snapshot wasn't enough to spark controversy, she posted another photo with the phrase: \"Home is where the c*ck is.\"Fans of the Barbadian singer were livid after her open forgiveness of the man who viciously assaulted her three years ago.\" Rihanna , why have you forgiven him? Once a scum bag, always a scum bag,\" the Mirror quoted one user as tweeting.Another added, less poetically: \"Aaaaarrgghghhhhh! DON'T DO IT!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "17438281", "title": "Apple launches iTunes 11, integrates iCloud", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple has launched a new version of its iTunes media service, overhauling its look and feel while integrating it more closely with the company's internet storage service, iCloud. The company is seeking to make it easier for people to access media content from various Apple devices without having to plug them into a desktop.With the iCloud integration, if a user starts a movie on an iPad computer tablet, it can be restarted at the same point on a different device later. The changes have broad implications for the media industry because, with more than 435 million registered accounts, it's the largest gateway for people to legally download music, movies, television shows and software applications.In the last fiscal year, iTunes and related media services generated $8.53 billion in revenue. The new design of iTunes moves away from the spreadsheet format that Apple has featured since its debut.The update adds more art and information about musicians, movies and television shows. It also adds recommendation features so users can find new material. The update is one of the biggest Apple has made to iTunes since its debut more than a decade ago.Under CEO Tim Cook , Apple is working to improve the tools that helped make it the largest seller of music while giving customers added incentive to buy more of its other products. While Apple is offering new features, it's not matching those of Spotify and Rdio.Instead of selling downloads, those internet music services have gained traction by offering users unlimited access to entire song libraries for a subscription fee or listening to advertisements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436254", "title": "Dad fails to get caste certificate, girl unable to write Class 12 exam", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old lorry driver, K Palanisamy, has been running from pillar to post to get a caste certificate for his daughter since 2000.As his daughter P Poonthalir did not have a certificate saying she belongs to the scheduled tribe community, she did not write her Class 12 exams in 2010. \"My daughter did the two Tamil papers but refused to go back to school and do the rest as the examiners abused her in front of the other students for not having the caste certificate,\" said Palanisamy.Palanisamy, who lives in Mogappair, first applied for a caste certificate in 2000 but since his native village is in Salem, local officials said they were unable to issue the certificate. When Poonthalir was to appear for her Class 10 exams in 2008, he faced the similar problems with the school. \"They refused to issue her hall ticket. I begged them to allow my daughter to write the examination. They then allowed her to write the examination,\" Palanisamy told TOI.The village administrative officer and revenue inspector of Ambattur have each issued letters saying that Palanisamy belongs to the scheduled tribe community and hails from Vembatti village in Salem district, but these have not helped. \"Revenue officials rejected my request saying I have to apply in Salem. When I met revenue officials in Salem, they denied me a certificate saying all my documents (ration card, voter's ID and others) are in the Mogappair address,\" Palanisamy said. Poonthalir said, \"We are poor and my father is the sole breadwinner. I dreamt of becoming big in life and helping my parents. Now, I have not even completed Class 12. I would love to complete my studies.\"After Poonthalir discontinued her studies, Palanisamy tried to find her a job. Later, he got her married to a man in Sriperumbudur. \"But, I am still chasing the officials to get the caste certificate for my daughter and she has promised to study further even after her marriage,\" Palanisamy said.A revenue divisional officer said, \"Owing to poverty, many people belonging to scheduled tribes have left their hometowns and migrated to other areas in the state. Though they may have settled in other districts, they have to obtain the caste certificate only in their native district.\" The Tiruvallur district collector said he would look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436136", "title": "Over 30,000 consumers deposit bills,", "text": "E-suvidha, the single window bill payment facility of the electronics department, registered the maximum collection of electricity bills on Friday. It was the last day of November when most of the power consumers were supposed to deposit their bills. According to UP coordinator of e-suvidha, Mohan Thakur, 50 centres in the city saw over 30,000 consumers turning up to pay their electricity bills, depositing over Rs 9 crore in a single day. Thakur said that this was the highest collection of revenue ever since the facility came into existence in 2003. tnnThe e-suvidha has been one of the key revenue collection centres, essentially serving not only the power consumers, but also house owners paying house tax and the water tax.However, the facility saw a steady decline over a period of time, thanks to the apathy on the part of state government departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435802", "title": "Liquor trader shot dead", "text": "JAIPUR: Unidentified men shot dead a 50-year-old liquor businessman who was sitting in his car after dropping some friends in a busy market of Jhalawar. The incident happened after midnight on Friday. Police have not ruled out the possibility of a business rivalry behind the murder.Police sources said, the victim, identified as Satyanarayan Choudhary, used to be in liquor and property related business. He had also invested money in property with Bhanu Pratap Singh, a history sheeter who was also his business partner, police said. Singh had been gunned down along with two policemen by armed assailants in Bhilwara district's Bijolia village in September last year. Police had rounded up some suspects and interrogation with them is on.Choudhary had left his home in Jhalra Patan to attend a wedding function in Bhawani Mandi. \"He picked up his two friends - Ramgopal Choudhary, the former district president of Bhartiya Janata Party Kishan Morcha and one Nishad Alam - and attended the function. The trio was returning in Choudhary's Scorpio car and he dropped Ramgopal and Nishad at Master Colony in Jhalawar and was about to leave the place when the incident took place around 12.30 am,\" a police officer said.\"It seems that some men were hiding there while waiting for Choudhary to arrive at the place. Choudhary was on the wheels when unidentified men who could be around three to four in number opened the left side door and started firing indiscriminately,\" the officer said.The bullets hit Choudhary on his head, arms and stomach. \"The two friends who had walked a little distance from there rushed back after hearing gun shots and saw him in a pool of blood. They informed the police following which he was taken to a hospital. The doctors declared him brought dead,\" the officer said.Police handed over the body to his family members after the postmortem. \"During postmortem, four bullets were taken out of the body. A forensic examination of the spot where Choudhary was shot dead was also conducted. The dog squad was called, but it did not help much,\" the officer said.The officer further said Choudhary's son Rambabu has registered an FIR under section 302 of IPC against the unidentified culprits.\"We have launched an investigation. Some people have been rounded up. We are looking into several aspects including a business rivalry. It has come up during the probe that Choudhary had been under debt recently after he lost money in some business deals,\" the officer added.Jhalawar CO Kamal Ram Meena said call details of Choudhary's mobile phone are being examined for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17434782", "title": "Robbers loot jewellery worth 10 lakh", "text": "BAHRAICH: In a broad day light incident miscreants looted Rs 10 lakh from a jewellery shop. The shopkeepers chased the miscreants and nabbed three of them while six of them managed to escape. Later the police reached the spot and arrested them. The injured jeweller has been sent to the district hospital for treatment. Annoyed by the incident the other shopkeepers gathered at city kotwali and created uproar. The police registered a case of loot instead of robbery and sent the miscreants to jail.The police told that Kunal Mohan Rastogi has his jewellery shop at Hanuman Mandir Gali of Chowk Bazar under city kotwali. When he was attending the customers at his shop, 9 persons entered his shop and asked him to show them a gold necklace. Kunal started showing the jewellery meanwhile one of them hit his head with an iron rod and picked up all the jewellery. Kunal raised an alarm when miscreants started running away. The shopkeepers nearby gathered at the shop when they heard the shriek and caught three of the miscreants while the others managed to escape. The police reached the spot and arrested three miscreants. The superintendent of police (SP) GP Kanojiya told that the apprehended miscreants have been identified as Manoj Dubey resident of Navvagarhi, Ramji Shukla and Varun Kumar residents of Ekauna of Shravasti district. Case of loot has been registered on the application of Kunal and he has been sent to the district hospital for treatment. SP told that the raids are being conducted to nab the absconding miscreants.Constable rewarded lifer: The upper session judge (special SC ST act) found the murder charges on a constable correct and announced imprisonment for life and a penalty of ten thousand rupees failing, which the imprisonment would be extended for six months more.The murder incident was reported from Chandmari Buxipura area under Dargah police station. Ramgopal resident of the same area was strangulated to death over dispute of sale and purchase of a land on February 21 2010. Dehat kotwali police registered a murder case on the application of the deceased's wife Meera Devi against constable Arjun Singh and his associates. The upper session judge (special SC ST act) Subedar Yadav heard the defense and prosecution and examined the evidences during the session hearing. Later he announced life imprisonment to Arjun Singh and he was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17436945", "title": "Farmer focus shifts from water to power", "text": "TRICHY: With Karnataka claiming that it has little water to share with Tamil Nadu, farmers in the Cauvery delta are now focused on demanding uninterrupted power supply to pump ground water onto farms and save the samba crop. The onus will now be on the state government to source electricity to meet the demands of the farmers.\"Salvaging the crop is of paramount importance. There is no time to squabble over trivia or get angry with Karnataka,\" said Mannargudi S Ranganathan, general secretary, Cauvery Delta Farmers' Welfare Association. \"It is far better to think in terms of what Tamil Nadu can do to save at least the three lakh acres of paddy under pump set irrigation, if not all the more than 10 lakh acres of samba in the delta,\" he said.According to Ranganathan, the government should ensure at least 10 hours of three-phase power on alternate weeks. Seven days of water would make the crop wait for another seven days if the land is a mix of sand and clay, which would be a safe bet. State government may have to enforce or one or two more hours of power cuts in Chennai to find the additional power to meet the needs of the delta, he said.Tamil Nadu farmers could not win the battle for water because there are more than a hundred farmers' associations and they are as divided as the political parties. A consensus among them is hard to reach, said 75-year-old Ranganathan. However, he has agreed to take part in a pan-Tamil Nadu bandh on December 7 on the issue. \"A gamble could be tried if Karnataka agrees to concede at least seven tmcft of water. That could sustain the crop until the second week of December when we expect some rainfall,\" he explained. This year has been extra troublesome as farmers are threatened with the loss of both kuruvai and samba crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17434589", "title": "11 arrested for pasting PM's pictures on ambulances", "text": "JALANDHAR: Eleven Punjab Youth Congress leaders, including its state president Vikramjit Singh Chaudhary, were arrested by the police when they tried to paste Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's pictures on the '108 emergency service' ambulances, which already carry the pictures of chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, here on Thursday. The PM's pictures were removed by the police afterwards.Youth Congress had announced to paste these pictures arguing that the ambulances were being operated with funds from the Union government but carry pictures of only the chief minister. After the Youth Congress announced its intentions, four policemen were deployed on each ambulance in the morning on Friday.Activists, including councillor Sushil Rinku and former councillor Major Singh gathered at the civil hospital in the morning and after an ambulance entered the hospital with a patient they forcibly pasted the PM's picture on it even as policemen tried to prevent them from doing so. The ambulance was taken away by its driver and the pictures were later removed. The police then arrested the activists under Section 107/151 of CrPC.It is learnt that the administration later parked the ambulances at places other than their usual parking lots and police personnel guarded the vehicles even after the activists were arrested. The activists were taken to Barandari police station and in the evening they were produced before Deputy commissioner of police Sarabjit Singh , who granted them bail while posting the case for December 13.Chaudhary said they had been demanding from the state government that if the CM's picture was to be carried on these ambulances then the pictures of PM to must be there. \"We decided to paste pictures of the PM on ambulances after the government turned a deaf year to our just demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434340", "title": "Externed goon, wife create ruckus at commissioner of police office", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman upset over the externment order against her husband disrupted the farewell function for outgoing commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, whose biography was also released on the occasion at the police commissionerate in Civil Lines on Friday.Poonam Darwade and her husband Shiva were whisked away by Sadar police station after they created a scene at the CP office immediately at the end of the farewell function. It's learnt that Shiva, who has nine offences against him, had been served with an externment order for two years on Thursday. The order had been issued by deputy commissioner of police Mangaljeet Sirum. Shiva, presently working at an advocate's office, is suffering from a terminal illness.Jaripatka police, who now also face allegations of torturing Shiva and his wife, could not execute the order as the goon failed to furnish the names of relatives staying in other districts, where he could be taken as per the externment order.The Darwade couple landed up at the CP office when dignitaries from all walks of life and senior officials were present. The couple tried to meet Jt CP Sanjay Saxena, alleging that they were victimized for not coughing up a bribe. Poonam then charged towards DCP Sirum and grabbed his shirt and belt in anger. She had to be pinned down by woman cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435499", "title": "Private schools in Delhi say no to new quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private schools on Friday opposed Delhi government's proposal for reserving an additional 15% seats for children from poor families in institutions given government land at a concessional rates.A delegation of private schools, during a meeting with education minister Kiran Walia, expressed strong reservations against the proposal as they have already been providing 25% seats to economically weaker sections as per provision of the Right to Education Act.The government is likely to convey its proposal to the high court next week. A total of 394 private schools were allotted land at concessional rates on condition they would reserve seats for poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17436735", "title": "Red posters ask people to join People's Liberation Guerilla Army", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists have put up posters in Koraput and Malkangiri districts ahead of People's Liberation Guerilla Army (PLGA) week starting December 2. The posters, which urged people to cooperate during PLGA week, can be found in Boipariguda, Ramagiri, Lamataput and Onkadeli in Koraput district and Govindpalli and Kalimela in Malkangiri district. \"Join PLGA and form local militia to fight against the exploitation of tribals,\" read a poster pasted at Boipariguda.The appearance of posters was a big shocker to police, who have beefed up anti-Maoist operations in the area. Police claimed to have tightened security in Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts in view of the Maoist celebrations.\"We are keeping strict vigil along Odisha's border with Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to ensure that Maoists do not get a chance to enter our state. The posters are being removed,\" said DIG (south-west range) S Devdutta Singh.\"Additional security arrangements have been made in some sensitive areas. We are ready to face any eventuality. Though the situation is under control, we can't be complacent,\" SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar said.Koraput has witnessed a rise in Maoist activities in recent times. While the Red rebels have murdered two gram rakhi's (village guards) within Boipariguda police limits, police have arrested four Maoists and recovered huge cache of Maoist belongings in the district in the past few weeks.Police have appealed to people not to confuse PLGA week with a bandh call. \"Apprehending an attack, people may stop coming out of the house and vehicles may stop plying in the Maoist-dominated areas during PLGA week. We have asked people not to confuse this with a bandh and stop all business and regular activities,\" a senior police officer said on Friday.SP (Rayagada) Rajesh Pandit said steps have been taken to thwart all possible Maoist attack during the PLGA week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "17436424", "title": "Toddlers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 day out on the ramp", "text": "DUGRI: The sight of 25 little ones from Cherubs, The Preschool toddling down the ramp for their first solo performance on stage was a heartwarming one. Children up to the age of two did a wonderful job of handling both their attire and the props.Winner of the competition, Myra Batra was dressed as a fish. Confidently enacting the part, she walked up to the mike and recited, \"Machli jal ki rani hai.\" Snigdh Pathak, who was dressed as a Himachali boy and Arnav Khullar, very cute in his Gandhi attire, tied up for the second place. In all innocence, Arnav gave the audience the message of non-violence. Viraaj Thapar showed up as a globe, requesting the audience to save the planet. He shared the prize with Kiaan Aggarwal, who dressed as an apple to convince the audience that an apple a day keeps the doctor away.Special appreciation prizes went to Sanchit Bhalla who dressed as Lord Krishna, Manya Sharma in the attire of an angel, Aradhya winsome as Cinderella, Anmol who impressed as a doctor and Ozpreet Kaur who came as a helpful toothpaste encouraging children to brush.School principal Ruchika Arora congratulated winners and their families. \"It was wonderful to see the two-year-olds perform so well on stage. It was their first time on the stage and I am proud of them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436734", "title": "Live telecast of Konark fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The stage is set for the glittering Konark Dance Festival, an annual extravaganza of Indian classical dance and music, at the famous sun temple of Konark today. The festival has been drawing tourists, dance and music lovers from across the world to the sandy shores of Konark every year since it was started in 1989.\"This is 24th edition of the festival. Each year we try to add new components to the show and present it in a bigger and better way. It is one of the most well-attended classical dance festivals. Tourists and connoisseurs eagerly wait for it all through the year,\" said culture secretary, Ashok Tripathy, adding, \"this year the festival will be telecast live on DD and also on the web.\"Modelled on the famous Khajuraho festival of classical dances, the Konark festival is being organized by the state tourism department for the promotion Konark as an ideal international tourist destination. However, tour operators alleged the festival has not been marketed properly in the national and international circuit.\"It is an important festival and it needs to be marketed vigorously with foreign tour operators, social networking sites, etc. Besides, there is an urgent need for world class infrastructure in Konark to attract more tourists. It is regrettable that we don't have a toilet in the marine drive,\" complained tour operator Benjamin Simon.While Odissi will be a daily feature every evening, Kuchipudi, Mohiniattam, Bharatanatyam, Sattriya and Kathak will be staged on five evenings. The inaugural evening will kick off with Odissi by Madhavi Mudgal and her troupe from New Delhi followed by Kuchipudi by Raja and Radha Reddy from the national Capital.Sunday will showcase Mohiniattam by Bharati Shivaji and her troupe from New Delhi followed by Odissi by the Gunjan Dance Academy of Meera Das from Cuttack. The Sankalpa Odissi troupe from New Delhi, led by Kasturi Pattanaik, will be Monday evening's first show followed by Bharatanatyam by Mallika Sarabhai and her troupe from Ahmedabad.Similarly, Tuesday evening will see Sattriya by Anita Sharma and her troupe from Guwahati followed by Odissi by Nrutyagram, Bengaluru. The concluding evening will feature Kathak by Malabika Mitra and her troupe from Kolkata followed by Odissi by members of the Guru Kelucharan Mohapatra Odissi Research Centre and Utkal University of Culture, Bhubaneswar.While state government officials claimed the festival has the potential to attract over 500 foreign tourists, tour operators were skeptical of the number and felt it would not cross 100. \"After two Italian tourists were kidnapped by Maoists, foreign tourists are wary. The state government has to convince tour operators that Odisha is a safe destination; but there's been no assurance from the government in this regard so far,\" Simon added.A jugalbandi of painting and music will also be held each day of the festival. Coinciding with the Konark festival, the tourism department will also host the International Sand Art Festival on the shores of Chandrabhaga. The five-day event will see nine countries, including Spain, Japan and the US, taking part along with artists from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17434463", "title": "Seamen association submits grievances to NRI commissioner", "text": "MARGAO: Expressing their gratitude to the government for implementing the pension scheme for retired seafarers, the Goa seamen association of India (GSAI) submitted a list of grievances to the office of the commissioner for NRI affairs on Friday. 'It would be advisable if we could have a centre for submissions of forms in South Goa as this is causing a bit of hardships for people of age above 60 and who are not medically fit to travel all the way to North Goa,' said Frank Viegas, GSAI vice president in the memorandum.GSAI members further asked that the procedure under the scheme for the retired seafarers to be issued a residence certificate be relaxed. They further asked that the applicants submit theirbank account details as this may lead to an additional procedures later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434529", "title": "Bird poacher arrested in Harike sanctuary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Officials of Punjab Wildlife Preservation department arrested a bird poacher in Bhootiwala area of the Harike wildlife sanctuary on Thursday and seized carcass of seven Common teal and two Northern shovelors from his possession. The birds had been poisoned.\"These birds migrate from northern continents to Harike every winter. These nine birds were killed by Saraj, from to Peer Mohammad village of Zira tehsil in Ferozepur district. He was caught red-handed, by the special squad set up to tackle poaching, with the dead birds. The accused has been booked under various sections of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, and sent to judicial remand. Another boy was held by our staff near the poaching site along with Jeet, but was released later as he was found to be innocent,\" said M. Sudhagar, DFO (Wildlife) at Harike.Officials had arrested two poachers, Lakhbir Singh and Sukha Singh, earlier in November for killing birds by placing pesticides on the hyacinth water weed. They were caught with four dead Common coots.According to the WWF-India's researcher at Harike, Shahnawaz Khan, poachers use a cheap pesticide, phorodin, for the kill. Migratory birds have been poisoned at Harike since the early 1980s and are either sold in the grey market or consumed by poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434459", "title": "'Goa had direct cash transfers for schemes since 2003'", "text": "PANAJI: Direct cash transfers that the central UPA government intends to unveil in 2013, Goa has been implementing \"very successfully\" in its social welfare schemes since 2003, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar said his government had started the direct cash transfers facility for the poor under the Dayanand social security scheme that was conceived and launched by his government.Parrikar said that his government's new Laadli Laxmi scheme will also use direct cash transfers to the bank accounts of beneficiaries. The upcoming Griha Laxmi scheme will also use direct cash transfers, he said.The government pays out about 22-crore a month directly into the accounts of DSSS beneficiaries and presently over 1,700 beneficiaries have already been sanctioned for the Laadli Laxmi scheme. About 10,000 applications have come in for the Griha Laxmi scheme and these are being scrutinized.Parrikar said that although his government took this pioneering step, Goa's initiative has not been recognized because it is a small state. Official sources pointed out that since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced the direct cash payout scheme earlier this week, UPA ministers have been describing it as a \"game-changer\" and \"politically revolutionary\" step for UPA-II.Singh announced direct cash payout of social sector benefits and subsidies to the beneficiaries from Jan 1, 2013, in 51 districts across 14 states. The scheme would be rolled out all over the country by 2013-end - just months ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435526", "title": "Can't set time limit in Jagan case: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Friday was unwilling to commit to the court how long the agency would take to complete its probe in the Jagan assets case. \"The matter relates to economic offences. CBI will however not take years together to complete the probe. But that does not mean that it will be completed within the next six or eight months either,\" B Ravindranath, the probe agency's deputy legal advisor said while opposing the regular bail plea filed by Jagan.Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao, who dismissed the statutory bail plea sought by Jagan on Wednesday, took up on Friday the hearing in the regular bail plea filed under section 437 of CrPC.Continuing his arguments, Ravindranath told the court that the Supreme Court had earlier heard all the points raised by Jagan and dismissed his plea.He contented that the apex court did not impose any time limit on CBI to complete the probe and had said that Jagan can approach the trial court for bail after the CBI files its final chargesheet on the pending seven aspects of the probe.\"We arrested Jagan in the Vanpic case and the chargesheet was filed in the case within 90 days of his arrest and hence there is no illegality\", he said.The probe is at an advanced stage and the statements of several key witnesses are yet to be recorded. Setting Jagan free at this stage would derail the whole process, the CBI counsel contented.Arguing for Jagan, his counsel S Niranjan Reddy told the court that none of the investors in Jagan's firms have complained that they were cheated or forced into investing in Jagan firms. Even the state has not withdrawn any of the so called quid pro quo GOs that allegedly benefitted Jagan's investors, he said.The judge reserved his orders to December 4.In a separate development, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy on Friday filed a criminal petition in the AP High Court challenging the Wednesday's dismissal of his statutory bail plea by CBI court. This plea is coming up for hearing in the HC on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434792", "title": "File FIR in Mankhurd home case: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday directed the police to register an FIR in the case relating to alleged irregularities and sexual assault of women lodged at the state-run Mankhurd shelter.A division bench headed by chief justice Mohit Shah asked police superintendent Rashmi Karandikar to look into the relocation of 20 inmates of the Mankhurd shelter to Shradhanand Mahila Ashram in Matunga. Advocate Shubhada Khot, who was appointed as an amicus curiae (friend of the court) said the inmates' statements would be recorded under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code by a magistrate.The court was hearing a suo motu petition on the alleged abuse of women at the home, following a newspaper report carrying the statement of a woman inmate, who had escaped and claimed that she and other inmates were raped.Unhappy with the police probe, the court had appointed a committee. In its report, the panel said that 66% of the inmates were \"severely depressed\" and others displayed suicidal intent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435085", "title": "Civic body to file FIR against officials who favoured builders", "text": "AURANGABAD: Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar informed the general body on Friday that an FIR would be lodged by Saturday against officials found guilty of favouring a builder for constructing a showroom in Chikhalthana. He said ten other officials will have to face departmental enquiry in the case that rocked the city some eight months ago.A builder had obtained permission for construction of a poultry farm in Chikhalthana ward sometime back but started constructing a showroom. The issue was raised by corporator Sanjay Choudhary which was ignored by the civic body. Meanwhile, the builder completed the construction of the showroom.However, when the BJP corporator intensified his agitation against the alleged violations of the civic body's guidelines by builders, an enquiry committed was set up. The corporator had also sat on one-day hunger strike demanding immediate action against the builder and detail enquiry of the concerned officials of the corporation.The enquiry committee constituted under the supervision of deputy municipal commissioner Ajay Charthankar, found that three building inspectors had favoured the builders. But, the municipal commissioner had felt that the building inspector alone should not be penalised.\"The case cannot be seen in isolation and there could be involvement of other senior AMC officials in the matter. They could have stopped the illegal construction of the showroom and thus the department would also examine the role of all seniors,\" he had said earlier.After the enquiry, Bhapkar on Friday said the process of lodging FIR against all the concerned officials was in final stage. \"FIR will be lodged on Friday night or Saturday morning,\" he said. He refused to disclose the name of the AMC staff against whom the FIR would be lodged.Another matter related to use of sub-standard pipes for the drainage system underway in the city rocked the house. Congress corporator Afsar Khan alleged that city engineer M D Sonone was responsible for compromising with the quality of the cement pipes being used in drainage system at the on-going road widening work in various places in the city. \"The pipes used in my area are of poor quality and do match the standards essential for such work,\" he alleged.Sonone denied any such compromise on the quality front and accepted to face a third part enquiry.Earlier, as per the directions of the state government a special session of the general body of the corporation was held. The session was aimed at sensitizing elected members and office-bearers of the corporation about the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436736", "title": "IMA competition on leadership skills held", "text": "INDORE: A competition to identify leadership skills among management students was organized by the Indore Management Association (IMA) on Saturday at Daly College Business School. Participants from leading business schools participated in the competition, which was organized on the theme 'transforming leadership - getting future ready'.The aim of event was to nurture entrepreneurship skills at all levels and to effectively pursue challenges in today's chaotic, complex and rapidly changing global environment. The program started with lightning of the lamp by Lt Gen A S Nandal along with Principal Daly College, Kr Sumer Singh, IMA President Shamit Dave and other dignitaries. Lt Gen A S Nandal addressed the participants and by giving an insightful thought on transforming leadership.Different teams gave an insight on the topic. The team from Shri Vaishnav Institute related leadership by giving the example of Guru Nanak Sahab. They explained how Arvind Kejriwal led his team successfully. Team from IPS emphasized on the evolution of leadership. They beautifully quoted the example of Ratan Tata and other industrialists who transformed their dreams into reality.Team from Daly College started their presentation stating that leadership is moving from unipolar societies to the multi polar societies like India. They stressed that for future leadership - technology, innovation, vision and nurturing talent.Another team from Prestige very appropriately related the topic and elaborated on different models of leadership taking the forms of leaders, who are- strategists, achievers, engagers, facilitators. They gave examples of real life heroes like- Mahatma Gandhi , Abraham Lincoln , Nelson Mandela and the Missile Man, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.The judges' panel included Anupama Kaul from Cummins Technologies, Girish Shrikhande from VECV and Shishir Deshmukh from Diaspark announced the winners.Team from CH Institute of Management and Communication consisting of Anurodh Upadhyay and Shruti Sharma were the winners, while the team from Daly College Business School consisting of Mohit Chandwani, Vikrant Sagar and Yash Bohra were the first runner-up and the team IPS Academy consisting of Rishabh Jain, Monica Basrani and Swati Budhani was the second runner-up. The other teams included names like Modern Institute and Core Business School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436081", "title": "Bhujbal trashes opposition criticism", "text": "NASHIK: The guardian minister of Nashik district and state minister for PWD Chhagan Bhujbal on Friday, said that the observations on the white paper on irrigation released by the state government's by politicians from opposition parties were baseless.\"It is unbelievable that the leaders of opposition simply criticised government after it tabled a white paper on irrigation. The leaders should have first read the copies before commenting,\" Bhujbal, also the district guardian minister, said after taking the review of district planning and development committee.On the allegations by Bharatiya Janata Party leader Kirit Somayya that the property of Bhujbal's had increased from Rs 21 crores to Rs 2,100 crores, Bhujbal said that the family had ventured into some businesses in the country and abroad as well and all the permissions were in place. \"All permissions are in place and the investigation agencies can verify them,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435641", "title": "South India's largest mall to come up in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: With a spread of 3 million sft and a walking length of 2 kms, it is slated to be South India's largest mall and it's coming up right here in mana Hyderabad.The mega mall, which is being set up at a cost of Rs 500 crore, not only promises to be streets ahead of the other big-ticket malls in this part of the country but will be among the largest shopping destinations in India. Currently, the Mantri Square Mall in Bangalore is understood to be South India's largest shopping mall at 1.7 million sft. Once open, the Hyderabad mall will also beat Mumbai's Phoenix Market City that opened its doors only in 2011, currently largest mall in India at 2 million sft.Of course the world's largest mall at 6 million sft is being set up in Gurgaon by realty major DLF.The Lanco mega mall will be coming up at the Lanco group's upcoming $1 billion investment, 100-acre Lanco Hills mixed use development project in Hyderabad's IT district. The mega mall is slated for completion in the next 30 months.Announcing the mega mall project, Lanco Hills CEO Pochendar Shenigarapu said the mall will be the largest in South India in terms of built-up space, number of shopping outlets and entertainment options under one roof.To begin with, it would boast of Hyderabad's largest multiplex with 12 screens. It will also have a 250-acre lakeside view shopping and dining options. The mega mall will have over 130 stores to begin with and going on to house over 250 retail brands with flagship stores in addition to hypermarkets.The mall will also have a fantasyland like gaming zone replete with 14-lane bowling alley and go-karting rinks. It will also have roof gardens and a 5,000 cars multi-level parking, among a host of other amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436042", "title": "Darna dam begins to release 3 TMC water", "text": "NASHIK: The water resource department on Friday morning released 3 TMC water for Aurangabad from the Darna dam in Nashik. The water is expected to reach Jayakwadi dam in six days, the officials said. The released water is also generating power of 5.4 mw that is being added to the grid.\"The water was released early Friday and the discharge would continue for the period of next three days,\" executive engineer AN Mhaske said.The release of water comes after the high-level meeting called by the divisional revenue commissioner to review the situation of releasing water from the dam. \"The meeting went on late night on Thursday after which the decision to release water was communicated,\" a senior official informed.The WRD has opened six gates of the dam and along with the water released through the power generation unit, the total flow of water is six thousand cusecs. \"This discharge will continue for the next six days and it will take six days to reach the destination,\" the official said.The police bandobast has also been maintained at the dam to prevent any unauthorised person taking charge of the dam.The release of water was delayed by a day as some local politicians from Nashik had opposed the release of water for Marathwada region.The water resources department opened six gates of the dam and the total flow of water is 6,000 cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436111", "title": "Etihad to double flights to Kozhikode", "text": "KOCHI: Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates , is doubling its flights to Kozhikode. Starting from January 1, 2013, flights to Kozhikode will increase from three to seven a week.James Hogan, president and CEO of the company, said: \"India and Sri Lanka are important destinations for us due to strong local demand and growing traffic beyond Abu Dhabi to many key destinations across our global network. Kozhikode and Colombo are fast growing cities that serve as major business and trade hubs with many of their inhabitants working in the Gulf region.\"The increase will coincide with the re-introduction of the Pearl Business class product, aimed at growing business and corporate demand and high-end leisure traffic. The additional services will be operated by Airbus A320 aircraft.The airline will also improve the number of connections from its Abu Dhabi hub to over 370 a week for Kozhikode and 300 a week for Colombo. Additional key destinations, including Jeddah, Johannesburg, Lagos, Milan and Toronto , will be connected to Kozhikode while Geneva, Munich , and Astana will be connected to Colombo.Since the start of flights to Kozhikode in 2008, Etihad Airways has carried more than 180,000 passengers. In addition to Kozhikode, the airline offers 56 flights per week connecting Abu Dhabi directly to eight key cities in India, namely Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi, Mumbai, New Delhi, Thiruvananthapuram and most recently, Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435568", "title": "Conference on Palestine strife starts in south Mumbai today", "text": "MUMBAI: The emotive issue of Palestine will find echo in the city over the weekend. An international conference sympathizing with the cause is being held at the University Club House at Churchgate on December 1-2.On Friday, the United Nations voted to upgrade the status of Palestine as an \"observer state.\" The ongoing conflict in Gaza has brought organizations and individuals as varied as the Jamaat-E-Islami, advocate Yusuf Muchhala, former Navy chief Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat, writer Hasan Kamal and several politicians under the banner of the India-Palestine Solidarity Forum.\"Our basic demand is freedom for Palestine with Jerusalem as the capital, the boycott of Zionist Israel and securing the rights of refugees,\" said activist Feroze Mithiborwala, one of the organisers. Among the 25 international delegates there is Prof Mazin Qumsiyeh from Bethlehem and Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss from New York. Interestingly, the rabbi has joined voice with the Muslim majority. Cops will be keeping tabs on the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436383", "title": "Gujral\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s demise casts a pall of gloom", "text": "Former prime minister I K Gujral's demise following a brief illness in Delhi has cast a pall of gloom amongst several of his close friends in city. Ludhiana Times of India spoke to some residents, who recalled fond memories of their interaction and association with Gujral, who had a close link with city.Gurbhajan Singh Gill Litterateur and president, Punjabi Sahit Akadmi It was after Gujralji became the prime minister that Punjabi intellect got recognition at the national level. Son of a freedom fighter, he was a votary of Indo-Pak friendship. He was the one who played a vital role in bringing peace to the terror- ravaged state of Punjab. I still vividly remember my conversation with him in 2000 when he released a book \"Camera Dee Akh Boldee\". He came to Ludhiana from Halwara in 1991 on an open jeep to attend an all party meet at the Government College for women that was aimed at bringing peace to Punjab and the normalize the situation. Kewal Dheer, Litterateur and resident of BRS Nagar He was a close friend and it was 37 years ago when he was an ambassador to Union of Soviet Socialist Republic that we became friends. I still remember how he had taken pains to get me the best treatment possible for my spinal surgery in Delhi in 2008 where he visited me in the hospital as well. He was a big fan of Faiz Ahmad Faiz and Sahir Ludhianvi. He also released my books \"50 years literary journey of Dr Kewal Dheer\" (English and Urdu) and 'Katha Yatra' in Punjabi. We shared common love for Urdu and we were in touch through letters. A commission for the promotion of Urdu language in India and Gujral was the national chairman. I was a member of the state commission and this was the time when we met more often and became close friends.N S Nanda,Hotelier and resident of Model Town Extension His demise is a big loss to all the Punjabis and I still remember how in 1997 under his guidance we had formed this Dhan Pothohar brotherhood society. This society was formed as Gujral and my family originally hailed from Dhan Pothohar region, which now is part of Pakistan. I was made the life-time president of this society while Gujral was the chief patron. He had released my pictorial auto-biography 2006 at his residence in Delhi. His death is an irreparable loss.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435847", "title": "Facebook opens window of opportunities to youngsters", "text": "JAIPUR: Every coin has two sides and social networking sites, despite their over influence on impressionable teens, has thrown open gates to various opportunities which were earlier inaccessible to them.Sunil Kumar, a resident of Lalsot in Jaipur created history after bagging a placement package of Rs 69 lakh per annum. Thanks to his profile that he had created on the social networking site LinkedIn.During his BTech degree, he had helped some international companies providing them online solutions.In turn, these companies wrote testimonies for him on his profile which caught the eye of Washington-based multinational company 'Tony and Joe's'. The firm had an opening for a software engineer and was asked to give an online test for it. He cleared the final interview on Skype and the rest is history.Vinamamra Mathur, a resident of Jaipur, participated in an online IPL competition on Twitter in 2010, started by then IPL commissioner Lalit Modi.\"Lakhs of cricket fans participated in it. We were asked to answer three questions. After a week I was surprised to find my name on the IPL website which said that I had won a ticket to watch the final of Champions League held in Hyderabad,\" said Mathur, who was then a Class 10 student at SMS School.Various competitions are held on social networking sites and students have won scholarships advertised by universities and colleges, besides getting updates on latest trends in education.Gauging the popularity of these sites, now corporates too have started scanning a potential employee's Facebook profile to know him better vis-a-vis his areas of interest and his social nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17436555", "title": "Slip of tongue lands Jabalpur MLA in trouble", "text": "JABALPUR: A slip of tongue has landed the BJP MLA from Jabalpur west Harendrajeet Singh \"Babbu\" in a tight spot. The leader's remark attributing the recent communal flare up in the city to a particular community has snowballed into a major controversy here. And even as the BSP and the Congress have gone for his jugular demanding registration of case against the MLA for \"hurting dalit sentiments by his derogatory and unprovoked comments\", the Ravidas Samaj has declared it would launch an agitation if no action was taken against him in next 24 hours.According to reports while discussing the situation in the curfew bound area in the old city on last Friday ,the MLA singled out a particular cast and commented that unlike others, it had no respect for law and was well known for its enthusiastic participation in anti-social activities. Realizing the mistake, the leader, later played down the issue and explained that he had only used colloquial expression and never meant to offend anyone. But the damage was already done.Demanding action against the MLA under the ST, SC Act, zonal in - charge of the BSP Saran Chaudhary said that Singh's remark has put a huge question mark over the credibility and character of an entire dalit community. The remark, he told TOI showed a sick and biased mind.In a memorandum to the superintendent of police (SP) BSP has demanded legal action and termination of his membership in the state Assembly. We have also demanded that the BJP must prove its pro-dalit credentials by terminating Harjeet Singh's primary membership, Chaudhary declared.Head of the Congress SC, ST cell Tarun Taliyani has also called for immediate arrest of the \"foul mouthed MLA\". \"The man has tarred an innocent and law abiding dalit group as ruffians and thieves which is highly defamatory\", Taliyani said here. Apart from memorandum to the police chief the cell has also faxed an application to the chairman national SC ST commission PL Punia for ordering a probe and stringent action against the errant BJP leader, he said.Meanwhile the Ravidas samiti has also threatened to launch a massive public agitation if the MLA was let off lightly. Such a statement from a representative of people is not only uncouth and unimaginative but is also nothing short of scandalous, president of the samiti, Bal Krishan Chaudhary told TOI. The remarks he said have led to much agitation among the community which will settle down only when the culprit is brought to book. A delegation has already met the city SP to hand him 24 hours ultimatum he said.When contacted, SP Jabalpur Harinarain Chari Mishra said that he has received different delegation and heard out their version. The incident, he said, would definitely be probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436393", "title": "Railway passengers to get a better food deal", "text": "LUDHIANA: The travellers on trains passing from the city railway station and those boarding a train from here will soon have an option to grab a bite of fresh food with the re-opening of the refreshment room on the platform.Tenders for the refreshment room, which was closed in January, were called on Thursday. The contract will be assigned on the last day of accepting tenders, which is January 4. Station superintendent R K Sharma said the refreshment room was closed in January as the assigned contractor had personal problems in continuing his business. \"He had been serving good quality food and the service was satisfactory as well, but we do not know why he decided against continuing his contract,\" he added.Sharma said the tenders are being accepted from Thursday onwards, \"But, most interested parties turn up directly on the last day, as that is when the contract is decided\". The reserve price for the tender has been fixed at Rs 15.6 lakh for a year. The refreshment room would hopefully be open by February and the travellers would be able to get a good quality hygienic food at cheaper rates.However, sources said the previous contractor had given up his work because of the service tax he had to pay, though the food for Shatabdi was not taken from him, but another city restaurant.The news has come as a relief to passengers from the city.\"A refreshment room is a must on the railway station, as many-a-times children ask for food and there is no option except the unhygienic food on the stalls,\" said Civil Lines resident Alka Kapoor.\"I generally feel hungry as soon as I board a train, but there is nothing good enough on the platforms. Apart from the refreshment room, there should be outlets of good food chains, as there are on New Delhi railway station,\" said Rajguru Nagar resident Sukhminder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436137", "title": "Farmers forced to sell produce at meagre prices, alleges RLD", "text": "Accusing the Samajwadi Party government in UP of being \"anti-farmer\", the Rashtriya Lok Dal on Friday claimed that 80% of the paddy purchase centres were closed forcing the farmers to sell off their produce at meagre prices. The allegation comes close on the heels of the party raking up the issue of the state government not declaring the state advisory price for sugarcane, which led the farmers to go in for distress sale of the sugar cane. RLD state president, Munna Singh Chauhan alleged that the state government had bought around 2 lakh tonne of paddy. \"Most of this has been purchased by the middlemen and traders,\" Chauhan alleged. Demanding an inquiry into this purchase of paddy, Chauhan said that the SP government had stated that it would pay 50% additional price on procurement of paddy and sugarcane. \"That does not seem to happen at this point of time,\" Chauhan stated and claimed that farmers are forcibly returned from the procurement centres citing poor quality of paddy. \"It is the duty of the state government to constitute an inquiry and see that farmers are not harassed by the officials,\" the party said in a statement.The party alleged that even the DAP fertilisers are not made available to the farmers at an appropriate price. \"Hence these farmers are forced to buy fertilizers at higher prices,\" Chauhan said. Moreover, neither water has been released in the canals nor they have been cleared of the silt by the irrigation department. This is despite the fact that the Rabi season is fast approaching, RLD spokesperson, KK Tripathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434784", "title": "Mumbai RTO books 50 cabbies in a week", "text": "MUMBAI: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has booked more than 50 cabbies and nearly 27 auto drivers this week for failing to recalibrate their e-meters according to the revised fare.The crackdown is likely to continue till next week. \"Those who fail to recalibrate e-meters will not be allowed to ply on the road. We will not allow them to conduct business in Mumbai,\" said regional transport officer (Tardeo) M B Jadhav. \"We expect almost all the taxis fitted with e-meters to get recalibrated at the earliest,\" said deputy RTO (Tardeo) J Bansod.The total number of autos recalibrated so far has crossed the 50,000-mark\"Nearly 5,500 will be recalibrated by December 8,\" union leader AL Quadros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436710", "title": "Cleanliness bylaw referred to standing panel", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation's tryst with Singapore style cleanliness penalty laws will have to wait a little. Mooted in the Cleanliness and Sanitation Bylaw 2012 - Nirmala Mangalore, the council of the civic body at its monthly meeting held here on Friday decided to refer the item on the agenda to the standing committee on health, education and social justice.The bylaw will come up for consideration at the next monthly meet of the body.Premanand Shetty, chief whip of the ruling BJP who moved the agenda announced the decision to refer the issue to the standing committee.\"We need to discuss the implications of the bylaw for the city and its citizens,\" he said, adding the committee will take a final call on modifying the provisions contained therein. One of the provisions in the bylaw was to impose a fine of Rs 500 on those who spit, litter and throw waste in public areas.Incidentally, TOI had first reported on this proposed move of the civic body and had evoked good response from cross section of the society. MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar to a query from corporator Revathi K with reference to news reports in this regard said he is not in a position to comment on what has appeared in the media. \"The bylaw is before you and it is left to the council to take a decision on how best to implement it,\" he said.Premanand later told TOI that the standing committee might tweak a few provisions in the draft bylaws presented before the council and present the revised bylaws in the form of agenda at the next meeting. Once approved, the city corporation will seek government approval for it and implement it in accordance with the KMC Act. Madhu S Manohar, environment engineer said the bylaws might undergo a few cosmetic changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435111", "title": "Experts bat for education to curb child marriages", "text": "AURANGABAD: A law banning child marriages is not enough, it has to be coupled with efforts to make sure girls go to school and stay there and execution of laws is done meticulously, said social activist Sunita Tagare. \"Child marriages keep happening even though we have laws against them in our country. There is high prevalence of child marriage here,\" said Manisha Tokale, human rights activist from Beed.\"It is an issue that is often forgotten or overlooked even as we discuss women's rights, children's rights or the health and nutrition problems of girls and boys,\" she said. According to Tokale, latest data reveals that although there has been a decline in the prevalence of child marriage in India, seven out of every 100 women are getting married every day are under the legal age of 18.\"This is happening despite a law banning child marriage dating as far back as 1929 with subsequent amendments in 1949 and 1978. And the passage of a comprehensive Prohibition of Child Marriage Act in 2006. In fact, the National Family Health Survey 2005-06 revealed that 44.5 per cent of women between the ages of 20-24 years had been married before they turned 18,\" she said. \"In all the countries where this practice occurs, implementing laws, if at all they exist, is difficult because child marriage is wrapped up in tradition. Therefore, people will not question it. It is also entangled in poverty. Families with no hope of overcoming their economic plight feel compelled to marry their girls so that they have one less mouth to feed,\" she said.\"In India, the age of consent is lower for women (18) and higher for men (21). Is there any justification for this discrepancy? Why should it not be the same age of consent for men and women? After all, when it comes to other laws, such as child labour for instance, there is no difference between girls and boys with regard to the age at which they can be legally employed,\" said Tokale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434562", "title": "A year on, commission taps HC for NRI court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Matrimonial disputes involving non-resident Indians (NRIs) in Punjab have now found a new address. The NRI Commission has decided to take up matrimonial cases, where either the groom or the bride is settled abroad, and mediate into a dispute without letting it spill into an unwarranted dowry case in a civil court.The commission, which completed a year of working on Friday, has also proposed to the Punjab and Haryana high court to set up another NRI court in Jalandhar. \"The response to the NRI court we set up in Jalandhar was immense and we are hopeful that another will be approved shortly,\" said Arvind Kumar, former HC judge who is now the Punjab NRI Commission head.The commission already has a trickle of cases involving matrimonial disputes coming to it. \"As of now, Section 498A, pertaining to dowry, is being blatantly misused by people to settle scores with NRIs in case of disputes relating to matrimony. The commission is intervening to settle the case amicably and within its own ambit so that the dowry Act is not misused,\" said Jay Malhotra, an advocate dealing with NRI cases.A quasi-judicial authority, which enjoys the powers of a civil court, the NRI Commission is the first of its kind and has states of Gujarat and Kerala, which have high NRI population of their own, interested in setting up similar commissions. \"We had delegations from Gujarat and Kerala. They have studied our model,\" claimed M L Sharma, secretary of the commission.The commission has suggested that the Punjab government streamline the system to deal with problems of NRIs. \"We have sought reformation of the Prevention of Human Smuggling Act 2010, besides stressing on the need for state government to enact compulsory marriage registration act on the pattern of Haryana,\" said Justice Kumar.Barely six months after it was set up, the commission had letters from governments abroad, appreciating its positive impact. \"The House of Commons in UK sent us a letter of thanks for resolving a case. The government of Nigeria has also appreciated our efforts,\" he added.\"Earlier, people did not know which government agency to approach for NRI related problems. From fraud by travel agents to employees in other countries not getting salaries, to NRI marriages falling apart, people can approach us,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436679", "title": "Fish in your diet can tackle malnutrition", "text": "MANGALORE: The Asian Fisheries Society, Indian Branch in association with Karnataka Veterinary, Animal and Fisheries Sciences University will organize a four-day symposium on 'Aquatic resources for eradication of hunger and malnutrition opportunities and challenges,' at Milagres Convention Centre from Monday.\"There is a need to create awareness about the benefits of eating fish. About 22 per cent of Indian population is malnourished and if people start eating more fish, chances of falling ill will be low,\" said Sham Sundar, secretary of Asian Fisheries Society Indian Branch (AFSIB) here on Friday.Several foreign countries are promoting fish over red meat, said KM Shankar, dean of College of Fisheries, Mangalore. \"Since malnutrition is a huge problem in Maldives, Hussain Rasheed Hassan, the minister of fisheries, Maldives has been invited to take part in the symposium. Hussain Rasheed will be speaking on problems related to malnutrition and fish production,\" he added.The symposium aims at bringing experts from fields like human nutrition, medicine, policy makers, aquatic resource management, aquaculture, food processing, and economics under one roof to develop strategies to increase fish production.Minister for fisheries Anand S Asnotikar will inaugurate the symposium and Meena Kumari, deputy director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436737", "title": "New international cricket stadium at Super Corridor", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA) board on Friday approved to give around 25 to 30 acre of land at Sport Complex near Super Corridor to Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) for development of an international level cricket stadium and related infrastructure.Land to MPCA will be given through allotment and not through bidding. For this purpose, IDA has sent a proposal to town and country planning department. At present, the city has one cricket stadium at Race Course Road, which is relatively small and being in the middle of city causes traffic problem in case of any international match.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said IDA had received proposal from MPCA for developing international cricket stadium. IDA has 100 acre of land in Sport Complex at Scheme no 151, 169-B and 170. Out of this, 25 to 30 acre will be given for cricket stadium at scheme no. 151 and 169-B. The front portion of the stadium will be used for commercial purpose and the money earned from selling those spaces will be used for developing road and civic infrastructure in that area.IDA has also decided to use seven acre of land adjacent to stadium for activities like club house, restaurants and hotels. Thus, scheme 151 and 169-B will have an international cricket stadium on 25 to 30 acres and club house, restaurants and hotels on remaining 7 acres.Remaining 65 acres of land of Sport Complex is in scheme no. 170. Out of this 15 acres of land will be given to the farmers from whom land has been acquired and rest 50 acre will be allotted for other sports activities.IDA CEO said cricket is only sport which can develop its own stadium and there is need also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436538", "title": "Minor's wedding stopped", "text": "MYSORE: Officials of women and child welfare department stopped the wedding of a minor girl at Koorgahalli in Mysore taluk.Vijay N R, deputy director women and child welfare department, said that following a complaint from the public, they stopped the wedding of a 17-year-old girl with a 30-year-old man on Friday. \"Her poor parents work as daily wage labourers,\" he said.People's representatives and anganwadi workers were part of the team that raided the wedding venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17434383", "title": "Three girls rescued from prostitution", "text": "CALANGUTE: Three girls were rescued from a prostitution racket in a raid conducted by the Calangute police at Gaurawaddo, Calangute, late Thursday night.Two girls are from Mumbai and one from Delhi, and are 21-26 age group. They were staying in a guest house and were supplied by two pimps who are on the run.Following the raid, the Calangute gram sabha lauded the efforts of the Calangute PI for the crackdown on prostitution over the last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434765", "title": "Seminar for budding law aspirants in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Times of India in association with Career Launcher is organising a seminar for students opting for law as a career. The seminar will be organised at Hotel Milan Palace on December 2 from 11am onward.The advent of the national law schools/universities has added an extra dimension to the cause of legal education in India. Career launcher has a remarkable success rate in training CLAT aspirants. It has been entrusted to spread popularise integrated law courses run by various law schools through its course LST (Law School Tutorial) which enables aspirants to crack the CLAT and other legal entrance examinations.Manish Hasnain from NLSIU Bangalore and other prominent lawmakers, alumni from the National Law Schools/universities will address the seminar. The seminar has dual purposes: to acquaint students and their guardians with the possibilities in the field of law and what legal experts think about it and second, the wherewithal required to succeed in this challenging field.Vishal Gulati, joint director, Career Launcher Allahabad said speakers will speak on a gamut of topics ranging from law as a career, changing trends in law, CLAT dissected and LST. Institute director Gaurav Agrawal said the seminar will help students and their guardians clear doubts regarding law as a career. Shashank Somvanshi, centre head, will conduct the seminar. Career launcher will start new batches for CLAT 2013 from December 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436861", "title": "Income tax search on top builders", "text": "RAIPUR: In a major operation to uncover undeclared wealth, income tax officials today carried out search at about 40 premises of top builders of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. The entire operation was carried out simultaneously across the two states by IT officials drawn from Bhopal, Raipur, Indore and Jabalpur.The raids that were carried out at the company offices and residential premises of its owners commenced at 8am in the morning and continued late in the night.While IT officials were tight-lipped about the outcome of the raid, they said several incriminating documents were seized and will be assessed in due course. An official on condition of anonymity said they had prior information about huge cash transactions having taken place by the companies and their promoters. The officials said since land deals involve a lot of underhand cash dealings it might take some time to scrutinize the papers which pertain mainly to purchase and sale of land.Sources said, Amrit homes, Fortune, IBD and Soumya builders located primarily in MP with limited operations in Chhattisgarh, were on I-T radar. In Raipur, search operations were conducted at Ahuja group's premises. The entire operation was carried out under the supervision of director general (investigation) AK Tewari. Sources in I-T department, Raipur, said that residential premises of promoters of Ahuja group were also searched. Ahuja group also runs an education institute near Mandir Hasod and the group has several housing projects underway in Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17438976", "title": "Champions Trophy: Australia down Belgium 4-2", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia began their hunt for a fifth successive Champions Trophy title by spiking debutant Belgium's challenge 4-2 in a Pool A match on the opening day at the State Hockey Centre on Saturday.Leading 3-0 soon on goals from Glenn Simpson (fourth minute), Jacob Whetton (29th) and Russell Ford (37th), Australia were jostled by two goals in successive minutes from Sebastian Dockier (38th and 39th), who gave Belgium something to cheer in their maiden appearance in the Champions Trophy.Just 45 seconds separated the two goals from Dockier, who first deflected in a cross and then sent a stinging shot past custodian Andrew Charter, who came in as a substitute goalkeeper after half-time and conceded two goals within four minutes.Striker Christopher Ciriello, who returned to the pitch in the second half despite suffering a broken nose early in the game, fired Australia's fourth goal to again lift the spirits of a partisan home crowd.In another Pool A match, New Zealand gave Olympic champions Germany a scare before the world's top-ranked team prevailed 3-2.Staging a fine rally in the closing stages after slipping behind by three goals at half-time, New Zealand came close to equalising, only to see the strikers miss a chance in the dying seconds.Earlier, Olympic Games silver medallists Netherlands launched the tournament with a 3-1 come-from-behind victory over Pakistan, who stunned the Dutch defence midway in the first session to open the scoring through nippy striker Muhammad Waqas.But the Dutch penalty corner drills then penetrated three times to take full points from the Pool B fixture.Before New Zealand came into the contest, Germany coasted to a three-goal lead before the breather. Tobias Matania opened the account with a penalty corner strike in the second minute before field goals from Jan Christopher Ruehr (21st minute) and Oliver Korn (26th) made it 3-0 for the Germans.The New Zealand rally began with a 56th minute penalty corner goal by Matt L'Huillier and they were in the chase for a point when Nicholas Wilson shot on target in open play four minutes from the hooter.The Germans had to fall back a bit to ward off the late Black Sticks surge that nearly fetched them the equaliser in the last few seconds. The New Zealand strikers, however, failed to get a shot past custodian Nicholas Jacobi, who managed to hold his ground.Pakistan surprised the Dutch defence when Waqas capitalised on a move by seasoned striker Shakeel Abbasi, slotting the ball into the boards in the 17th minute.Pakistan held the lead until the 31st minute when Netherlands equalised on a set-piece penalty corner conversion by Sander de Wijn, whose deflection was again on target in the 45th minute to put the Dutch in the lead for the first time.Jerone Hertzberger sent in a penalty corner shot past goalkeeper Imran Butt in the 14th minute to increase the Dutch lead and put the game beyond Pakistan's reach. Pakistan had a few openings to gen's t back into the contest, but Dutch custodian Jaap Stockmann was not to be beaten again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436177", "title": "Pan-India colours deck up Mahotsav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Visitors to Lucknow Mahotsav are getting a peep into a kaleidoscope of Indian handicrafts. True to its pan-India theme of 'Ekta Ki Virasat', the gala event has on display the best and attractive works from different states of the country. With many products available at affordable prices, visitors are thronging these stalls. TOI took a round of the Mahotsav on the varieties every state is offering.Nagaland: Nagaland is blossoming at Mahotsav, literally. The new varieties of artificial flowers from this northeast state are in great demand. These are made after drying original flowers. While the Mise rose is priced at Rs 30 per stick, Emli has been priced at Rs 20 per stick. The grapes flower is available in three colours -- red, gold and silver. The decorative piece in spiral shape is also high in demand.Punjab: The fine art work of fibre from Mohali has lent an artistic touch to the fest. From wall brackets to centre tables and from flowerpots to showpieces, the fibre art work is washable, unbreakable and has long life. The wall brackets are available for Rs 1,200 per pair while the range of table starts from Rs 12,000 and goes upto Rs 20,000.Jammu and Kashmir: Be it feran, suit pieces, shawls or sarees, the Kashmiri stalls are always jampacked with the visitors. Available in pure wool, silk, pashmina and mixed fabrics, Kashmiri woollen stuff though comes at a cost.Ahmedabad: Visitors are evincing interest in Kutchi handicraft like table cloth, wall hangings, bags and pillow cover. Apart from the varieties, these products are available in the affordable range between Rs 50 and Rs 800.Himachal Pradesh: The design and colour on Kinnauri caps and shawls carries special religious significance and mythological background. The price of shawls range from Rs 750 to Rs 1,250. Besides Nehru Jacket is available for Rs 550 while price of ladies coat starts from Rs 1,350.Odisha: Colourful lamp shades of Bhubaneswar have added vibrancy to Lucknow Mahotsav. Apart from this, wall hangings and bag with applique work are also available. The price of wall hangings starts from Rs 450 and that of bags from Rs 45.Rajasthan: The traditional katputli (puppet), door hanging and king riding on a horse take one into childhood days. Made of wood and decorated with cloth, these items are still high in demand at Mahotsav. Easy on the pocket, the price of these stuff starts from Rs 20.Assam: The stalls from Assam are displaying things made up of bamboo-like wall hanging with the face of animals, showpieces, hair clips, sofa and diwan. The bamboo sofa though has long life is priced high -- Rs 16,000. Other bamboo products start from Rs 20.Tamil Nadu: The baskets, hats and trays made up of palm wood are very popular. Being attractive and cheap, many visitors are buying them. All the palm products range between Rs 20 and Rs 60.West Bengal: The wide range of sarees from Kolkata are a major attraction for women visitors. While the range of Tat saree starts from Rs 500, Katha silk saree begins from Rs 5,000. The Cosa saree is priced at Rs 1,250 and above.Madhya Pradesh: The stalls from Chanderi are displaying chanderi and silk sarees and cotton and silk pieces. The Chanderi sarees range between Rs 800-1,000 while the price of silk sarees begins from Rs 2,500. The starting range of Chanderi suit piece is from Rs 800.Uttar Pradesh: Carved on Assam teak wood, the flowerpots, furniture and boxes from Saharanpur are also on display. The flowerpots range between Rs 600-2,500 while the cost of box is Rs 12,000. The range of furniture begins from Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436148", "title": "Threat calls to hospital official", "text": "PATNA: The superintendent of Government Ayurvedic College Hospital, Kadamkuan, Dr Devanand Prasad Singh, has been receiving threatening calls on his mobile phone for the last two days.In an FIR lodged with the Shastrinagar police station on Friday, Dr Singh said, \"I received threatening calls twice since yesterday. The caller said he will shoot me within two days. However, he did not ask for money.\"Singh has not named anyone as accused. \"The caller claimed he is son of one Bhola Singh but I do not know any Bhola Singh.\" The threatening calls were received from cellphone number 9122259912, Singh said and added he had also informed the Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh about the incident and sought security.Singh told TOI the same caller called him on Friday and identified himself as Jaishankar, a phone booth operator of Begusarai. \"Jaishankar claimed a drunk person had forcibly made calls from his booth using his mobile number.\" But Jaishankar didn't explain why he didn't inform the police.Meanwhile, Ranjit Kumar, who was hit by a CRPF vehicle on Govind Mitra Road on Thursday, succumbed to his injuries while undergoing treatment in a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17433677", "title": "Touring English cricketers arrive at the City of Joy", "text": "KOLKATA: Four days after scripting a historic 10-wicket win over India in Mumbai, the touring English cricketers checked into their hotel rooms in the City of Joy on Friday. Captain Alastair Cook and his boys appeared to be in no hurry to resume practice ahead of the third Test beginning here on Wednesday.With the team management deciding to give the players complete 'rest' on Saturday, the visitors will be out of action for five days, having won at the Wankhede on November 26 - the fourth day of the Test match - to level the four-Test series 1-1.After checking into the hotel, the players generally confined themselves to their rooms. Bowling coach Mushtaq Ahmed didn't, however, accompany the team on Friday. The former Pakistan leg-spinner has apparently taken a few days off after the second Test and will rejoin the side well in time for the match here.\"Mushtaq is expected here tomorrow or the day after,\" a team source told TOI. The entire England squad is scheduled to visit Future Hope, a school for under-privileged children run by a non-governmental organisation (NGO), on Saturday afternoon. A few players have also expressed their desire to play a round of golf.\"The English team will be having their first practice session at the Eden Gardens on Sunday morning,\" the team's media manager said.Team India players are expected to arrive in the city in batches on Sunday. They will practise at the venue on Monday and Tuesday. The arrival of the visiting side coincided with the beefing up of security measures, with the city police deciding to throw a safety cover around the Eden pitch from Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433872", "title": "Lessons from UK on misuse of Section 66A", "text": "NEW DELHI: The abuse of Section 66A of the Information Technology Act is not limited to the procedural issue of arrest. None of the cases that have outraged the public and the Supreme Court meet the substantive standard set in Britain for determining whether a message was \"grossly offensive\", the very expression figuring in Section 66A.The comparison is apt as a lot of the language of Section 66A, enacted in 2008, is borrowed from Section 127 of the UK's Communications Act 2003. Since the constitutionality of Section 66A is yet to be tested, the only judicial guideline available is a verdict delivered in 2006 by the House of Lords setting the bar for the messages that could be construed as grossly offensive.All those controversial arrests under Section 66A have been based on the premise, made entirely at the instance of the complainant, that the email, Facebook post or tweet concerned was grossly offensive. Such a draconian approach might, on the face of it, seem to be in line with the 2006 ruling of what was then the highest court in Britain.For, it said: \"The test is whether a message is couched in terms liable to cause gross offence to those to whom it relates.\" The landmark judgment however clarified that whether a message was grossly offensive did not depend merely on the degree of offence taken by the complainant.Even as it convicted the accused, the House of Lords held that the words in question must be judged by applying \"the standards of an open and just multi-racial society\" and \"taking account of their context and all relevant circumstances\".Striking a balance between free speech and attacks on the reputations and rights of others, the House of Lords observed: \"There can be no yardstick of gross offensiveness otherwise than by the application of reasonably enlightened, but not perfectionist, contemporary standards to the particular message sent in its particular context.\"The British interpretation implies that the police in Palghar, for instance, had no business to book and arrest two girls over a Facebook comment against a bandh forced by Shiv Sena goons in the wake of Bal Thackeray's death. For, the Facebook comment in the given context said nothing that could have violated reasonably enlightened and contemporary standards of discourse.If the Supreme Court chooses to read down the loosely drafted Section 66A, it is bound to find much relevance in the British precedent. Even otherwise, the UK law is more liberal as it imposes a jail term of no more than six months as compared to three years by Section 66A.Significantly, despite the lesser penalty and the reasonable approach taken by the judiciary to so-called grossly offensive messages, Britain is also faced with demands to make the law more liberal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434225", "title": "Two Zee editors sent to 14 days of judicial custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two senior Zee group editors, Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia, were sent to 14 days of judicial custody by a Delhi court, even as three of its senior officials who were issued notices on Thursday joined police investigations.Jawahar Goel, brother of Subhash Chandra and managing director of Dish TV , joined the investigations along with two others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d A Mohan, a top legal aide for the company and Amit Tripathi, its sales head. The crime branch confirmed that the three were brought face-to-face with the two editors and certain facts verified. They claimed the editors had cooperated with the investigators so far.Subhash Chandra, the chairman of the Essel group and Punit Goenka , the firm's MD, are yet to join investigations as both of them are out of the country. Zee News CEO Alok Agrawal claimed that notices were served on six officials to appear on November 29 before the crime branch within two hours. \"Also, a number of these notices were served at incorrect addresses. Appropriate feedback was provided to the crime branch and today many officials, available in the city, appeared on their own before the crime branch. Regarding Subhash Chandra, the first notice was served on him to appear before the crime branch on November 28 at Delhi. Looking at his extensive travel schedule, a request was placed before the crime branch asking for a suitable date post December 20. Disregarding the request, the crime branch served notice thrice on November 29 to Mr Chandra to appear the same day before them in the next few hours. This was impossible as he does not live in Delhi.\"Meanwhile, metropolitan magistrate Gaurav Rao sent Zee News head Sudhir Chaudhary and Zee Business editor Samir Ahluwalia to Tihar jail till December 14 after the crime branch said their custodial interrogation was complete and they were no longer required in police custody. Chandra and Punit might be sent fresh notices again after which cops might inform court about the developments.\"I have gone through the earlier order passed by the duty metropolitan magistrate, the probe is in process... therefore the two accused (Sudhir and Samir) are remanded to judicial custody till December 14,\" the court said. Crime branch sources said the major purpose of seeking police custody was the wish to bring Chandra face-to-face with the editors, especially Samir.\"We needed to cross-check the call made by Samir on September 19 to Chandra just after their meeting with the Jindals. We have now received the transcripts of some of the conversations. However, with Chandra not available in the country now, there was no point to seek police remand as we have finished questioning,\" said an officer monitoring the probe.The editors were arrested on charges of trying to extort Rs 100 crore from Congress MP Naveen Jindal's firm. They were produced before the court on Friday after expiry of their two-day police remand. A fresh bail plea was filed on their behalf and will be heard on Saturday. Police sources said the cops would oppose bail. In court, though, the investigating officer sought time to file reply on the bail pleas.\"At this stage, the second bail application has been moved by the counsel of the accused and the IO has sought time to file reply, therefore the argument on the application will be heard tomorrow,\" the court said. Both journalists have been booked under section 384 (extortion), 420 (cheating), 120 B (criminal conspiracy) and 511 (punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436637", "title": "Best of Indian craft at Kalagram", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The inauguration of the fourth national crafts mela at Kalagram, Chandigarh was marked by colourful cultural performances. The event, which will conclude on December 9, features folk traditions, arts and crafts of the tribal regions of India. Craftsmen from across the country are participating in the exhibition.Visitors get a glimpse of the impressive tribal heritage at the 20 ft high entrance gate, which has been crafted on the tribal heritage theme. Of the 120 stalls, a corner has been earmarked for craftsmen from Chandigarh.With the North Zone Cultural Centre inviting acclaimed artists from the country, the inaugural performances featured more than 100 artists dressed in their ethnic best. Around 22 states have joined hands to put up an unbelievable show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436901", "title": "Close shave for GT Exp passengers, 1 dies in panic", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 120 passengers in two air-conditioned (AC) coaches of Chennai-Delhi GT Express had a close shave after the train caught fire near Sithauli station in Gwalior district in wee hours on Friday. A Chennai-based passenger S K Verma suffered cardiac arrest in panic and died, said sources.Verma, 55, was en route to Delhi. He was in the sleeper coach adjacent to the AC coaches that caught fire. The body was sent to Gwalior hospital for post-mortem and family members were informed.According to railway officials, the fire broke out at 2am in the AC Coach B1 soon after it crossed Sithauli station. Passengers pulled the chain and got the train stopped. The bogie was evacuated even as the fire spread to adjacent AC coach B2 that was partially damaged by the fire.Jhansi railway division spokesperson Ravi Prakash told TOI that a compensation of Rs 50,000 has been declared as an immediate relief to deceased's family. \"Railway authorities are trying to ascertain loss to the passengers' luggage as well. They would be compensated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436199", "title": "Three arrested for snatching mobile phone", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people, including two college students, were arrested on charges of snatching a cellphone from a catering student at Little Mount near Saidapet on Thursday night. Police said Asan Kumar, a catering college student, was at a bus stop when three youths intercepted him. They picked up a quarrel with him and snatched his cellphone and took to their heels.Asan raised an alarm. A police team on patrol chased them, but they managed to escape. When they saw the trio running through a narrow lane, a few autorickshaw drivers chased and caught them.Police later identified them as BA final year students Vignesh and Ravi Kumar and their friend Balaji. Guindy police said the college students could be involved in other cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436491", "title": "15,000 posts lying vacant in KEB, says KPTC MD", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation Ltd MD S Selva Kumar has said that Karnataka Electricity Board (KEB) is short of hands -- two persons perform the work of four.Speaking at the 49th All-Member Convention organized by KEB Engineer's Association at JK grounds here on Friday, he said though the government has sanctioned 60,000 employees, there are 15,000 vacancies. \"As many as 1,500 engineers' posts are vacant, which need to be filled at the earliest. KEB requires quality personnel,\" he said, and added: \"Employees must be willing to work anywhere in the state, rather than sticking to a particular place.\"In spite of implementing advanced technology, KEB has not been able to tackle certain situations, he said, adding that people continue to target it in cases of power failure and technical issues.Speaking on power shortage in the state, Karnataka is passing through power shortage mainly due to sudden spurt in demand from the irrigation sector and reduction in power generation.\"KEB is trying to cut losses in transmission and distribution (T&D;). Unlike neighbouring states, Karnataka has not been equipped with latest machineries,\" he claimed.At present, the state is unable to meet the demand, which would rise in the coming days. KEB is unable to generate sufficient capital too, Selva Kumar said.!KEB Engineer's Association president V Venkatasivareddy said the Association has rejected Shunglu committee report on power distribution which speaks of franchise system. The report has said that franchise model is a preferred mode for reduction in T&D; losses given the issues in the sector. The committee does not see meaningful reduction in T&D; losses in the foreseeable future. \"Franchise system gradually leads to privatization of the power sector,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436431", "title": "If Chandigarh can have why not us?", "text": "With Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal offering Chandigarh residents a choice between another Shatabdi Express and conversion of the existing train into a double-decker variant, Ludhianvis are not amused. The common perception is that Bansal wasted no time in wooing the electorate in Chandigarh while people in Ludhiana, who need a Shatabdi just as badly, were left high and dry. Now, they want more such trains between Ludhiana and Delhi.According to BRS Nagar-based marketing professional Gagandeep Singh, the number of trains from Ludhiana to Delhi is less. \"The bus journey takes longer than the train and is not as comfortable. Since the railway minister is the MP from Chandigarh, he will try to mollify voters in the area. But he should also take care of the aspirations of people from Ludhiana,\" he said.Union minister for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari, who is from Ludhiana, said, \"We got a new Shatabdi train in November 2011, which we extended to Moga. The only demand pending with me is that of getting Jan Shatabdi for Ludhiana. I am taking up the matter with the railway minister and will get the train introduced soon.\"Model Town-based businessman Sonu Syal cited volume of business and number of passengers between Ludhiana and other cities as reasons to seek better connectivity.\"The railway minister should take the industry of Ludhiana into consideration to start more trains between the two destinations. After all, Ludhiana is the second biggest city in north India.\" However, Syal is sceptical of what he describes as politicking on the issue.Honey Sabharwal of Kitchlu Nagar conceded that the railway minister, being an MP from Chandigarh, would focus on the union territory more. \"Going by the industrial activity between Delhi and 'Manchester of India' and looking at the available means of transport, it doesn't seem irrational to ask for better connectivity.\"Being a city that witnesses a lot of industrial activity, Ludhiana has a large number of commuters who travel to and from New Delhi in one day, which necessitates a Shatabdi train, industrialist from Civil Lines Kiran Jain pointed out. \"Since Ludhiana is the biggest business centre in the state, the railway minister should come up with the same proposal for this city,\" he said.Dinesh Anand, a businessman from Civil Lines said pampering his voters is all right, but the railway minister should also consider the needs of an important city like Ludhiana. If he is considering an additional Shatabdi or a double-decker train from Chandigarh, he should also think about the facilities that this industrial hub needs to prosper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434638", "title": "Exams on Monday, Gujarat University students not issued hall tickets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) will begin its academic session, after the Diwali vacation, with third semester exams for BA, BCom and BSc students from Monday. Thousands of students, however, have not yet been issued hall tickets by the university.Friday saw desperate visits by students seeking their hall tickets to GU. Anxiety was writ large as students went about the campus from pillar to post for their hall tickets.Realizing that its administrative unpreparedness may lead to a full blown crisis, GU authorities asked colleges to take printouts of hall tickets and distribute them to students.The situation is especially precarious in rural colleges, many of which do not have access to good printers. Many colleges complained that GU has also not completed the process of issuing seat numbers to students.Meanwhile, students have also raised protests over the online filling of exam forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436438", "title": "She left home for convent dreams", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten-year-old Lakshmi Devendra didn't want to study in a government school. So, she decided to run away and join a convent school. She left home on November 26 and walked into a convent school in Lingarajapuram. \"I'm an orphan ,\" she told teachers there.\"My father is addicted to alcohol and my mother has shunned me. Please admit in your school,\" she told them. But the teachers sensed something amiss and took the girl to the APSA helpline in Annasandrapalya near HAL that evening.Gunasheela Krishnappa, convener , APSA, took her into custody on Monday evening and informed Pulakeshinagar police.The TOI report on November 28 highlighted police apathy in tracing the girl and prompted Hennur police to redouble their efforts. After reading the report, ACP D Narayanaswamy formed three special teams to trace the girl. \"I was not aware about it till then,\" he said on Friday. Gunasheela, who read the TOI report and saw Lakshmi's photo, realized that she was the girl in their care .\"I told Pulakeshinagar police who informed their Hennur counterparts ,\" Gunasheela told The Times of India.On Friday , Hennur police and Lakshmi's mother Shivamma went to APSA around 1pm and she identified her daughter. \"The child was handed over to the Child Welfare Committee before being reunited with our family ,\" she said.She wanted to dress like other girls, speak EnglishLakshmi says all she wants is to study in a convent school. \"After coming to Bangalore, I saw how other girls of my age dress and speak English. I decided to join a convent school. My mother said she can't afford to send to such a school. So, I ran away from home,\" she told TOI. Lakshmi requested this reporter: \"Please tell anna (brother Mallikarjun) not to scold me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435588", "title": "Kin of arrested Hyderabad couple clueless", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three days after the Oslo police arrested an Indian couple for allegedly scolding their child nine months ago for urinating in school, their family back home is clueless how to get them back while Sai Sriram, the seven-year-old boy has been kept away from prying eyes by his grand-parentsL Veerabadhra Rao, father-in-law of arrested Tata Consultancy Services engineer V Chandrasekhar and daughter Anupama has requested the Indian government to help him bring back the couple to India.\"If a parent reprimands his child of his wrongdoing is it in anyway a crime? We are completely taken aback,\" said V Sailender, a close relative on Friday, who along with other family members met government officials to try and secure the couple's release. Late on Friday, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy directed state chief secretary Minnie Mathew to take necessary steps to secure their release. The Indian mission in Oslo is also learnt to have offered consular support to the arrested Indian couple and help them file an appeal. Earlier this year, Chandrasekhar along with Anupama and their two minor children, Sai Sriram and Abhiram left for Oslo on deputation. In February this year, Sai Sriram urinated in school and was later scolded by his parents who allegedly warned the boy that he would be sent back to India if he repeated the act.A few days later after repeating the act in school, Sriram told his teachers that he was scared to go back home fearing more scoldings. Authorities in Norway, governed by strict child welfare laws immediately got in touch with the Norway Child Protective Service (NCPS), who promptly took the boy into custody and served notices to the couple.After observing the boy for over a month, Oslo authorities said Sriram was hyperactive and required more care from parents, Chandrasekhar and Anupama, who in July this year had come back to India.When Chandrasekhar went back to Oslo for a short period in October for work, he was summoned by NCPS for a hearing in late November. His wife Anupama also joined him and they both appeared before the hearing committee a few days ago when they were arrested.\"Some organisation called Bhanavana in Norway after studying Sai Sriram for six weeks declared that he is hyperactive. But how can reprimanding a child be treated as a criminal offence?\" Sailender said, while confirming the couple was immediately arrested and sent to judicial custody after the hearing.Sai Sriram has been keeping to himself and in the care of his grand parents in Miyapur. \"He is playing at home but is regularly asking about his parents and wanting to know when will they come back,\" he said.As per the original itinerary, Chandrasekhar was supposed to come back from Norway on November 29, the day his visa is scheduled to expire.Family members said till now Norway officials have not officially sent any communication about the arrest. \"It was Chandrasekhar's neighbours who called us and informed about their arrest,'' Veerabadhra Rao, father in-law of Chandrasekhar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435136", "title": "Aurangabad airport hopes to make a Dubai connection", "text": "AURANGABAD: A Dubai-based airline has shown interest in starting direct flights to Aurangabad, provided the airport gets its customs office upgraded, said a highly placed source at the Aurangabad International Airport. According to sources, flyDubai has sent a proposal to the authority here showing interest to start three flights a week.The ball now lies in the aviation ministry's court to expedite the matter. According to the proposal made by the Dubai airline, once the requirement is fulfilled of setting a customs team in place, the airline will start its services in six weeks after its approval.\"More than three lakh tourists, including foreign tourists visit Ajanta caves and another six lakh make it to the Ellora caves each year,\" said Jagdish Patil, regional head of Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC). And the footfall is increasing by each passing year, he said.Patil said that tourists from Buddhist countries will now be able to visit both these sites directly without going to Mumbai. Out of the total Buddhist monuments in the country, about 80% are situated in Maharashtra alone. Patil said that Mumbai to Bhandara is an excellent Buddhist trail which could be developed for tourism. \"Direct international flights will help fill the gap and ensure tourist flow,\" he said.Earlier on Wednesday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan asked the civil aviation ministry for permission to facilitate direct flight services for Buddhists arriving from Korea, Japan, Malaysia and China.The Ajanta and Ellora caves are classified as world heritage sites. At present, those who wish to visit these sites have to come via Mumbai and proceed for alternate modes of travel.D G Salve, director of the Aurangabad International Airport, said, \"We are following up the issue and waiting for directions from higher authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436693", "title": "Murder suspect on bail arrested for robbing woman", "text": "PUNE: A murder suspect released on bail was nabbed by an alert citizen within minutes after he robbed a woman of Rs 50,000 at Lullanagar on Friday afternoon.The suspect was identified as Imran Iqbal Khan (34) from Kamrajnagar in Yerawada.Khan involved in a murder case of a security guard at Loni Kalbhor was released on bail from the Yerawada central prison 15 days ago said senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis in charge of Kondhwa police station.The victim Sunita Kamble (34) and her husband Anil from Lazor park near Kubera park in Kondhwa supply around 4,500 litres milk in Kondhwa and neighbouring areas. The couple collects on an average Rs 2 to 3 lakh from their business. However, on Friday the couple collected Rs 50,000.On her way to Bank of India , Wanowrie branch at around 1.30 pm, Sunita was accosted by Khan. Khan pushed Sunita and snatched her bag containing cash. Khan brandished a sickle threatened her with it after she retaliated and raised an alarm, added Hasabnis.A passer-by (name withheld) heard the victim's cries risked his life and over powered Khan. He then alerted the city police control room dialing 100. A police patrol rushed to the crime scene on receiving the wireless message and took the suspect into custody. The cash and sickle was seized from him, Hasabnis stated.Hasabnis praised Sunita for raising an alarm and the civilian for helping her. Sunita has registered a robbery complaint against Khan under section 394 of the Indian Penal Code. The Loni Kalbhor police had arrested Khan in the murder case in crime register number 324/12 around three and a half months ago. Police are verifying if Khan is involved in other crimes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436250", "title": "Former Army staff vice-chief laments decline instandards of governance", "text": "PATNA: Contrasting the governance of the British era and current days, Lt Gen (retired) S K Sinha, former vice-chief of Army staff, said that despite the economic exploitation under the foreign rule, British provided good institutions of governance. Despite a discouraging political scenario and the all-pervading corruption in governance and society today, much can be done by the institutions of governance for the benefit of the nation, he said.Sinha was delivering the Jayaprakash Narayan Memorial Lecture on \"Undermining Institutions of Governance\" at the A N Sinha Institute of Social Studies (ANSISS) on Friday. He recollected his close association with the Loknayak primarily through anecdotes and personal experiences.He said, \"Indian Civil Service was a steel frame of British administration for centuries and the quality of administration was the best in Asia at that time. But today, even small countries have more efficient bureaucracy.\"Speaking on his controversial resignation from army, Sinha said, \"My association with JP did not become a hindrance in joining the army in British era, but it became an impediment for being the Army chief of India\", attributing it to Indira Gandhi's intervention in the matter.Not sparing political parties, the former governor of Assam and Jammu &amp; Kashmir and ambassador to Nepal said, \"Even though this is an apolitical talk, one can't help saying that political parties and politicians are a major factor in undermining these (democratic) institutions.\"Earlier, ANSISS chairman D N Sahaya highlighted the point that the executive, legislature, judiciary and panchayati raj institutions had suffered loss of credibility and public trust, and stressed on \"the need for an oversight entity to keep under control the government against ... misconduct\". ANSISS director D M Diwakar welcomed the dignitaries and said, \"Sinha's close association with JP made him an obvious choice to deliver the memorial talk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17436636", "title": "AIDYO cultural extravaganza", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad Samskrutika Janotsava organized by the All India Democratic Youth Organization (AIDYO) will have its decennial celebrations with a five-day cultural extravaganza beginning in the twin cities of Dharwad and Hubli from Saturday.Cultural programmes, street plays, film show and seminars will be held as part of the event. A special literary bulletin named 'Jana Samskruti' will be released on the occasion. State president of AIDYO Ramanjaneyappa Aldalli said senior literary critic GS ill inaugurate the programme at a function to be held at Kadapa Maidan here on December 1.The inaugural session will be followed by cultural programmes including songs by Sangeetakala and troupe from Hyderabad, light musical orchestra by Laya Sarga troupe from Sirsi, and the play 'Poorti Satya' by Avishkara troupe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436278", "title": "Speeding car crashes on Mysore Road, 3 die", "text": "BANGALORE: Syed Rahim watched in horror as the speeding Honda City hit the Mysore Road median, careened into the pillars of the elevated NICE Road on the right and turned over the median. Straight into the path of a Swaraj Mazda. There was a loud crash, and the Honda City split into two.Rahim, following in an Alto, froze. His brother Syed Saleem and four other friends were in the crashed car. He and his friend Ritesh rushed to the spot. Two victims were lying on the road, two were thrown on to the footpath and miraculously, one passenger was still in the backseat. They did a quick check and finding signs of life in two of the mangled bodies, rushed them to BGS Hospital. It was 12.15am Friday.Police identified the dead as Sachin Shetty, 27, Devaraj Chinnathambi, 39, and Amanulla Sharif, 21. Syed Saleem,18, and Syed Habeeb, 21, are in the hospital ICU.The sight of the flattened sedan was an unbelievable sight even for the cops. It was being driven at a breakneck 120km/ph.In his statement to police, Syed Rahim said the group of seven had left for Shreya Hospital in Kengeri to visit Sachin's aunt, who met with an accident. Then they decided to have dinner at a dhaba near the Kengeri checkpost. Sachin set out ahead in his Honda City, and Rahim followed in the Alto.\"The car was overspeeding and when it reached the NICE Road-Mysore Road junction, the right tyre burst. The car could not be controlled. It hit the median before ramming the pillars of the elevated NICE Road. With the impact, the car fell over the median. At the same time, a Swaraj Mazda was coming from Bidadi on the other side of the road. The car rammed the Mazda and stopped,\" Rahim said in his statement.\"When we reached the car, it was split into two. Sachin and Saleem were lying on the road, while Devaraj and Aman's bodies were on the footpath on the left. We found Syed Habeeb in the backseat. There was life left in Saleem and Habeeb so we rushed them to BGS Hospital,\" he said.Police officers said the case is under investigation. \"We've gathered that the Honda City was travelling at over 120 km/hour. We've asked for technical help to analyze the puncture. Doctors at Victoria Hospital will give us a report on whether the driver was under the influence of alcohol,\" said a senior officer.MEDICAL CONDITIONDoctors said both the injured were out of danger. \"Syed Saleem suffered a fracture on his skull and there was some damage to his brain as well, but he's fine and conscious. Syed Habeeb was brought in with complex injuries, his face suffered multiple fractures and his left ribs were broken which led to bleeding in the lungs. We stopped the bleeding with a minor operation and another surgery is planned for his face fractures,\" said Dr Arun L Naik, senior consultant neurosurgeon, BGS Global Hospitals.WHO WERE THEY?Sachin Shetty, a native of Mangalore, owned a chaat shop. Devaraj was his employee. A native of Tamil Nadu, Devaraj came to Bangalore in search of a job at the age of 12. He was married with three children aged 7, 4 and 3 months. Sachin's friend Amanulla was running a company which shut down a few months ago. Saleem was working as a mechanic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436157", "title": "Patna Women's College organizes 2-day fete", "text": "PATNA: The open-air stage of Patna Women's College was abuzz with latest musical tracks as students were checking out designer bags, trinkets, winterwear, cellphones and Scooty models and gorging on delicacies on the first day of the two-day workshop cum fete \"Reklam-es-Media 2013\" organized by the Department of Advertising, Sales Promotion and Sales Management on Friday.A number of educational institutions have also put up their stalls to share information about various undergraduate, postgraduate and distance learning programmes offered by them. Amarjeet Singh, proprietor of a leading two-wheeler outlet, has been putting up his stall at the college for eight years now. He said, \"Girls first check the bikes themselves and then come with their parents to make bookings on the second day. We are offering free insurance for the bookings done here.\"Booths of varied nature have been put up in the fete. Registrations were being done for girls who wanted to participate in the \"Miss Bihar\" contest which would be held in the second fortnight of December. \"Girls between 16-25 years can submit their names till December 2, after which they would be shortlisted and trained by professionals. The main event would be judged by Bollywood actors Minissha Lamba and Aditi Govitrikar,\" said Praveen Sinha, event organizer.While interesting names of stalls such as 'Eateria', 'Dazzling Diva', 'Venezuelan' and 'Lyrica' evoked interest among girls and ladies, 'Ishq wala love' (from Student of the Year movie) remained the most popular track when it came to dedications made at the Jukebox.The foodies had a field day with various delicacies offered at the eating joints. \"Instead of making any purchases from here (as the options are limited), I spend my pocket money on my favourite Chinese dishes,\" said Puja Sharma, a second year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436248", "title": "Fuel pilfered before it", "text": "CHENNAI: Police and directorate-general of shipping investigators carrying out parallel probes on the grounding of stranded oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery believe that fuel and provisions were stolen before they could reach the vessel early in October, leaving the vessel without power or supplies when Cyclone Nilam struck on October 31. The ship ran aground off Chennai as the storm approached and six sailors died when a lifeboat carrying 22 crew members capsized in choppy waters.Investigating officials said they are likely to further interrogate arrested ship agents to determine how the fuel and supplies were hijacked before they could delivered to the ship. Pilferage of oil from tankers or barges in outer anchorage has become a major racket, with crew members sometimes conniving with the oil mafia to steal fuel. Several gangs are involved in the theft of fuel, which they process and adulterate before selling it in the city.Officials said they are probing a series of suspicious incidents involving the vessel owner, captain, agents, Indian Oil Corporation, which had chartered Pratibha Cauvery to deliver a shipment of fuel from Haldia Port in West Bengal to Chennai. As the chartering firm, IOC would have been required to refuel the vessel, investigators said, and the probes are focusing on how the fuel vanished from the barge taking it to the ship. Reports from the investigations could charge various government agencies with criminal negligence during the storm that caused the six sailors' death , officials said.\"The ship delivered its cargo of oil to IOC at the port on September 29,\" an investigating official said. \"Yet, when the cyclone struck a month later, the ship was left without fuel.\"Pratibha Cauvery approached Chennai on September 25 and left the port on September 29, sailing to Mumbai despite the Indian Register of Shipping listing its licence as 'expired'. Documents at Chennai Port's traffic department show that the vessels turned around and, instead of heading to Mumbai, sailed towards the city on October 8, reportedly for fuel and supplies.Investigators say the vessel had sailed out Haldia to Chennai without permission, possibly with the collusion of officials of the directorate-general of shipping, who allowed the ship to continue operations even though it was not seaworthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436690", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation says no to water barrage at Jakribettu", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) at the monthly meeting of its council here on Friday adopted a resolution not to allow Mangalore Special Economic Zone (MSEZ) to build a water storage barrage at Jakribettu in Bantwal taluk. The proposed barrage of MSEZ is located midway from MCC's vented dam at Thumbe and AMR Company's vented dam. It is four kilometres upstream from Thumbe and seven kilometres downstream from AMR dam.An office note circulated as part of the agenda pointed out that the barrage at Jakribettu is close to the vented dam at Thumbe, which is the main drinking and industrial water source to the residents and industrial units located in the city. The barrage will reduce water storage at the new seven-metre high vented dam under construction at Thumbe by nearly 30%. As against proposed storage of 14 million cubic metre, the storage will come down to 10 MCM.This reduction in water storage capacity at Thumbe will have a telling effect on drinking water availability for the city. As per orders passed by the state government to MSEZ, the company should have completed their barrage within five-years. However, even after 4-1/2 years, MSEZ is yet to start work on the barrage, the office note pointed.Under these circumstances, it is not prudent to allow them to go ahead with the construction. The council that met under mayor Gulzaar Banu unanimously adopted the office note and it was decided to inform the principal secretary, water resources department through the deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda accordingly.The city corporation officials told TOI that the DC had already been apprised of this development and the council resolution was adopted to fortify the civic body's position and to prevent a possible water scarcity in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436953", "title": "Powerful lobbying on for SERC chairman's post", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The hunt for a new chairman of the state electricity regulatory commission seems to have elicited huge response among retired civil servants. The main contenders who eye the coveted posts include former director general of Border Security Force (BSF) Raman Srivastava, former union secretary for shipping, K Mohandas and former KSEB chairman and principal chief conservator of forests T M Manoharan.According to sources, the IAS, IPS and IFS officials have already expressed their interest to be considered for the post.The notification inviting applications from potential candidates was issued by the state power department on November 22. The post fell vacant following the death of the then chairman K J Mathew in September 2012.As per the norms, the term of office of the chairperson shall be five years from the date of assumption of charge, but his age should not be above 65 years.Raman Srivastana, a 1973 batch IPS officer of Kerala cadre had retired from service on October 31, 2011. He had earlier held the post of DGP in Kerala. Known for his close connections with former CM K Karunakaran, he too was caught in the ISRO espionage case. Supreme Court later dismissed the case as baseless.A 1974 batch IAS officer of Kerala cadre, K Mohandas retired from service in February 28, this year. Son-in-law of Kerala Congress leader R Balakrishna Pillai, Mohandas is currently posted as the chairman of Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation. He had earlier caught headlines when he rejected the post of chief secretary in the state as the offer reached him only few months before his retirement from service.T M Manoharan is a former chairman of KSEB and a Kerala cadre IFS officer of 1976 batch. He retired from service on May 31, 2012. He had worked as the chairman of KSEB twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434959", "title": "Toll free number to assist mela visitors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a bid to offer connivance to pilgrims and devotees arriving at Sangam city during Maha Kumbh 2013, the mela police administration has decided to launch 30 toll-free parallel phone lines working round the clock to solve the problems of visitors related to locations, services and crime.Mela police administration has also planned to install LED sign boards to guide pilgrims to their destination day or night. Deputy superintendent of police for Kumbh, Neeraj Pandey, told TOI \"Calling on the five-digit toll free number would help pilgrims find a solution to any problem they might face during the mela.\" He added that the toll free number 19440 will have 30 parallel lines, so that no caller one got a busy tone. Similarly, mela police would also set up public assistance booths.With over 10 crore pilgrims including 60,000 foreigners expected to visit Kumbh mela commencing from January 14, 2013, mela police officials maintained police officials would be taking care of every visitor and provide elaborate security. Police have divided the entire mela area into six sectors and an additional SP rank police official would be made in charge of the sector. The mela area is spread into 14 sectors and every zone will have two or three sub-sectors.It is estimated that two police stations would be set up each and every sector and three police lines have been set up. Besides, 30 police stations and 40 police outposts would also be set up.Jawans of 'jal police' would be deputed at ghats where pilgrims would be taking a holy dip and personnel of PAC flood companies would be maintaining a strict watch. Every company will have 17 boats for rescue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ambernath", "code": "17435092", "title": "Ambernath school auctioned, debt tribunal to review case", "text": "AMBERNATH: After a bank sealed and auctioned Ambernath's Malutai Gokhale-Rahalkar School after the management failed to repay a Rs 32 lakh loan, several social workers, former students, citizens and political leaders have come forward to save the school.So far, the school trust and teachers have contributed approximately Rs 16 lakh for the purpose.Sources said now the management is waiting for the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) decision on whether the auction can be cancelled and the school time is given time to repay the remaining amount. The decision is expected on Monday.The auction has put a question mark over the schooling of 875 students, 50% of whom are from the Phase-Pardhi community and get free education at the school. From Thursday, teachers started taking class on a road outside the school, one of oldest in Ambernath.As it was constructed way back in 1949, the school structure was demolished in 2000 and a new one was built in its place. At that time, the trust and the teachers had put together Rs 11 lakh of their own and taken a Rs 7 lakh loan from Oriental Bank of Commerce .Sources said when the school could not repay, the bank referred the matter to the DRT, which on May 2012 ordered that the building be auctioned. Accordingly, an auction was held in August, and the building and the plot were sold for Rs 1.27 crore to a private party. The school management then approached the DRT, which accepted their plea and called for a hearing on December 3.Shagun Bhadkamkar, trust president, said, \"In our plea, we have asked the DRT to cancel the auction as it is illegal. In June this year, the bank wrote to us saying they were willing to consider a one-time settlement. And, on August 24, the bank called us for a meeting on August 30. However, the property was auctioned before the meeting.\" Sheetal Joshi, a social worker, said, \"We are waiting for the DRT decision, which is expected on Monday. Once it is taken, we will immediately collect and deposit the amount.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436408", "title": "World AIDS Day: Students ready to dispel myths", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seminars and rallies on HIV/AIDS will be organized at educational institutions and health organizations to spread awareness among residents on World AIDS Day on Saturday. The Red Ribbon Express will pull into the city for the second time after 2008, to stay from December 17 to 19.Gulzar Group of Institutes started an AIDS awareness programme on Friday with a seminar under the guidance of the Red Ribbon Club from Pushpa Gujral Science City, Jalandhar. More than 2,000 students participated in the programme.The session began with a discussion in which students expressed their views on HIV/AIDS to dispel common myths and misconceptions on the subject. The discussion was followed by a short film on AIDS awareness. Many students expressed their willingness to be associated with the HIV/AIDS awareness campaign being run by the Red Ribbon Club.According to college executive director Gurkirat Singh, \"Students are the future of our nation and increased awareness at this stage will help them protect themselves from infection and spearhead change in the attitude of their family members and civic society towards people living with HIV.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17433667", "title": "Rajasthan referendum to recall corporator", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time in Rajasthan, an election for recalling an elected chairman of a municipal body will be held in Baran district on December 12 in accordance with the amendment to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act passed by the state assembly in March last year. If more than half the total number of voters in the district's Manglore Nagar Palika (municipality) favours the recall, the elected position of chairman - Ashok Jain -will be nullified. The move has been initiated allegedly due to Jain's highhandedness and non-performance.When TOI contacted Jain, who was elected as an independent candidate in November 2009, he accused Congress legislator from Anta constituency in Baran district Pramod Jain Bhaya of conspiring to remove him from his elected position.The voting for the recall is being held after the no-confidence motion that was passed by over three-fourth of the elected members of the municipality board on January 4 got clearance at the levels of district election officer, state's local self government department and state election commission.The municipality board has 20 elected members of which 17 voted against Jain during the no-confidence motion. Of the 17, 10 members were from Congress, five from BJP and one independent.Rajasthan's state election commissioner A K Pandey said that as per the amendment carried out by the state assembly to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act in March last year, voting for the recall of Ashok Jain will be held on December 12.A no confidence motion against Jain had been proposed by the members of the municipality board on January 4.\"The members passed the no-confidence motion on January 4. The proposal to recall Jain was submitted to the district election officer. On receiving the intimation, a meeting of the board members was convened in presence of the presiding officer appointed by then district election officer Shravan Kumar on January 12. As 17 members voted against Jain, the district election officer referred the proposal to the local self government department,\" said the district election officer Sumati Lal Bohra over phoneMeanwhile, Jain approached the Rajasthan high court against the proposal saying that as the councilors of Manglore Nagar Palika had brought a no-confidence motion in the absence of any rules, re-voting for the same position was not possible. However, the state government put into enforcement the amendment to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act in September last year.State election commissioner A K Pandey said, \"the counting of votes will take place on December 14. If over 50% of voters favour the recall, the chairman's position will be nullified,\" said the officer. He added that the provision to recall a mayor or a chairman of a municipal body also exists in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh states.Sources said that Jain had associations with the Congress party, however, he chose to fight as independent candidate when he did not get a Congress ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435648", "title": "Fake paintings: Former art college principal gets anticipatory bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday granted anticipatory bail to the former acting principal of Government College of Art, Dipali Bhattcharyya, who has been accused of faking paintings of Rabindranath Tagore and displaying them at an exhibition inaugurated by the governor on February 27 last year.While granting Bhattacharyya anticipatory bail, the division bench of Justice A K Roy and Justice J Bagchi ordered her to furnish a bond of Rs 5,000 to the magistrate in whose court she would have to apply for permanent bail.Before issuing its order granting Bhattacharyya's petition for anticipatory bail, the bench observed that there was no allegation of commencement of offence by the petitioner.Some city artists had lodged an FIR on October 16 at the New Market police station alleging that by faking drawings and paintings of Tagore, the organiser had tried to authenticate the works as real with the motive to market these at a high price.A Public Interest Litigation was filed in Calcutta high court after the exhibition alleging that 20 paintings displayed in it as Tagore's works were actually fake. The high court ordered that the allegation be verified and it was reported that all the 20 works were fake. The state government was then directed to take steps on the matter.Following that, an FIR was lodged on October 16. Bhattacharyya then moved a petition seeking anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435614", "title": "TMC squabble hits streets", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as Singur's face in the Trinamool Rabindranath Bhattacharya announced his retirement on Friday, another party veteran - Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay - said that he is \"evaluating his options\".Chattopadhyay, who was heckled and assaulted by members of a rival faction in the corridors of Calcutta University on Tuesday, is still waiting for the party to react to it.He is the chief whip in the assembly and one of the most senior members of the party.Chattopadhyay was due to attend a protest rally by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation Employees' and Workers' Union against his assault but stayed away from it after being urged by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , said a Trinamool leader. The CM asked him not to make any anti-party and assured that there would be a meeting at 5pm with senior leaders Subrata Mukherjee and Partha Chatterjee to sort out the issue, the source said.Chattopadhyay waited, but the meeting was called off at the last minute.Looking crestfallen, Chattopadhyay told TOI that he would wait for some more time to see what steps were being taken against the 'culprits' who insulted him at CU. \"I have made my stand amply clear. I want to see the party making its stand clear on the issue where a veteran leader is insulted by upstarts in the party. Let the leadership express its unhappiness over the issue. I have been with Trinamool Congress since its beginning. Nobody should take me for granted,\" Chattopadhyay said, making it clear that he would \"soon decide on the future course of action\".Though Chattopadhyay avoided a direct confrontation with Mamata by not attending the protest rally at Esplanade, the stalemate drags on.Hundreds of KMC workers owing allegiance to the trade union that Chattopadhyay heads thronged Esplanade crossing on Friday afternoon. They shouted slogans demanding the removal of the partymen who misbehaved with Chattopadhyay. The rally included some Inttuc members who were witness to the scuffle between the Chattopadhyay and the rival faction.\"Many of us joined Trinamool because of Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay. Those who laid their hands on him want to spread anarchy within the party. They have failed miserably. They want to strengthen CPM and show others that there is infighting within Trinamool. This was done to rejuvenate the dying CPM party,\" said union leader Pradeep Ganguly.He added, \"those who have gathered here today believe that Shobhandeb is not only a trade union leader or chief whip in the state Assembly but he is a trustworthy leader. He has always been one of the major warriors in the Trinamool camp.The members of the union who had gathered in support of the Assembly chief whip after his assault by another section of the opponent union at Calcutta University on Tuesday threatened that their days are numbered in the party. \"We want immediate dismissal of those members who have been involved in the scuffle. Party should take action against them,\" said Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434203", "title": "BJP to issue black paper on irrigation", "text": "NAGPUR: Slamming the Congress-NCP coalition government over the white paper on irrigation, BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis has said that it was only a status report and compilation of figures already available in the public domain. He also said that former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's violation of procedures while awarding irrigation contracts amounted to cheating and attracted criminal liability.\"The document does not explain why the cost of projects went up so much. In spite of spending so much money, why no physical progress has been achieved. There is no mention of the four enquiry committees set up by the government itself,\" he pointed out.\"If the government thinks that it can get away with such shabby deception, then it is mistaken. We will not allow the state legislature to function unless the government announces an enquiry by a special investigation team (SIT). On the very first day, we will gherao the Vidhan Bhavan. BJP will also publish a black paper on irrigation, exposing the misdeeds of ministers and officials,\" the MLA said.Fadnavis said the government itself had published reports exposing the corruption. \"Last year, the government had tabled a document in the legislature citing observations of Central Water Commission (CWC). According to CWC, it takes between Rs 2 to Rs 2.20 lakh to create a hectare irrigation capacity. However, in Maharashtra the figure is Rs 8.30 lakh. What more proof does the government need?\"\"The Vadnere committee appointed by the state government had pointed out the reasons for higher cost. The irrigation officers fixed the rate of construction materials on their own, which is completely illegal, ignoring the district schedule of rates (DSR). The report said that the rates for concrete were between Rs 12,000 and Rs 15,000 per cubic metre against DSR of between Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,000. Similarly, rates for pipes, hearting and casing and tunnelling is far higher than the DSR. No wonder project costs here are the highest in the country,\" Fadnavis pointed out.The MLA said Ajit Pawar had no moral right to resume his post. \"Pawar had said that the government was free to conduct any type of enquiry against him. The fact is that no enquiry has been done. So, how can the NCP claim that he has been given a clean chit? It is a 'clean cheat' by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434595", "title": "Art for other's sake", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While many may argue that art and science are as distinct as night and day, this physician-cum-artist, or even the other way round, begs to differ. May be not similar, but they most certainly overlap, and the field of medicine, which is an applied science, too possesses an artistic quality. It's not so much the pill that soothes the pain of a patient, but the way the doctor connects with him and puts him at ease. That, believes Dr A K Sharma, is an art!His paintings that feature the serene and magnificent hill station of Mount Abu go on display at the Hutheesing Visual Art Centre on Saturday. What makes Dr Sharma a true artist is the fact that he will donate the proceeds of his exhibition to four causes that he supports.\"Art isn't art unless it creates ripples and contributes to human kind in some way or another,\" says Dr Sharma. \"I run a clinic in Mount Abu where I offer free medical services and whatever I get for my paintings, I will contribute to this clinic. Apart from that, I will also donate the proceedings to Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music And Culture Amongst Youth (SPIC MACAY), People for Animals (PFA) and towards welfare of the blind.\"The 25 pieces on display are a collection created over the period of five months and portray some of Mount Abu's most popular attributes: The Nakki Lake with its still, at times turbulent, waters, Guru Shikhar - the highest point in Rajasthan, Toad Rock - often called the mascot of Mount Abu and Kalbelia, one of the most sensuous dance forms of Rajasthan.\"I have been blessed with the encouragement of many in this endeavour, especially Umang Hutheesing, and the only way I can show my gratitude is by contributing to society in a small way. I hope Amdavadis will support me,\" says Dr Sharma, who resides in Mount Abu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "to facilitate ongoing engineering work between attipatu and ennore stations, the following trains will be partially cancelled on december 1 and 2", "code": "17436266", "title": "Trains to be partially cancelled for repair", "text": "To facilitate ongoing engineering work between Attipatu and Ennore stations, the following trains will be partially cancelled on December 1 and 2:Mooremarket Complex (MMC)-Sulurpetta local scheduled to leave MMC at 9.55am and Sulurpetta-MMC local scheduled to leave Sulurpetta at 9.45am will be partially cancelled between Ennore and Sulurpetta. MMC- Gummidipoondi local scheduled to leave MMC at 9.22am will also be partially cancelled between Ennore and Gummidipoondi.Chennai Beach-Gummidipoondi local scheduled to leave Chennai Beach at 9.35am will be partially cancelled between Ennore and Gummidipoondi.MMC-Gummidipoondi local scheduled to leave MMC at 10.25am and Gummidipoondi-MMC local scheduled to leave Gummidipoondi at 9.30am will be partially cancelled between Ennore and Gummidipoondi.Gummidipoondi-MMC locals scheduled to leave Gummidipoondi at 10.50am and 11.20 am will be partially cancelled between Gummidipoondi and Ennore, said a release from the railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17436928", "title": "Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation passes reveal identity of HIV patients", "text": "JAIPUR: The concession passes issued by Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation (RSRTC) to people living with HIV/AIDS for travel in its buses has led to the identity of HIV positive patients being disclosed on many occasion, which goes against National Aids Control Organization (NACO) guidelines.The RSRTC gives 75 concession on fare for travel between Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) centre and the patient's home. The provision of concession was introduced by the state government so that the people living with HIV/AIDS would not have to spend on fares to get medicines for HIV/AIDS, which is being provided by the Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society free of cost from the ART centers. However, many HIV/AIDS patients claimed they have to face problems in availing the concession. \"The bus conductor demands the pass issued by RSRTC. Since the passes refer to the holder as immunocompromised, some conductors ask us many questions about medicines and ART centers, which lead to disclosure of our HIV status,\" Sangeeta (name changed), an HIV positive woman said.NGOs working for HIV/AIDS victims also confirmed that such incidents have happened in the past. Shushila Mordiya, a got coordinator HIV positive women network of Rajasthan said, \"Such incidents have happened in the past. There is a need for RSRTC to issue passes which would not reveal the identity of HIV positive people.\"The RSRTC concession passes include the name, age, residence, of the patient, as well as ART number and the status \"immunocompromised\" apart from the signatures and stamp of ART centre's nodal officer and medical officer of the hospital.RSRTC executive director Vishram Meena said, \"We have already directed our employees that the identity of HIV/AIDS victims should not be revealed. Now, we are planning to issue concession passes which would not hint at the pass bearer's disease. Soon, we will issue different passes.\"A Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society official said, \"More than 5,000 people with HIV/AIDS are availing the benefits of concession passes. But, recently we have received only one complaint about such identity disclosure. The conductor did not allow him to travel in the bus. After that, the conductor was suspended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17436812", "title": "Waste treatment plants in eight months: Minister", "text": "KANNUR: Urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali has said that waste disposal has become a major issue all over the state and the government would make all efforts to tackle the menace within months.\"We are in the process of building waste treatment plants in Kannur, and it would be completed within eight months,\" he said while inaugurating the 14th anniversary celebrations of the community development society (CDS) of the Kudumbasree unit of Kannur municipality at Navaneetham Auditorium here on Friday.Though a total of 24 tenders were received for making the plants in Kannur, only one met the qualifications, he said. He also said that the foundation stone for the plants would be laid by the end of December.He also said Kudumbasree is not the private property of any political leader or political party and it is the property of the state, and it has been developed without considering the political orientation of its workers.\"In Kerala, Kudumbasree has been developed with the aim of poverty alleviation and women empowerment. Both the aims were successfully achieved making it a role model of women empowerment all over the world,\" he said. \"A family becomes financially stable when the women start working,\" he added.\"Though Kudumbasree women were used earlier to fill the venues of public functions and processions, now they are the pillars that support the entire family,\" he said.The minister also assured that the government would provide a one-time fund to the municipalities for the maintenance of municipal roads, as many municipalities are facing financial crunch which in turn has affected the road repair works.Kannur municipal chairperson M C Sreeja presided over the function and A P Abdullakkutty, MLA delivered the keynote address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436272", "title": "Teen commits suicide", "text": "An 18-year-old college student allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his house in Madhavaram on Friday night. Yograj, who studied in a private college in the same locality, took the extreme step when he was alone at home, police said. He used a saree to hang himself from the ceiling fan in his room. Police said Yograj's mother knocked on the door to call him. When repeated knocks went unanswered, she peeped in through the window to find him hanging from the ceiling. Hearing her cry for help, neighbours rushed in and broke open the door.Police soon arrived at the spot and conducted preliminary investigations, which revealed that he could have taken the extreme step as he was upset with his fathers' demise a few years ago. Madhavaram police have registered a case", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434696", "title": "Now, journalist\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Facebook account hacked to post Thackeray images", "text": "MUMBAI: After a teenager was embroiled in a controversy over obscene comments being posted in a Facebook account against Raj Thackeray , another case of objectionable online content has emerged from Palghar.This time, an FB account used by a 39-year-old Palghar journalist has allegedly been hacked to upload objectionable images and abusive remarks against Bal Thackeray. The local Shiv Sena unit was aware of the matter but refrained from acting on it.Mohammed Hussain (39), who runs a fortnightly newspaper, realized on Thursday evening that the FB account he had opened in the paper's name had been hacked. He submitted a written complaint to the Palghar police early on Friday. The cops, however, were yet to register a case and were likely to forward the complaint to the Thane cyber crime cell. A CD containing the images was also handed over to the police.\"Someone told me about objectionable content being posted in my account,\" said Hussain, adding that he was unable to log in after that. The account was deleted on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434644", "title": "Fifth highest number of HIV patients treated in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat ranks fifth in the country in terms of people being treated for HIV, and also for the number of children being treated. It is also among the six states that together account for 41% of new HIV infections. A March 2012 report by National Aids Control Organisation (NACO) revealed that Surat and Ahmedabad are the two districts with the highest density of people undergoing anti-retroviral treatment (ART) and those detected as HIV positive.The data shows 1,012 patients were added to the HIV list in Gujarat as reported by government and NGO-run dispensaries. A total of 25,885 patients are undergoing ART in the state. Further, the number of children and adults undergoing ART doubled between January 2010 and 2012. Gujarat State Aids Control Society (GSACS) officials said this was because of increased surveillance and more nodal centres.Last year, Odisha, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu and Chandigarh showed an estimated adult HIV prevalence of 0.31%, which was greater than national figure of 0.27%. Manipur had the highest HIV prevalence of 1.22%, followed by Andhra Pradesh (0.75%), Mizoram (0.74%), Nagaland (0.73%), Karnataka (0.52%), Goa (0.43%) and Maharashtra (0.42%).GSACS figures show 5.85 lakh patients in the state were detected with sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), of which 1,012 patients were HIV positive.Umesh Oza, in-charge project director of AMC Aids Control Society (ACS) said, \"Our pre-natal intervention with women patients is proving fruitful. Of 23,582 mothers tested, 60 women tested positive for HIV. Of these we found 52 HIV positive deliveries.(With inputs from Sushmita Digar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436051", "title": "Anti-measles campaign to begin from Dec 3 in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government in collaboration with the Unicef is all set to launch the second phase of Measles Catch-Up Campaign in 22 districts of the state. The three-week campaign beginning from December 3 is aimed at vaccinating all children between nine months and less than 10 years.The campaign will be launched in western districts of UP which include Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut, Ghaziabad, Bulandshahr, Gautam Budh Nagar, Baghpat, Moradabad, Rampur, Bijnor, Kasganj, Aligarh, Etah, Kanshiram Nagar, Hathras, Bareilly, Badaun, Shahjahanpur and Pilibhit. The campaign will ensure that all children in the age-group of nine months to 10 years are given a second dose of measles vaccine. So far, children receive only one dose of measles vaccine in the age group of nine months to one year.Joint director, routine immunisation, directorate of family welfare, government of UP, AP Chaturvedi informed that the first week of the campaign will be spent in schools, while the second and third week will be spent in villages at fixed posts. He further added that only ANMs will act as vaccinators, as they are experienced. Each vaccination team will have three members, which will be headed by a supervisor. State health officials while giving details about the first phase of the campaign that took place in UP in December last said that 21,32,661 children of 22,86,257 identified were immunised. The campaign was carried out in three districts namely Ballia, Deoria and Ghazipur.Director general family welfare ST Husain informed that in the second phase of UP, the government targets 1.14 crore children. The third phase is likely to begin in February followed by fourth and fifth scheduled in March and April respectively. Adele Khudr from Unicef explained the importance of measles vaccines in reducing child mortality in Uttar Pradesh. She said that the reasons for non-vaccination among children include sickness of the child, unaware parents, fear of injection, and absence of vaccine at the site among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17433756", "title": "Srikanth fights his way into semis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Budding shuttler Srikanth of Andhra Pradesh had the best day on the tour when he smashed his way into the semifinals of a Grand Prix Gold event for the first time in his nascent career. The 19-year old fought back gallantly from the brink to pip Hong Kong's Nan Wei 16-21, 21-19, 21-19 at the Kumpoo Macau Open Grand Prix Gold on Friday.Though Srikanth had won the Maldives International Challenge in June, this is his career-best show as he had never progressed this far in an event of this stature.Down by a game, which he lost without troubling his opponent much, the youngster seemed to be facing a straight-game defeat when he was trailing 18-19 in the next game. But the youngster showed lot of gumption to come out trumps to win it 21-19. He faced similar situation (18-19) in the decider too, before sealing a 21-19 victory.Meanwhile, RMV Gurusaidutt faced little trouble as he dismissed another local lad Yan Kit Chan's challenge in just 34 minutes, with a 21-11, 21-14 demolition to enter the semifinals.In the semifinals on Saturday, Guru will face Chen Yueken of China, while Srikanth will meet the winner of the quarterfinal between Wing Ki Wong of Hong Kong and Huan Gao of China.The Indian challenge ended in doubles as Ashwini Ponnappa and her partners (Tarun Kona in mixed and Pradnya Gadre in women's doubles) lost in the quarterfinals.Results (QFs):Men's singles: K Srikanth bt Nan Wei (HK) 16-21, 21-19, 21-19; RMV Gurusaidutt bt Yan Kit Chan (Hk) 21-11, 21-14.Women's doubles: Komala Dewi/Jenna Gozali (Ina) bt Ashwini Ponnappa/Pradnya Gadre 21-16, 12-21, 21-15.Mixed: Tontowi Ahmad/Liliyana Natsir (Ina) bt Tarun Kona/Ashwini Ponnappa 21-9, 21-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434154", "title": "Congress, Trinamool Congress spar over dengue deaths", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress versus erstwhile ally Trinamool Congress war played out in the Lok Sabha on Friday, when a discussion on the rise in dengue cases in the country came up as part of a calling attention matter in the House.Speaking on the issue, TMC MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar claimed that West Bengal, where CM Mamata Banerjee herself holds the health portfolio, had reported the least number of dengue cases in the country and that there had been \"no cases of dengue deaths in the state\".In an attempt to take on the Congress-led UPA coalition, the Trinamool MP, who is also a medical doctor, said, \"No war has killed 216 people till mid-November which dengue has. ...These numbers have grown from 110 in 2010 and 169 in 2011.\" She also claimed, \"I would like to congratulate government of West Bengal where health minister in-charge is Mamata Banerjee. ...The least number of cases, 80, were reported and no deaths occurred because the government had taken serious steps... this is a recorded version of the government.\"CPM MP Ramchandra Dom from Bengal, also a medical doctor himself, immediately sprung up to refute Ghosh Dastidar's claim and said that dengue deaths were reported from the state. Dom pointed out that, \"...government of West Bengal figures show 2,033 cases of dengue and the death toll is 7.\"Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad too countered the Trinamool MP's claim, and cited nine dengue deaths in Bengal while quoting from \"state government's figures\".The minister said the spread of dengue infection has \"shown an increase in recent years due to various man-made and environmental factors leading to proliferation of Aedes mosquito breeding sites, both in urban and rural areas\".Members of the BJP, TDP, CPM, Trinamool and Samajwadi Party took the UPA to task for \"under-reporting\" cases of deaths due to dengue and fudging figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434239", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust section officer in anti-corruption bureau net", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman section officer of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) landed in a trap laid by the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) while accepting bribe of Rs 2,000 at her office on Friday. Anita Deoghare had been harassing the complainant by not clearing the return of the deposit submitted to NIT for holding an exhibition on agency's land.Salim Khan had deposited Rs 69,527 as caution money for organizing an exhibition on NIT's land. He was supposed to get a return of Rs 65,740. After the exhibition was over Khan, submitted his claim before Deoghare in September. The tainted section officer started delaying the process for monetary favour and demanded Rs 2,000 to ensure a speedy disposal of Khan's claim.An aggrieved Khan approached the ACB who laid a trap at the NIT office. A search at Deoghare's residence in Godhani is on. Deoghare's son works in a bank in Mumbai.She would be produced before the court on Saturday.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17436933", "title": "Babus, cops pin hopes on CM to intervene in Shivaji Park impasse", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the BMC chief wrote to the police commissioner, drawing attention to the persistence of a makeshift memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park, Shiv Sena leaders indicated that they will stick to their demand for a commemorative structure at the iconic maidan. In a flux, senior bureaucrats and police officers said they will soon implore chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to persuade Uddhav Thackeray to remove the temporary structure \"as early as possible\".BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte wrote letters to Mumbai police chief Satyapal Singh and state chief secretary J K Banthia on Thursday\u00e2\u20ac\u201da few days ahead of Dr BR Ambedkar's death anniversary on December 6, when 10 lakh Dalits are expected to converge at Shivaji Park. City administrators, it is learned, fear that even the smallest of confrontations between the pilgrims and the Sainiks guarding the edifice at the Park could flare up into a law-and-order problem.Republican Party of India (RPI-A ) chief Ramdas Athavale tried to put those concerns to rest. In a statement that Sena organ Saamna front-paged on Friday, Athavale said his party was in favour of a Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park. He urged Dalits to visit the makeshift edifice on December 6 to pay tribute to the late Sena supremo.\"This is Sena and RPI's astute move to retain the edifice in an bid to turn it into a permanent memorial,\" said a Congress functionary from Dadar. The RPI-A is a partner in the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance. A senior Sena functionary said: \"We want the Balasaheb memorial to be set up at Shivaji Park. We will not settle for any other site. The Park is an integral part of Sena's history. The party was born there.\"Matoshree, all this while, has taken measured steps on the issue. Partymen have been asked to guard the makeshift edifice built at the spot where Bal Thackeray's funeral pyre was set up. Soon after Shivaji Park residents voiced concern about a Thackeray memorial coming up at the Park, Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray said there was no need to create a stir. He urged the memorial's detractors to help Sainiks retain patience. \"The matter will be decided by Shiv Sainiks,\" he said.Sena was given permission under special provisions of the BMC Act to use Shivaji Park for a day so that it could hold Bal Thackeray's cremation there.In view of the thorny situation, Kunte recently had a meeting with Banthia and additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan. \"The bureaucracy and police top brass have expressed their view (on the makeshift edifice). Now it is up to Chavan to take a decision. Senior officials and policemen are expected to brief the CM in a day or two,\" said a senior civil servant.Govt nod, for a dayOn November 17, mayor Sunil Prabhu and Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut applied for special permission to cremate party chief Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park Considering that a law and order problem may arise if permission was not granted, the BMC, after a marathon meeting with the CM, granted special permission for the cremation on November 18. The BMC expected that since the permission was granted for a specific purpose, the Shiv Sena would remove the temporary structure on its own after the cremation, in three to five days.The scene, 13 days laterThe day after the cremation, the Shiv Sena demanded construction of a Thackeray memorial at the spot where he was cremated, at Shivaji Park It turned the makeshift stage in a corner of Shivaji Park, near the Chhatrapati Shivaji statue, into a virtual memorial Thackeray's body had initially been kept on a wooden stage at a nearby spot, to enable several dignitaries to pay homage.A huge photo of Bal Thackeray has been kept on the makeshift edifice which has been elaborately decorated, along with several banners Bhajans are sung and flowers offered at the site daily by people who come to visit the place At least four Shiv Sena workers attend to the stage at any given time, working in shifts Halogen lights have been put up around the stage.Sena's fait accompli?Sainiks were asked to guard the makeshift edifice built for the funeral pyre. Analysts say that the Sena gameplan is to continue with paraphernalia at the site and thus serve the government with a fait accompli. RPI support for allyRPI chief Ramdas Athavle emphasized support for a Shivaji Park memorial and exhorted Dalits to pay tribute to Thackeray at the park on December 6, when they come to pay homage to Dr Ambedkar. Shivaji park in the coastal regulatory zoneThe Shivaji Park area falls under CRZ-3. Therefore, under the CRZ norms, no temporary or permanent structure can come up at the ground. Any such structure is in violation of provisions of section 3 of the Environment Protection Act, 1986, hence its violation is an offence under the said Act.A petition to the coastal authority", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17435801", "title": "Anandita Dasgupta cremated with full honours", "text": "JODHPUR: Squadron leader Anandita Dasgupta, who had committed suicide, was cremated on Friday here in the presence of her family members, colleagues and air force officials. Before the cremation, Dasgupta was extended a guard of honour by the Air Force.The investigation into the suicide picked up momentum after the funeral. All angles that might have led Dasgupta took such an extreme step are taken into consideration. It included interrogation of her husband, who allegedly had told police that his wife had cheated her.It is being alleged that her husband was not happy over the use social networking site Facebook by his wife and on the fateful night it was this issue which had triggered an argument between them late at night. The argument started soon husband arrived home after his duty and Dasgupta after attending a party.Investigators are now looking whether it was a trivial matter of Facebook addiction which promoted an air force official of the rank of a squadron leader to take such an extreme step or was it something deeper and yet to be unearthed. The investigators are, however, tightlipped about the probe ant its progress.According to victim's father Gautam Dasgupta, there was nothing wrong with the couple and both were happy with each other. She had also spoken to her father during the party on the fateful night and was quite cool.Experts, in the meantime, said the word \"cheating\" have two possibilities. One is that use of any social website is prohibited in all the three armed forces and her husband might be afraid of her being caught some day using the site without his notice and the other possibility may be that she might have befriended with someone on the site, which her husband might have taken offence.The IAF extended the full military honour to Dasgupta even though it was a case of unnatural death. The Army, however, does not have such practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436811", "title": "Operators ask Centre to ensure pan India fibre optic network", "text": "COIMBATORE: Responding to the growing concern among the public over increasing number of mobile towers in crowded residential areas, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) made it clear that the association would reduce the number of towers once the Union government ensures a solid fibre optic network across the country.Talking to TOI on the sidelines of the 8th International Telemedicine Conference, being held in Coimbatore, COAI associate director general, Vikram Tiwathia said fibre optic cables are more efficient and robus medium for ensuring connectivity. \"It will be a win-win situation for all if the state and central governments ensure full connectivity across the country. We can do away with mobile towers. Presently, a bulk of our back office transmissions takes place on fibre optic networks,\" he said.Allaying fears among public that mobile radiations were hazardous to health and are a possible cause for cancer, Tiwathia said that while the Electro Magnetic Fields (EMF) emitted by TV transmitters and radio transmitters were as high as 10,000 to 20,000 watts, EMF radiated by mobile phones were as low as 2-watts.Commenting on the recent rupture in communication faced by Airtel and Aircell consumers, COAI associate director added that the situation arose due to the rise in anonymous SMSes and telemarketing calls. \"Some larger networks require a termination fee whenever the service provider receives a marketing message or phone call. This is not acceptable to smaller networks that do not have deep pockets. But, the issue can be sorted among networks amicably,\" he said.He also pointed out that the role of mobile could increase over the coming years if government decides taps the potential that connectivity provided. \"While the number of people having a bank account in India is around 200 million, the number of mobile owners exceeds 800 million. If the government decides to promote commerce via mobile phones as done in smaller countries such as Indonesia and Kenya, we could see a revolution,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436949", "title": "Life term for Kannadi Shaji killers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four people who were found guilty in the Kannadi Shaji murder case on Friday were awarded life imprisonments. The first and second accused, Ambalamukku Krishnakumar and Sanish, will have to serve the imprisonment for 20 years with a rider -- without parole or remission. The other two accused, Jayalal and Syam, were also given life sentences. Principal sessions judge B Sudheendrakumar also slapped a penalty of Rs 25,000 each, a default in payment of which would add two more years of imprisonment to the sentence.The prosecution had argued before the court that the accused deserved nothing less than capital punishment owing to the brutality of the crime. The time and place chosen by the accused to commit the murder indicates that they did not fear the judiciary and the law enforcement system. Shaji was hacked to death in a cold-blooded manner at Kowdiar, which was less than 1 km away from the Peroorkada police station. The judge awarded them life sentence as the case did not fall in the category of rarest of the rare. However, he ordered that the two prime accused must not be granted a parole or remission for the first 20 years of the sentence. The sentence is close in line with a Supreme Court verdict in 2008, in which 63-year-old Murali Manohar Mishra alias Swami Sraddananda was awarded life term with a rider after the apex court found him guilty of murdering his wife for monetary benefits. In that case, the court had observed that the case just fell short of rarest of rarest category that warranted death penalty.The counsel of the convicts pleaded to minimize the punishment as the victim too was a gagster. But the prosecution argued against it and cited that no one had the authority to kill a person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436158", "title": "KYC deadlines for multiple gas to be extended till December 31", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 60% of the people who have multiple gas cylinder connections in the state had submitted their Know Your Customer (KYC) forms by Friday, the last day to turn in the document, but oil company sources said the deadline for submission of forms will be extended to the end of the year because of the poor response from consumers.A senior oil company official said the deadline will be extended. \"Many consumers surrendered their additional cyli- nders to dealers. We were unable to get the KYC forms from all the multiple connection holders that we identified. So we will be extending the deadline to December 31.\"Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) dealers are collecting the forms to eliminate multiple connections to the same address following the Centre's decision to cap supply of subsidised LPG to six cylinders per household per year. Initially, oil companies had asked dealers to collect and verify the forms by October 15. The deadline was extended to October 31, to November 15, and then to November 30.Sources said there are nearly 20 lakh duplicate connections among the 91 lakh connections in the state. Many distributors said they received complaints especially from customers who live on different floors of the same house.All India Indane Distributors' Association president A Ramachandran said customers had come to his office to fill the forms. \"Only multiple gas connection holders have to submit these KYC forms. But many people with just one connection are also approaching us.\"Some distributors said the process of verifying the KYC forms was time consuming. \"We are short of delivery boys, and now we have to send representatives to houses to verify the information in the KYC forms. The oil companies have not given us guidelines about dealing with multiple connection holders who are not willing to submit the form,\" said an Indane distributer in Anna Salai.The names of consumers with multiple connections are on the websites of the respective oil companies and with distributors. Details are on www.indane.co.in, www.ebharatgas.com,and www.hindustanpetroleum.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436738", "title": "Jagadish Shettar to visit Dakshina Kannada district", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will undertake a half-day visit of Dakshina Kannada district on Sunday. The chief minister will leave from Shimoga at 1.15pm by a helicopter and reach Mary Hill helipad here at 2pm. At 2.45pm, he will visit Vikas College and later inaugurate the first stage of four-lane road to Mangalore International Airport at 3pm.At 3.30pm, CM will inaugurate the micro bio-gas electricity plant at Urwa Market. After a brief halt at the circuit house, CM will leave for Kalladka in Bantwal taluk where he will participate in the sports meet organized by Sri Rama Vidya Kendra at 5pm. He will reach Mangalore airport and leave for Bangalore at 7.45pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435408", "title": "Builder told to hand over flats, pay Rs 7 lakh to man", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ruled in favour of a man who had dragged a builder to court for not giving him possession of the two flats he had booked in 2006.M/s Rockline Constructions Company has been directed to handover the flats at Millat Nagar in Andheri (W) to Yusuf Ismail Agwan and pay him around Rs 7.2 lakh as compensation towards interest on the booking amount, mental agony caused and the cost of the complaints.In February 2006, Agwan booked two flats, each measuring 769 sq ft in carpet area. Each flat was to cost Rs 42 lakh. Agwan paid Rs 13 lakh by cheque as 15% payment for each of the flats and received allotment letters four months later.In the complaint filed in 2010, Agwan alleged that though the construction was progressing very slowly, he believed in the builder's reputation. He was told that he would have to pay the installments as per the levels of construction. However, Agwan received no such intimation. In February 2008, he received a letter stating that the construction had stopped because of legal problems. Agwan was then given the choice to collect the amount paid by him, together with statutory interest. But Agwan decided to continue with the project and waited for the builder to complete the construction. When the builder did not do so, he repeatedly contacted Rockline. The builder then sent him a letter, stating he had no legal rights.Aggrieved, Agwan filed two complaints in the commission.The builder contended that Agwan had not made further payments. Rockline also submitted that it had cancelled the booking in February 2008 and told Agwan to take back the amount, but he did not do so and filed false and frivolous complaints to extract money.Agwan submitted the allotment letter and some other documents. The commission held the letter sent to Agwan was not a cancellation letter but an option to either continue with the project or withdraw by taking back his money. The commission said there was a clear-cut case of deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17436617", "title": "Democracy is a powerful instrument: Dalai Lama", "text": "KARWAR: Tibetans all over the world are politically and culturally facing difficult times. They must follow the path taught by Gautam Buddha, said Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama.He was speaking at a congregation of the Buddhist monks at Tibetan Colony in Mundgod in Uttara Kannada district on Thursday. The Dalai Lama who arrived at Mundgod from Goa will stay there for 14 days from Thursday. He said that the Drepung Loseling Monastic University Centre for Buddhist Studies in Mundgod is looked upon as the modern Nalanda University by the Buddhist community in the world. The 65th anniversary of this monastery, set up by the 5th Dalai Lama, is still drawing crores of Buddhists for spiritual solace, he said.Commenting on the political situation in Tibet, he said Tibetans were still facing difficulties in their own land. He recalled that at the age of 16, he had taken up the political responsibility of the Tibetan community who were exiled from their own land. He had handed over the responsibility to the Tibetan government-in-exile last August to carry on the political fight and he would spread the spiritual message across the globe from now onwards. Democracy is a powerful weapon. So Tibetans are striving for democracy in their country as well as in the rest of the world, he said.The Dalai Lama said that biologically human beings are equipped with love and compassion. It is these values he is trying to spread in the society, he said.Recalling his meeting with the Hindu spiritual leaders and the Bishops in India, he said that all religions spread the same cause like love and peace. Recalling his meeting with Shri Shivakumara Swamiji of Siddaganga Mutt in Tumkur, the Dalai Lama said that he was inspired by the Swamiji. ``I wish I could have a long life like the Swamiji to serve the society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434707", "title": "Donkeys to be put on garbage duty in narrow Worli lane", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's richest civic agency, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), has decided to hire donkeys to transport debris from a narrow lane in Worli as cleaning vehicles cannot enter the lane.This decision was taken by mayor Sunil Prabhu after repeated complaints by a Shiv Sena corporator, Hemangi Worlikar, from Worli Koliwada. Worlikar has repeatedly complained that the civic body has not lifted debris and silt from Mithi river, which has been dumped in a corner of Worli Koliwada, citing the excuse of a narrow access road to the spot where the debris lies.\"Since excavators can't enter the spot as the road is narrow, we have decided to hire donkeys on whom bags full of debris can be loaded and taken to the garbage dumper,\" Prabhu said.The mayor has directed the ward office to clean the area in a week's time. Ward officers have estimated needing at least 8-10 donkeys to clear the dumped garbage.Civic officials say that such an exercise, of hiring donkeys to clean garbage in narrow lanes and inaccessible house gullies, was used in south Mumbai in the 1990s. A similar exercise was also conducted in the P-north ward, (Malad) a few years ago.Worlikar said that the spot has over 500 truckloads of garbage, dumped by developers and private entities, at the location. She added that the residents in the area have been living with the stench and unhygienic conditions for the last one year.\"The ward office gave excuses like JCBs cannot enter the area, and if they did manage to get in, they could get stuck. BMC staff never offered solutions on cleaning the area,\" said Worlikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435299", "title": "IIT-Bombay to power up Aakash-2 tablets for Indian classrooms", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid the unending debate over whether Aakash-2 was made in China, Canada or India, the tablet's first consignment sent to the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay is ready to be powered with stacks of applications for Indian classrooms. The government has bought the first batch of 10,000 shoe-size Aakash-2 tablets, each costing $40 (2,200).Since 2000, the government has been trying to change the stationery in the country's classrooms. It started with the $10 (550)computing device launched in Tirupati in 2009. Then came the $35 (1,925.20) Aakash-1 device that was touted to be India's iPad killer (Aakash was originally called Sakshaat\u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'right in front of you') or it's bigger globally-created brother, launched at the UN yesterday.As a part of that exercise to \"revolutionize education\", A-2 will not be sold in the market. Instead, close to 20,000 engineering students will be given A-2 to build a fuller machine for the higher versions of Aakash. Head of Kanwal Rekhi School of Information Technology at IIT-Bombay, Deepak Phatak, is piloting this project with 11,000 teachers and 20,000 students.Meanwhile, IIT-Madras's professor Ashok Jhunjhunwala, who is developing Aakash-3, says the upcoming gadget will be remarkably different. For one, it will have multiple manufacturers with a larger distribution system as the order will be a lot bigger. \"There will be larger accountability, and repair workshops in various parts of the country so that a student does not have to post it back to the manufacturer. We'll develop a product that is more mature, rugged and reliable.\" He adds that when A-3 is out \"in a few months\", an eco system of applications will be ready, new teaching methods and learning methodologies would have been developed and deals inked with content developers.Phatak, whose dream is \"to see a resurgent India catching up with the world using IT\", is in charge after IIT-Jodhpur director Prem Kumar Kalra was pulled off it. \"Thousands of apps will be developed on Aakash-2. I wish to clarify that Aakash-2 is a pilot we undertook to develop apps; the government has paid for them in toto.\" The applications and the content, which promise to alter the topography of education in India, will be 100 % Indian.\"It's the human contribution that a lot of people are going to make that'll lead to change in education.\" Teaching methods in schools, medical schools, will change.Made in India, China or Canada?While parts of Aakash came from China and Canada, as confessed by Datawind CEO Suneet Singh Tuli, faculty members from engineering colleges say that India does not make components for tablets and most complex machines are of global make.Former director of IIT-Delhi PV Indiresan says, \"We don't make any parts in India and almost all of it comes from elsewhere.\" He feels that if the digital divide is bridged, most problems set in India's education system will have an answer. \"A computing device is going to be an important tool.\"C Amarnath, who heads SINE, the Innova8tion, Entrepreneurship and Incubation Centre at IIT-Bombay, points out that Ganesha idols come from China today too. \"If you bring in sentiments into business, it won't work.Today, even Japan sources a lot from China.\" Similar sentiments are echoed by IIT-B director Devang Khakhar, who says that the crux of the matter was that the tablet was relevant to engineering students. \"A lot of parts of the tablet have come from across the globe and assembled here. That is the case with most products today.\"Packed with many more featuresAakash-2 is packed with many more features than its previous edition. For one, a click allows a teacher to conduct an instant quiz in the class. A professor can post a question and students need to answer the same on their tablet.The data is collated within seconds and it allows the teacher to find out who got it right and who did not follow what was taught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438761", "title": "Kumki gearing up fast", "text": "'Kumki' marks the debut of Vikram Prabhu, son of Prabhu and grandson of Sivaji Ganesan and is about a mahout and his trained kumki elephant. The first copy is ready and the producer N. Lingusamy of Thirupathi Brothers banner will be submitting the movie for the censor certification on coming Monday or Tuesday.The makers have also got 'No objection' certificate from the animal welfare association, as they have used an Elephant in the film. After making super hits like Paiyaa , Vettai and Vazhakku Enn 18/9 , Thirrupathi Brothers is all set with their next highly anticipated film Kumki.Prabhu Solomon of Myna fame has wielded the megaphone for Kumki casting Lakshmi Menon as Vikram Prabhu's love interest. Also Solomon and D.Imman are coming together for Kumki after their sensational musical hit Mynaa.Kumki is all set to be released on Dec 14th along with Gautham Menon's ' Neethaane En Ponvasantham ' starring Jiiva and Samantha. Currently Vikram Prabhu is busy in the sets of Saravanan directing Ivan Veramaathiri and Gayatri is his female lead in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17436029", "title": "Notice to 38 units for using forest land", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar forest department has issued notices to around 38 institutions and petrol pumps located along the GT Road and Dadri-Aligarh road directing them to seek post facto sanctions for using portions of designated forest areas for non-forest activities.Forest department officials said notices to seek sanctions have been issued in accordance with the Forest Conservation Act, 1980 which prohibits encroachment upon designated forest land.\"Patches of forest land are being used for non-forest purposes without obtaining clearance from the central government. The defaulters will also have to pay for compensatory forestation,\" said B Prabhakar, district forest officer, Gautam Budh Nagar.Apart from clearance from the forest department, the defaulters have also been directed to pay the present value of the land to the state government and funds towards compensatory forestation to the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority.\"The state forest department would use the funds thereof for plantation drives or for developing infrastructure for the department,\" added Prabhakar.According to the forest department, land on either side of the highways is designated forest areas and belong to the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436020", "title": "CM likely to release new industrial policy on December 7", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Friday cleared the way for enforcing the new Infrastructure and Industrial Investment Policy 2012, by issuing the last of the government orders related to the policy. Earlier, chief secretary Jawed Usmani has issued a deadline of October 25 for bringing into effect the said policy.With nearly 60 orders related to IIIP 2012 to be issued, Usmani had directed the department of industries to append a booklet of GOs along with the policy before circulating it among industry members. On Friday, the final roadblock in implementing the IIIP 2012 was cleared after the government issued the last set of the GOs relating to Mandi Parishad. Speaking to TOI, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta said, \"Another GO pertaining to trade tax has already been sent to the chief minister's office for clearance, while one, relating to the extent of subsidies for businesses investing between Rs 200 crore and Rs 500 crore will also be issued on Friday.After a formal ratification from the CM's office, IIIP 2012 will be ready for publication and dissemination.\" He added that the chief minister will formally release the policy, around December 7, once the final approval is sanctioned by early next week.Earlier, the delay in issuance of government orders was attributed to legal complications in issuing fiscal GOs. However, Gupta said all GOs with financial implications have been cleared. The booklet containing all orders relating to the industrial policy is also expected to be published by early next week.For implementing the policy in its entirety, about 25 departments of the state government had to issue as many as 60 GOs. In a crucial departure from previous years, Usmani had earlier directed officers to issue all GOs, notifications as well as amendments in Acts,Rules and Regulations concerning industries in the state to be published in a separate booklet and made available to entrepreneurs as part of the new IIIP.In the industrial policy's previous avatar, effected during the Mayawati regime, though the policy was announced, many orders relating to the policy were never passed. This resulted in complaints from entrepreneurs that only some parts of the policy were being implemented. This time, with Usmani laying emphasis on facilitating the implementation process, entrepreneurs are expected to be a happier lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17435703", "title": "Trinamool councillors 'manhandle' Tamalika", "text": "HALDIA: Chaos ruled Haldia Municipality on Friday after a heated exchange of words between municipality chairperson Tamalika Panda Seth and some Trinamool councillors. Seth alleged that she was also manhandled by the women councillors of Trinamool.Sources said a board meeting was scheduled on Friday. Trouble started after the Trinamool councillors stormed into Seth's room around 1pm and asked her to call off the meeting. They alleged that ever since the CPM came to power in the municipality, it has been filled with corruption and the CPM-ruled board was encouraging the malpractices. The Trinamool councillors also demanded that Seth scrap all five board meetings that were held earlier.The altercation continued for over 40 minutes and Seth alleged that she was manhandled after she refused to give in to the demands of the Trinamool councillors. Later, when the resolution papers were placed in the meeting, the Trinamool councillors allegedly tore up the papers that triggered a scuffle between Trinamool and CPM councillors.The chairperson, however, passed the resolution by a majority of the CPM's 15 councillors against Trinamool's 11 councillors. This further angered the latter and they carried on with their agitation in front of the chairperson and the vice-chairperson's office. Seth rubbished the corruption charge and said it was people's vote that brought them to power.Ruckus occurred at Haldia municipality on Friday as an altercation occurred between the CPM and Trinamool councillors that led to a scuffle. Municipality chairperson Tamalika Panda Seth was heckled by some of the Trinamool women councillors.The municipality board meeting was scheduled on Friday.Trouble started after the Trinamool councillors entered at Seth's room before the meeting on 1pm and asked her to cancel the board meeting. They complained that since the CPM came in power last year in the municipality, it has become full with corruption and that the CPM ruled board was indulging this corruption. The Trinamool councillors also demanded to announce all the previously held five board meetings as scrapped.After an altercation with Seth for about 40 minutes, the chairperson alleged that she was hekcled in the room by the Trinamool councillors. She went on requested them to at least come to the board meeting but they did not accept.Seth then went to the conference room to hold the board meeting as the Trinamool councillors also entered. As the resolution papers were placed, the Trinamool councillors tear off the papers and a scuffle occurred between the CPM and Trinamool councillors inside the conference room. The chairperson however passed the resolution by a majority of the CPM's 15 councillors against the Trinamool's 11 councillors. The Trinamool councillors went on agitating infront of the chairperson and vice chairperson's rooms.Seth later said that they had come to power by the peoples vote. The Trinamool councillors went on alleging that the municipality had become full of corruption from the previous boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434496", "title": "Tourism department may resurvey beach lands", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department said it is likely to initiate a re-survey of land on beaches alleging that private land owners have been shifting their boundary stones towards the sea and encroaching on its land.Speaking to TOI, tourism director Nikhil Desai said that the re-survey of land on beaches was necessitated after Monday's incident where a private land owner shifted his boundary stone towards the seashore and encroached on government land to erect his private shack.The shack was demolished by the tourism department, but the incident saw intervention by local MLA Michael Lobo and Calangute panch member Joseph Sequeira.\"It has come to our notice that private land owners have encroached on government land by shifting their boundary stones on many beach stretches in Bardez and Salcete. These are the beach stretches between Baga and Sinquerim in the north and Colva, Benaulim Cavelossim etc in the south,\" said Desai.\"These incidents are mainly in areas where the commercial value of land is high. This has prompted us to think about going in for a re-survey of land on these beach stretches,\" the tourism director said.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, however, said that the exercise would prove futile. \"People living on the coast have already lost land to the government in the 1970s. I'm sure someone will challenge the government's re-survey with the cadastral plans which are still in use. Instead of focusing its attention on the locals, the tourism department should start focusing on planning and infrastructure. Calangute beach is yet to be given its toilets as promised by the government. Instead, almost 20,000 people are urinating on the beach everyday,\" he said.\"Erosion of the beach has been continuous. A major portion of the land taken away by the government in 1971 has been eroded, and the government only intends to come inland and get more land from the locals into its possession. The government is encroaching on people's land,\" the Calangute MLA said.John Lobo, general secretary, Shack owners welfare society - Goa, said that his family lost almost 30-35m of land at Baga to the government in the 1970s. \"As per the cadastral plan, the boundary of our land was the Arabian Sea. The Indian government does not recognize it and in 1971, it took away the portions of our land touching the seashore. Landowners here lost an average of 20-30m of their land. It was not acquired but forcibly taken away. People are yet to receive compensation till today,\" he said.\"The National Institute of Oceanography has also put up red markers on the beach. The tourism department has used these markers according to its convenience for land survey instead of the yellow markers put up by the land survey department. If it does this again, I will lose another 15m of our land. We demand the old cadastral plans be resused,\" Lobo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434757", "title": "'Permit resumption of mining operations'", "text": "PANAJI: Asserting that the government is serious and committed in combating the ills in mining, the Goa government in an letter to the Supreme Court's Central Empowered Committee (CEC), said the state should be permitted to resume mining operations on a case-to-case basis under strict monitoring by the high powered committee it has constituted to look into irregularities pointed out by the public accounts committee (PAC) and Shah commission.The government said mining should be permitted, and CEC recommendations made for resumption of mining in Karnataka and that suit and meet the peculiar requirement of Goa be implemented. The letter also pointed out that the state had decided to opt for most of these recommendations before the CEC report came into public domain.\"The state would rather forego the revenue that accrues from mining, however, it is afraid of a serious threat of social and political unrest, which the state is in no position to afford. It is the fear of deprivation of lakhs of families that the state is worried about while it seeks resumption of legal mining lest it is delayed abnormally for lack of faith and trust in the administrative ability of the state government to usher in on its own and without intervention a sustainable, efficient, ecology and environment friendly, accountable and responsive mining operation,\" the letter stated.\"State government is willing to submit its acts for scrutiny by any agency the apex court may decide to appoint or designate,\" chief secretary B Vijayan said in the letter, a copy of which is with TOI.The government further said that it is committed not to permit resumption of mining in Goa, even if it is approved by the CEC and the Supreme Court, till such time as the findings of PAC and Shah commission report are adequately remedied and dealt with in accordance with law and an effective regulatory mechanism as envisaged in the draft mining policy is fully in place.The letter further stated, \"The state government that has been given to manage the state and regulate and ensure sustainable mining in the larger interest of the people of Goa, shall submit its response by filling a separate affidavit to apprise the apex court of its intention and sincerity and assure them that the state government is committed and capable on its own to effectively handle sustainable, scientific and environment friendly mining in the state without any intervention and urge the court to let the present state government that has received an unprecedented mandate, to discharge it constitutional obligation without any interference by any other agency as any such attempt casts serious doubts on the integrity, credibility, commitment and ability to handle the affairs of the state independently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434722", "title": "Prisoner's release caught in Supreme Court order", "text": "PANAJI: The state government is studying whether a recent Supreme Court judgment has any bearing on its decision to remit the sentences of 11 convicts serving life imprisonment in Goa. The cabinet will decide whether or not to release the prisoners, sources said.On October 26, 2012, the state sentence review board headed by the chief secretary and comprising the law secretary, collector, inspector general of prisons (IGP) and others decided to remit the life sentences of 11 prisoners as part of the Goa golden jubilee celebrations and to release them from jail.Government sources opined that the Supreme Court judgment may not impact the Goa government decision because the sentence review board had taken its decision in October, while the Supreme Court judgment came in November. Also, the 11 convicts have already served more than 14 years in jail, sources said.As per the government proposal, some of the 400-plus sentence-serving inmates at Goa's two prisons-Aguada's central jail and Vasco's Sada sub-jail-could benefit.The IGP had proposed that the government consider the release of prisoners who have completed 14 years of their sentence in jail and recommended remission of a maximum of two years for prisoners who have completed 50% of their sentence.The government is considering releasing around 50 prisoners in view of the golden jubilee celebrations. IG prisons submitted the proposal where four categories of prisoners, cold be considered for release.\"Prisoners convicted for five to 10 years and who have under gone 50% of their sentence should be considered for maximum remission up to two years,\" the proposal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17434503", "title": "Goa Shipyard Ltd's skill development project launched", "text": "In an effort to impart employability skill among the unemployed youth and school dropouts, a Skill Development Programme as a CSR project of Goa Shipyard Ltd, was launched at Institute of Ship Building Technology, Vasco on November 27. the Society for Industrial &amp; Technical Education of Goa (SITEG) is the executing partner of the project. The launching of the programme coincided with the commencement of the first batch of training in welding technology. The project is aimed at providing training in welding to the youth, honing their skills and preparing them for Industry and as tradesmen in ship building, fabrication and ship repairs in particular. On completion of the training, students will be awarded certificates by the classification society.House gutted in blaze at Ponda: A house was gutted in a fire which broke out due to a oil lamp which was lit before religious idols at Velap-Kapileshwari in Ponda taluka on Friday evening. The fire also led to a LPG cylinder blast. Ponda fire station official Shailesh Gaude revealed that nobody was present in the house after the owner Shobhavati Naik lit the lamp and had gone out of the house. Suddenly she and some neighbours found fumes and flames coming out of the house. Neighbour Shankar Naik, 20, who ran to douse the fire, fainted when the cylinder exploded. He was later taken to Ponda health center and discharged after primary treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435485", "title": "One more cop held for planting evidence against builder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thane anti-corruption bureau on Friday arrested one more policeman, Pandarinath Kadam, for fabricating evidence against a builder by planting a revolver in his office. The ACB had earlier arrested constable Tulsiram Pawse and assistant sub- inspector Prabhakar Borate.The three, attached to the Kalyan crime branch, have been remanded in police custody till December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436004", "title": "Sanatoriums at Deolali Camp under scanner", "text": "NASHIK: Deolali Camp's century old sanatoriums are synonymous with the town, but they are now under the police scanner in view of the security concerns in Nashik city as well of the Army base at Deolali Camp.On the directives given by Nashik police commissioner K K Sarangal, the Deolali Camp police recently sent letters to all the operational sanatoriums across Deolali Camp to maintain a register of guests coming to them for brief stays.Officials from the Deolali Camp police informed there are 16 sanatoriums operational in the city. However, in most cases, the bookings were done from Mumbai. Even though, the sanatoriums are for people of different communities and they entertain guests of their respective communities, who are well acquainted with them, a certain level of risk is always involved, they added.Against this backdrop, the police have asked the local managers of the concerned sanatoriums to ensure that they maintain a detailed record of the guests, like their names, photo identification, the duration of their stay and the reason for which they are here.Officials informed that the rule from the perspective of the police to sanatoriums is similar to that for hotels. Almost all sanatoriums see very scanty occupation throughout the year with the exception of vacations like Diwali, Christmas and summers. The general trend is that people come along with their families and not alone and are mainly from Mumbai.Deolali Camp police said that while they were conducting inspection of the sanatoriums routinely, after the commissioner's visit, they have given it more emphasis.With many important departments and a base of the Indian Army, the security in and around Deolali Camp becomes crucial.Incidentally, LeT member Sheikh Lalbaba Farid, alias Bilal, who was arrested from the Satpur area in Nashik in September 2010 had reportedly done a survey of the Deolali Camp area, apart from that of the Maharashtra Police Academy and the Police Commissioner Office on Sharanpur Road, among other important locations in Nashik.With many important departments and a base of the Indian Army, the security in Deolali Camp has become crucial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17436956", "title": "Drama over transfer of 5 passport staff", "text": "TRICHY: Following the internal transfer of five passport staff as a mark of disciplinary action on account of irregularities, a group of employees on Friday staged a sit-in agitation in Passport Seva Kendras (PSK) in Trichy and Thanjavur against the Regional Passport Officer who they claim abused some of them.The PSKs in Trichy and Thanjavur come under the jurisdiction of the RPO, which covers eight districts in the region. According to passport office sources, P Kamaraj, T Mahamuni, Vishaka Sharma and Periyasamy were internally transferred in September from Thanjavur passport office to Trichy and posted in other sections. The action was taken by RPO K Balamurugam based on reports that they deliberately made applicants run from pillar to post to vex them so that they would approach brokers to get their things done. As the brokers would process their applications through the staff, the latter stand to gain financially. In another case, A Sridhar, a staff in Trichy passport office, was internally transferred in October to a record keeping section for making original laminations on old, damaged and fake passports. The original lamination on the passport has a lot of security features.RPO Balamurugan told TOI that, \"Since Trichy is a sensitive zone, we are more cautious in issuing passports. However, reliable information revealed that our staff were working in cahoots with brokers to issue fake passports. So, I have issued memo to the five staff against their illegal activities and transferred them internally as disciplinary action. Even though their activities are tantamount to terrorism, we did not have concrete proof to take stringent legal action like arrest. Moreover, I wanted to prevent the illegal activities immediately. So, I have only transferred them.\"At this juncture, a rumour was rife that Balamurugan abused some women passport applicants over phone. Meanwhile, the external affairs ministry recently transferred four other staff from Trichy office to other places for official reasons. However, members of the All India Passport Employees Association (AIPEA) on Tuesday raised the issue and met Balamurugan to take steps to stop the transfers of staff.P Kamaraj, a staff said, \"When a group of staff met Balamurugan regarding the transfers of five staff by the ministry, he verbally abused us saying we spread the rumour against him. So, we staged a sit-in strike to demand his transfer.\"However, Balamurugan said, \"I warned them not to indulge in illegal activities like spreading rumours, but I never abused them verbally. They were hell bent on revenge for the transfer of the five staff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434546", "title": "Iffi peps filmmakers' confidence: Experts", "text": "PANAJI: One of the critical contributions that the 43rd edition of the International film festival of India (Iffi), which concluded on Friday, has made, is to enhance the confidence level of Indian filmmakers at multiple levels.According to experts, digital technology has reduced the cost of production by 40%-50% and opened up the possibility of filmmaking to a greater number of people.Even acclaimed film directors like Mira Nair said that the new technology was a liberating experience, in that it released the film medium from the shackles of capital.Another factor that peps up the confidence of Indian filmmakers is the growing realization that India's voice is being increasingly recognized in many fields.Hollywood's leading Indian-born producer Ashok Amritraj, as well Nair, gave detailed accounts of this change in perception.\"When I started making films, nearly 70% of my revenue was from the US. Now, 70% of my revenue is from outside the US. Of course, China, Russia and Latin American countries account for a lion's share of this, and the growth of the Indian market for English films is still tardy. But this is because the Indian market retains a significant appetite for Indian films. There is also a growing awareness in the west about the growing Indian film industry. \"One of the key challenges that the Indian film industry faces now, is cracking the hierarchical and orthodox structures in the distribution front. This is being perceived as a major roadblock in the evolution of innovative film projects in the country.But film personalities like Australian filmmaker Paul Cox, point out that the challenges in the distribution front are a global phenomena. \"They (the distributors) are like sharks and act like mafia everywhere, and casualties are mostly the creative talents.''The discussions at Iffi also drew attention to the need for capacity-building in the Indian film industry, both in terms of content creation and in the technical aspects of production. Amritraj was categorical in saying that good screenplay would not face challenges in attracting finances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436549", "title": "No tax to ply on Mysore roads: Ramdas", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas on Friday said that there is no proposal to levy tax on motorists for use of major roads in the district.Referring to the government's decision to levy tax on motorists on some roads, he said there is no tax in Mysore district. Speaking after launching road development works at HD Kote, he said: \"There is no proposal pending before the government to levy tax on using roads in the district.\"Launching development works for 100km of roads in HD Kote, he said Rs 33 crore has been sanctioned for the development of 56km roads in Krishnarajnagar, Hunsur and HD Kote taluks. \"People should ensure quality. It is they who will suffer in case there are any lapses,\" he stated, asking the villagers to alert the officials in case of substandard works.PWD superintending engineer T K Suresh Babu said the government is developing 37,000km of roads in the state under 65 packages. \"The tender process is on and the department will ensure that these roads conform to the standards,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436208", "title": "Adopted daughter kills mother, elopes with boyfriend", "text": "PATNA: In a gory incident, 50-year-old Sita Devi's throat was slit allegedly by her adopted daughter Nitu Kumari, 17, at Bhawanpura village under the Phulwarisharif police station area on Monday night. The matter came to light on Friday when the villagers grew suspicious on seeing the house closed for four days and peeped inside through the keyhole.Police said Sita was the wife of Janeshwar Sharma, an employee with the mining department at Muzaffarpur. The couple did not have an issue and had adopted the daughter of Sita's sister when she was a child.Police said the +2 pass girl was having an affair with a local youth. Sita was opposed to the affair. On Monday night, the girl had a heated argument with her following which she killed her mother with a sharp-edged weapon and escaped with several belongings.Police said the girl's blood brother Raushan came to meet his sister and found the house locked. He returned and made a call on her sister's cellphone and found it switched off.SP (city) Jayant Kant said the girl had eloped with her boyfriend after killing her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433771", "title": "Inder Kumar Gujral, a mild-mannered, left-leaning liberal, dies at age of 92", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Inder Kumar 'Ike' Gujral's 10-month stint as prime minister did not amount to much, it was largely because of the rickety United Front coalition government that he led: it was chronically crisis-ridden, very often being rushed into intensive care. It's doubtful if a greater helmsman could have steered this iceberg-hit ship.However, this didn't prevent Ike, who died in a Gurgaon hospital on Friday after a multi-organ failure at the age of 92, from seizing the fleeting moment to mainstream the \"Gujral doctrine\" advocating unilateralism in India-Pakistan affairs. The mild-mannered, Left-leaning liberal politician's formulation was straightforward enough. As the more mature and confident democracy, India needed to reach out to Pakistan without getting bogged by the wait for reciprocal gestures.If India could clearly announce its friendly intent, the fog of distrust between the two squabbling nations could lift a bit, he felt. The doctrine could be extended to other neighbours too, all of whom are dwarfed by India's land mass as well as its cultural and economic dominance.Many would call Gujral an accidental PM. Deve Gowda had lost the vote and left shaking his head grimly at \"treacherous friends\". It was for Gujral to carry out a holding operation until the political class was ready the next election. He did it gamely, and wisely focused on his 'big' idea - the Gujral doctrine - while he was in the hot seat.The idea, alluring as it sounded, had limited takers. Hard-nosed career diplomats, right-wingers and a large slice of the political class were not prepared to overlook the unremitting hostility of Islamabad. \"Do not trust without verifying,\" they said. And not without reason. For, soon after A B Vajpayee's first aborted shot at prime ministership as Ike gave way, the Kargil War followed.Gujral had a fair inkling that his tenure was likely to be brief and would, in a friendly mien, suggest that colleagues make their future plans. He once told Goa leader Ramakant Khalap, then law minister, to consider becoming a judge. A file awaiting his signature for the appointment of a lawyer as judge meanwhile remained unattended.His avuncular air and clipped beard lent Gujral a kindly look. A soft spoken person, he appeared a throwback to a gentler age amid the rough and tumble of caste politics that propelled Janata Dal and leaders like Lalu Prasad and Mulayam Singh Yadav centre stage in the Ninetees.His becoming PM was fortuitous. After Congress chief Sitaram Kesri forced H D Deve Gowda to quit, a fierce succession battle erupted. Just as it seemed Mulayam might make it as PM with the backing of the late CPM stalwart Harkishen Singh Surjeet, Lalu threw a spanner in the works. \"The two sumo wrestlers checkmated one another,\" a former JD leader recalled.As the hunt began for a compromise, fate intervened and Surjeet left for China for an eye procedure. Gujral later confided that this facilitated in the making of India's 12th prime minister - himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434111", "title": "Indian Railways needs Rs 1,47k crore to finish projects: Pawan Bansal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways has failed to manage funds for completing its long list of pending projects, admitted rail minister Pawan Bansal on Friday.Faced with acute financial stress , the minister announced that projects which are 50% complete will be taken up on a priority basis and also urged state governments to share the cost.Bansal was candid in admitting that railways had been making new announcements in response to demands of members, and was staring at a \"humongous\" financial commitment.The minister disclosed that the state-run transporter needs Rs 147,187 crore for completing 347 pending projects relating only to laying of new tracks, gauge conversion and doubling of tracks.Expressing helplessness to fund these projects, Bansal informed the Rajya Sabha that in the past railways could manage only Rs 5,000 crore annually for implementing all its projects.\"Railways is one department where we have been making various announcements for new projects in response to vociferous demands raised by MPs. That has landed us in a situation where there is a humongous throw-forward of projects, both in physical terms and financial terms,\" he said. Bansal argued that the due to large number of projects the financial spread has been thin which is resulting in difficulty to finish work in time.The minister defended rail officials arguing that the allegations of time and cost overruns in finishing projects were technically incorrect as work was being carried out in accordance with the money sanctioned. Failing to generate resources, he urged state governments to share land cost and 50% of the sum spent on construction to help the transporter to expedite its pending projects.\"The state governments are requested, from time to time, for sharing the cost of the projects, which they consider essential, but which we consider to be non-remunerative,\" Bansal said, adding that he has written several letters to CMs.He outlined that steps have been taken to generate additional budgetary resources through state participation, public-private partnership, defence funding , declaring some ventures as national projects and implementation of bankable projects via Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434358", "title": "Dying declaration nails killer in fast track trial", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc district and additional sessions judge KL Vyas has sentenced a man to life imprisonment and an additional jail term of six month in default of fine of Rs 5,000 holding the accused guilty of murder that had taken place in February this year. The court issued the verdict after a quick trial that started little more than a month ago.Pawan Kahate, 26, was charged with murder by Sadar police and was convicted on the basis of dying declaration (DD) of deceased Ganesh Kewat. Kewat was rushed to Mayo hospital after Kahate and his co-accused and mother Suchita along with their accomplice Akash Paisadeli allegedly perpetrated the murderous assault with sticks and sharp weapon on Kewat over an old enmity at Gaddigodam chowk in Sadar.While the guilt against Kahate could be proved, his mother Suchita and Paisadeli were acquitted on the grounds of weak evidence against them. It's learnt that five out of 11 witnesses in the case had turned hostile but the court opted to rely on DD by Kewat. Additional public prosecutor Satish P Rode said Kewat had named Kahate in DD sparing the other two.\"The prosecution had contended that Kahate's mother Suchita too had delivered blows to the deceased after he was pinned down and so had Paisadeli. The acquittals came about as many of Kahate's friends turned hostile in the case by stating they had not seen the incident,\" said Rode.It is also learnt that one of the crucial witnesses, who had brought Kewat to the place, too refused to support the prosecution's investigation during the trial. \"The prosecution had argued that letting the culprits off the hook could send a bad message to the society,\" said Rode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434144", "title": "Amendments to Fema tabled in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday tabled amendments in the Lok Sabha to the Foreign Exchange Management Act ( FEMA ) that will facilitate FDI in multi-brand retail, leaving it to the Opposition to seek a vote against the move to allow global retailers to set up shop in India.Government tabled five amendments, notified by the Reserve Bank of India between May and October.A challenge from Opposition Left, BJP and other parties is inevitable and the government can face a floor test on the issue. But it is not clear if this will happen along with the discussion on FDI in retail scheduled next week.Government sources ruled out seeking a vote and said it will be up to the Opposition to seek disapproval of the amendments. The possibility of clubbing the vote is seen as remote although mustering the numbers is not a problem in the Lower House.The government can wait for a specified number of sittings of the House to face a vote on the amendments, the time period giving it leeway till the Budget session.The test is stiffer in the Rajya Sabha, where the government's numbers are dependent on the vagaries of SP and BSP bosses Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati. Congress managers are hopeful of getting these satraps to drop their opposition to voting in support of FDI in retail, but this will take some time.There is a view that the government may be making its own task more complicated if it seeks to face a floor test on the amendments.Even it loses the vote on the FDI discussion in the Upper House, its policy is not affected. On the other hand, if the amendments are blocked, the policy will be rolled back.CPM's Sitaram Yechury has made it clear that the party will move statutory resolutions in both Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha to disapprove the amendments.He said the CPI(M) would use \"all options\" available in the rules of business in Parliament to thwart government's attempts to implement FDI in retail.Yechury and other Opposition leaders maintain that the RBI amendments will be put to vote. \"Due to its obduracy, the government has agreed to have a vote on the issue twice,\" Yechury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433778", "title": "King sets the tone for weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the last couple of years, both JK Racing Asia Series as well as the MRF Challenge have been mere sideshows at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC). No surprises there as Formula One Grand Prix has been holding centrestage here. On Saturday and Sunday at the Sidvin Festival of Speed, for once these races will be the centre of attraction along with 12 other races featuring over 125 drivers at the Greater Noida circuit.With the entire paddock at the circuit at their disposal, the drivers as well as team members seemed excited at the prospect of a grand show in the next couple of days. There were small hiccups though with officials still trying to figure out how to operate the sector timing systems as they are without official FIA support for the first time. Things, though, were starting to fall into place.The MRF Challenge stands apart with the best cars on the grid this weekend. The 18 cars are on Dallara chassis and are powered by 1,998cc Renault engines that develop 210bhp. The qualifying session timings of JKRAS and MRF gave an indication of the vast difference in machinery with Jordan King clocking the best timing of the day - 1 min 54.351 - in the MRF Challenge. Aston Hare was the best of the JKRAS drivers clocking 1:59.369.On the next couple of days, it should be a battle between King, American GP3 driver Conor Daly and F2 champion Luciano Bacheta in the second round of the MRF Challenge F2000 series. Daly was sixth fastest on Friday with a time of 1:55.578 and Bacheta was 10th fastest out of the 18 drivers clocking 1:56.037.MRF have roped in their Rally driver Gaurav Gill for the two races this weekend besides Parthiva Sureshwaren and 19-year old Parth Ghorpade, who took part in the opening round last month. Pune's Ghorpade was the best of the Indian drivers coming in 11th fastest while Sureshwaren and Gill were 15th and 17th respectively.In the final rounds of JKRAS, Nabil Jeffri from Malaysia, compatriot Afiq Ikhwan and South Africa's Hare are battling for the title. Jeffri (184 points), rookie Hare (154) and Ikhwan (134) have dominated the championship so far. With Hare taking pole for the first race, Jeffri will start alongside him in second place.Akhil Khuslani, who had a podium finish at Silverstone, was the best of the Indian drivers qualifying at third spot while Aditya Patel will start sixth. The other Indians competing in the race are Vishnu Prasad, Raghunathan Mahaveer and Akhil Rabindra.In the qualifying for the JK National Racing Championship, Sarosh Hataria, who is in second place in championship, was quickest in the LGB Formula 4 category in 2:27.297, a good 0.382 seconds faster than Saran Vikram (Mars Racing).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434994", "title": "Six temporary enclosures to be set up at Allahabad junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The North Central Railway (NCR) administration is creating temporary enclosures at the Allahabad junction and the adjoining stations to accommodate large number of passengers who would throng the Sangam during the forthcoming Kumbh Mela. These temporary enclosures are being constructed for streamlining the excess crowd that would throng Allahabad junction.According to the plan, about six temporary enclosures would be constructed at the Allahabad junction and three temporary enclosures would be set up at Naini junction. About four temporary enclosures would be set up at the city side of Allahabad junction and two at the Civil Lines side. Each one of the enclosure would have the capacity of accommodating about 1,200 to 8,000 passengers. These will have drinking water facility, toilets and light refreshment arrangements, emergency lighting, mobile charging points, train indication boards and public address system.Out of the four enclosures that would be set up on the city side of Allahabad junction, the first enclosure would be set up in an area of 1269 square metres which would have the capacity of accommodating about 3300 passengers. The second and third temporary enclosures would have an area of about 1400 square metres and accommodate about 3688 passengers. The last temporary enclosure would have an area of about 520 square meters having capacity of keeping about 1300 passengers.In addition to this, there would be about two enclosures that would be set up at the Civil Lines side of the Allahabad junction. Each one of the enclosure would have an area of about 900 square meters having capacity of about 2300 passengers.In the Naini railway junction, there would be about three enclosures. The first enclosure would have an area of about 1705 square metres having a capacity of about 400 passengers. The second enclosure would have an area of 2600 square metres having a capacity of about 6000 passengers. The third temporary enclosure would have the capacity of accommodating 8000 passengers having an area of about 3465 square metres.These temporary enclosures would have the passengers going in a particular direction from the Allahabad junction. In one of the enclosures, passengers going in the direction of west towards Kanpur would be housed while in another enclosure passengers going in the direction of south or towards Satna would be housed. Similarly, passengers going in different directions would be kept at the enclosures.A control room would be set up at the top of the building of the Allahabad junction from where the crowd thronging the Allahabad junction would be monitored. Depending upon the number of passengers in a particular enclosure, they would be taken on the railway platform. A train would be arranged at the platform concerned and all the passengers then would be taken to their destinations.Senior railway officers would continuously be positioned in the railway control room from who would take part in the crowd management at the Allahabad railway junction.Taking to TOI, divisional railway manager of Allahabad division of NCR Harendra Rao said: \"Temporary enclosures are being set up for accommodating a large number of pilgrims who would come to Allahabad and Naini junctions. This is being done for the effective crowd management so that pilgrims coming to this holy place do not face any problem\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436281", "title": "This HIV person helps others fight stigma", "text": "BANGALORE: What does a boy who gets thrown out of school and disowned by his family do? Takes up a mission for life to ensure that others don't meet his fate. That's what 21-year-old Sumanth (name changed) did.Sumanth, a HIV +ve, is a flower vendor, part-time autorickshaw driver and an activist now. But all this did not come easily. The past eight years of my life have been full of hardships and humiliation. But I did not give up,'' said Sumanth, a class 10 dropout, from Kanakapura village.\"My parents died about eight years back. We were told that my father, a bus driver, had some infection. In 2008, I used to get fever frequently. A doctor treated me for two-three months and later referred me to Indira Gandhi Hospital. I was diagnosed with HIV,\" he told TOI.Recounting the humiliation that followed, a lean but well-dressed Sumanth said: \"I could not go to school for about a month. My grandmother was summoned to school and when asked she told my teacher that I had some illness called 'AIDS'. My school never allowed me after that. My grandmother had no idea that speaking the truth would close the door of education for me.\"His woes did not end there. Sumanth, who was living with his maternal uncle, was thrown out of the house. Even his elder brother (who was lucky enough to not get the virus from his parents) cut ties with him. \"I went to my friend's house. His parents were kind enough to allow me to stay there for three-four days. But I decided to leave my village and come to Bangalore,\" he said.He took a train from Kanakapura and came to Bangalore in 2009. The railway platforms were his home for about a week. He saw a poster of one NGO which helped HIV +ve people. And that was the defining moment in his life.\"I went to the NGO's office, they referred me to another NGO, which gave me a job of a driver and other office work. I was feeling better as I was financially independent. The ART (antiretroviral) treatment was working and my health had improved. I worked with the NGO for about a year and then decided to go back to my grandmother,\" said Sumanth.Sumanth has now taken up a small-time business of selling flowers. He also works as a volunteer with the NGOs and helps in counselling young HIV patients. \"I sell flowers from 6am to 11am, rest for a while and then drive the autorikshaw. My net income, after deducting all expenses including medication, is about Rs 3,000-4000 a month. My brother is now good to me. But I am grateful to my friends and the NGOs who helped me,\" he said.QUOTE\"I want to tell people that they should not discriminate against HIV +ve patients. I got this virus from my parents. Why was I penalized by my school? I always dreamt of studying well and supporting my family, but my dreams were shattered''--- Sumanth.SOME GYAANHIV can only be transmitted through body fluids like blood, semen or breast milk and not through touchIt's usually diagnosed through blood testsEffective treatment with antiretroviral drugs can control the virus and people with HIV can enjoy healthy and productive lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434726", "title": "Punjabi film 'Anhey Ghorhey Da Daan' wins Golden Peacock", "text": "PANAJI: In the year the International film festival (Iffi) was celebrating the centenary year of Indian cinema, Indian regional film in the Punjabi language, 'Anhey Ghorhey Da Daan' (Alms for a blind horse) bagged the Golden Peacock for best film.Based on the 1976 Punjabi novel by Gurdial Singh, the film depicts the plight and problems of Indian farmers and landlords.The award-consisting of a golden peacock, a citation and cash Rs 20 lakh-was received by the film's director Gurvinder Singh along with a representative from the film's producer National Film Development Corporation (NDFC).Singh said the award was special to him as Iffi was the first film festival he had attended as a film student and he never anticipated he would win the coveted award. He thanked NDFC for allowing him creative liberties in making the film.As the curtains came down on the festival, the other award winners of Iffi 2012 selected from 15 films in the international competition section were announced. South Korean director Kyu-Hwan Jeon won the best director award for his film 'The Weight'. He received a silver peacock, citation and cash Rs 15 lakh.The best actor award went to Marcin Dorocinski for his portrayal of a World War II Polish soldier in the movie 'Rose', while the best actress award was bagged by Anjali Patil for her role in the Sri Lankan film 'With You, Without You'. Patil collected a silver peacock, citation and cash Rs 10 lakhs, while Dorocinski was not there to receive his award in person.The special jury award was given to the Cuban film 'Una Noche' directed by Lucy Mulloy. The jury comprised Goutam Ghose (chairman) from India, Romania's Anamaria Marinca, Britain's Derek Malcolm, Poland's Lech Majewski and Sri Lanka's Malani Fonseka.Mira Nair's film 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', which was the closing film at Iffi, has been conferred the Indian Cinema Centenary Award instituted for this edition of the festival. Nair received a silver peacock, citation and cash Rs 10 lakh. The special centenary award selection committee comprised chairman Buddhadeb Dasgupta, Gautam Ghose and Kishwar Desai.Telugu film star Nandamuri Balakrishna was chief guest at the closing ceremony anchored by Rohit Roy and Simone Singh, while Australian director Paul Cox was the special guest. The function saw film personalities Shreyas Talpade , Jackie Shroff , Vishal Bhardwaj, Payal Rohatgi and others in attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436022", "title": "Mumbai shooter lands in ATS net", "text": "LUCKNOW: The anti-terrorism squad of Uttar Pradesh Police caught a dreaded criminal who had been instrumental in eight cases of murder that took place in Mumbai. A listed D-company member Haseen Siddiqui alias Jahangir was nabbed by ATS from Pandariba area in Charbagh on Thursday evening around 7.15 p.m. Jahangir reportedly was on his way to Mumbai after securing firearm and ammunition from his native village Nagva, located in Balrampur. He was caught before he could have boarded the train to Mumbai.The police recovered .32 bore revolver and 19 live cartridges from Jahangir and three mobile phones, more than half a dozen SIM cards as well as photocopy of his fake passport. \"He was also found in possession of a pan card having Mumbai address,\" said the police. Jahangir played a role in execution of several victims in Mumbai including the high profile ones such as Pradeep Jain (a builder shot dead opposite his bungalow in Juhu area in 1995), Jeetendra Dhabolkar (a close confidante of mafia-turned politician Arun Gawli shot near Milan subway in Santa Cruz area in 1997) among others.Jahangir was on the run from 2010 onwards from the time his name cropped up in fake passport case. Jahangir through his connections, managed to procure fake passports for himself and two more D-company members around 2002-03. The trio then kept shuttling between several countries in Asia-Pacific region. Jahangir was deported to India from Jakarta by Indonesian authorities. He went on to arrange another fake passport from his native village with the help of his brother Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435682", "title": "Justice for poor is nun Suma Sebastian\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suma Sebastian is a nun with a difference. For the 42-year-old human rights lawyer from Kerala, the idea of 'service' is not limited to acts of piety. Suma joined the Human Rights Law Network in 2009 after helping destitute people in different parts of the country over 17 years.\"Law is my weapon with which I can become a voice of the poor. Most of them are migrants who came to Delhi for work and were accused of crimes and put in jail. Many are implicated in false cases and languish in jail for years while the real criminals walk free using their financial influence,\" she said.The BCom graduate has a diploma in community development from Stella Maris College in Chennai, and an LLB from Jamnagar in Gujarat. She has also studied theology for a year in Bangalore. Standing five-feet-two-inches tall, Suma hardly seems a saviour, but she has rescued prostitutes in Mumbai and HIV patients in Gujarat, besides forming 75 women's self-help groups in Uttar Pradesh.Suma was offered comfortable quarters while working with a Supreme Court lawyer in 2009 but chose to live in a rented room with two other nuns in a Ghaziabad slum to help in community development. Now she lives in a centre funded by her congregation near the slum that houses 50 physically handicapped children. She visits the poorest prisoners in Tihar to fight their cases and brings them small comforts as a 'family member'.While her legal work requires Suma to shuttle between district courts and the high court, she leaves no opportunity to help the poor. Last year, she stopped an illegal demolition drive in Sarita Vihar by standing in the path of bulldozers. \"I was visiting one of my clients in the area when I saw 75 houses being evacuated for demolition,\" she said. Suma ran to face the bulldozers, and demanded to see the legal order for the drive. As the demolition squad did not have an order, she filed a PIL in the high court.In her family's eyes, Suma has always been a miracle child \u00e2\u20ac\u201d doctors had advised her mother to terminate the pregnancy due to complications \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but she never considered joining an order till the age of 20. The feisty woman wanted to be a newscaster instead. She had auditioned for the position, and while waiting for the result attended a three-day workshop with the Sisters of the Destitute to observe how the congregation functioned.\"I was deeply impressed and the smiles of the poor touched my heart and filled a vacuum. I was a fashionable girl studying in one of the hippest co-ed colleges in Kerala. I cut my waist-length hair and let go of all worldly pleasures and dreams. I have never looked back since,\" she said.Suma had found the inspiration but her family was opposed to the idea of entering the church. \"I met with opposition from all sides. My relatives wept, threatened, pleaded with me. I was locked up and gave up eating. Finally, a day before I was to take the vows, my father relented,\" she said.Since 1990, she has visited villages in Kerala, Mumbai, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi NCR; worked with Dalits, victims of trafficking, HIV patients and women and children. Despite an 18-hour schedule, Sister Suma never seems to tire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436125", "title": "Here's your chance to know Indian Navy better", "text": "KOCHI: People of the state will have an opportunity to watch the activities of the Indian Navy at close quarters when the Southern Naval Command (SNC) in Kochi will be opened to public from December 13 to 16 as part of the Navy Week celebrations.Addressing a press conference at the SNC here on Friday along with SNC Chief of Staff Rear Admiral G Ashok Kumar , Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief of SNC Vice-Admiral Satish Soni said the public should utilize the opportunity to know the Navy better. \"The warships and the aircraft of the Navy will be opened for visitors and the public mainly youngsters should make use of the opportunity,\" he said.On strengthening coastal security, the Vice-Admiral said the latest edition of coastal security exercise 'Operation Gemini' was successful and it had helped the agencies identify the areas that need tight security.Operation Gemini, the 48-hour-long combined coastal security exercise for Kerala and Lakshadweep , was conducted under the supervision of the Joint Operations Centre of the SNC in Kochi on November 20.Personnel from the Navy, Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, Coastal Police, intelligence bureau , directorate general of lighthouse, department of fisheries, port, customs, coastal shipping and inland water navigation participated in the exercise.Vice-Admiral Satish Soni said the Indian Navy was successful in conducting anti-piracy operations as it was evident from no piracy attempts reported close to Indian shores in the past couple of months.On the construction of indigenous aircraft carrier, which is on at Cochin shipyard, he said the delivery of the carrier was delayed as the construction of the vessel involved complex procedures. Stressing the importance of joint operations and exercises with foreign naval forces, he said the Indian Navy will hold the first round of formal staff talks with Bangladesh Navy next March.Kochi: People of the state will have an opportunity to watch the activities of the Indian Navy at close quarters when the Southern Naval Command (SNC) in Kochi will be open to public from December 13 to 16 as part of the Navy Week celebrations.Addressing a press conference at the SNC here on Friday along with SNC Chief of Staff Rear Admiral G Ashok Kumar, Flag Officer Commanding in Chief of SNC Vice-Admiral Satish Soni said that the public should utilise the opportunity to know the Navy better. \"The warships and the aircraft of the Navy will be open for visitors and the public mainly youngsters should make use of the opportunity,\" he said.On strengthening coastal security, the Vice Admiral said that the latest edition of coastal security exercise \"Operation Gemini\" was successful and it had helped the agencies to identify the areas that need to be looked upon seriously for strengthening the security. Operation Gemini, the 48-hour-long combined coastal security exercise for Kerala and Lakshadweep, was conducted under the supervision of the Joint Operations Centre of the SNC in Kochi on November 20.Personnel from the Navy, Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, Coastal Police, Intelligence Bureau, Directorate General of Lighthouse, and the Departments of Fisheries, Port, Customs and Coastal Shipping, and Inland Water Navigation participated in the exercise.Vice Admiral Satish Soni said that the Indian Navy was successful in conducting antipiracy operations as it was evident from no piracy attempts reported close to Indian shores in the last couple of months.On the construction of indigenous aircraft carrier, which is on at Cochin shipyard, he said that the delivery of the carrier was delayed as the construction of the vessel involved complex procedures. Stressing the importance of joint operations and exercises with foreign navies, he said that the Indian Navy will have the first round of formal staff talks with Bangladesh Navy in March next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434548", "title": "'Reluctant fundamentalist' reflects non-US perspective", "text": "PANAJI: Filmmaker Mira Nair says her latest film,'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', is an attempt to view the contemporary global reality from a perspective other than the conventional view in the US.The film is intended to contribute to the much-needed dialogue between the Americans and Pakistanis, Nair told mediapersons at the International film festival of India (Iffi) 2012, on Friday.\"We mostly hear the stories of the'brave American soldiers' going to war in places like Afghanistan, Iraq and Iran , and returning alive or dead. But we are seldom told about the ordeals thousands of people who get killed, or the women who have lost their families in these countries in the name of this war for democracy,'' she said.\"We have been getting stereotyped images of US citizens being soldiers fighting for democracy in different parts of the world and the Muslims being terrorists. There is a need to get out of these stereotypes and to start a dialogue between the people of America and the Muslim countries. This divide was reinforced acutely with the statement the then US president George Bush , who said that 'if you are not with us you are with them'. The Americans themselves are fed up with these wars which cause colossal damage to humanity,'' she said.Nair said that she had wanted to make a film on the divide between Americans and Muslims in the post 9/11 since 2004, when she visited Pakistan .\"This was my film which took the longest time (five years) to make. The editing of this film, which was shot in five continents with prominent stars from different regions, itself took about one year. But I'm happy that every frame of the film has come out the way I wanted, despite the numerous challenges we faced including shortage of finances.'''Chak De' director Shimit Amin , who edited the film, said that working with Mira Nair was a dream come true and an honour.On her engagement with social issues through the film medium, Nair said,\"I grew up in the backdrop of the idealistic discussions on how far art can change the world. I shared those idealistic views. Initially, I was making documentaries on social issues, and moved to fiction when I realized the limited reach of documentaries. I don't make movies for people to spend a pleasant Sunday afternoon watching.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435474", "title": "South Delhi garbage dump is home to a family of 6", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most people who hurry past the garbage dump at Masjid Moth would find it difficult to stand there for a few minutes because of the all-pervading stench. But for Shobhraj Kumar and his family of six, the dump is home. The 62-year-old says he has been living in the 20-square-feet concrete dhalao (dump) for the good part of 38 years.The family, which collects refuse from nearby apartment buildings, even has two small children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Aditya, who is a year old, and Sagar, 2, living amidst the garbage. They are the kids of Kumar's younger son, who got married a few years ago in Gorakhpur and brought his bride 'home' to the dump.Ironically, even to live in such filthy conditions, Kumar has to shell out Rs 800 per month. More ironically, he was one of the lucky few slum-dwellers to be allocated a flat at Madanpur Khadar in 2003. But Kumar, who earns around Rs 2800 per month, found he could not afford the daily commute from his new home to Masjid Moth. So he returned to live in the dump.Kumar turns philosophical when told that living in the dump was a health hazard. \"God is different for the poor and the rich. Rich fall sick often as they can afford the treatment. The poor are blessed with a strong immunity. Despite living in a dump, me or my family do not fall sick very often,\" he says with a smile.Kumar says he lived in a Nehru Place slum cluster for a while after his elder son's marriage. When the slum was removed he got a one-room flat at Madanpur Khadar.The family has two mattresses on which Kumar's wife and daughter-in law sleep with the grandsons.\"There are plywood and cardboard sheets on which I and my son sleep. The MCD toilet is our bathroom but during winters things get tough as there is no hot water. We boil water and then take a bath. It's more difficult for the women ,\" says Kumar, as his grandson plays with stray dogs coming to the dump for a meal.The Khadar flat is occupied by Kumar's elder son. That's house the Gorakhpur-born Kumar mentions when anyone asks for his address. The younger son lives with Kumar. His daughter-in-law, after a bit of coaxing, opens up to TOI.\"I didn't know that I will be living in a koodaghar (garbage dump) after marriage. But life here is better than in Gorakhpur. We at least have electricity and the garbage here better than at my father's jhuggi back home,\" says Anjali, who married Kumar's son four years back. The family has taken a line from the pole and a bulb illuminates the dump at night.The winters are particularly harsh in the dhalao. The family cannot burn garbage to keep warm as residents in the nearby DDA flats have a problem with the smoke.Many residents of the flat sympathize with the family. But for others, they are encroachers. \"There are people living in much more worse condition but living in the dhalao is actually encroachment. We have so many times brought this matter up with DWM but to no avail. Even the police have not acted,\" says an RWA member of the DDA Flats, Masjid Moth Phase-II. DWM is the private agency that looks after garbage disposal in the area.The RWA member said if any one complains about the Kumar and his family, his stop picking garbage from that house.DWM supervisor, Rakesh Kumar, has his own version. \"The family is nice and decent. They don't create problems. I have so many times asked them to move. The RWA members have never approached me saying they have a problem,\" says the supervisor responsible for garbage management of Masjid Moth, Phase I &amp; II.Residents say they have been others like the Kumar family who have made the dhalao their home. \"Till recently, people were living in garbage dumps at Malviya Nagar and Sheikh Sarai. But after complaints to area MP Ajay Maken , these dumps were cleaned up and locked. They (people living in the dhalao) create so much nuisance,\" says Keshav Aggarwal of Chittaranjan Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436556", "title": "School buses yet to install speed governors", "text": "BHOPAL: The lack of coordination between the administration and the school bus owners' association has led to a delay in the process of installing speed governors in school buses.Consequently, most of the buses are plying above the mandated speed of 40 km per hour as per the Supreme Court guidelines.A parent expressing concern over the speeding buses said, \"While the approved speed is 40 km per hour most of these buses are plying at over 60 km per hour. This is putting our children's lives in danger.\"More than three months ago, the meeting pertaining to school buses and speed governors was held at the divisional commissioner's office. Thereafter MANIT professor R K Mandloi gave a list of eight agencies in the country that deal with speed governors.According to sources, among those agencies, Rosmerta Autotech Private Limited had also given a demonstration to the school bus owners.Deputy commissioner Urmila Shukla said, \"The bus owners were given a month's time to install speed governors and asked for clarifications on which agency should they contact. The administration cannot direct the bus owners on which agency to choose as they are private entities.\"On the other hand, Naseem Parvez, chairperson of School and College Bus Owners Association said, \"No such agency has contacted us till date. Hence the governors haven't been installed yet.\"He also said that the association has never asked the administration to decide on the agency for speed governors.Notices issuedIn continuation with the crackdown on school vans, the school education department has finally issued notices of termination of NOCs to schools unless they provide the data on the types of vehicles (buses, vans etc) their students take to come to school. Joint director P R Tiwari said, \"After the notices were issues, 40 out of 60 schools have replied with the list of their vehicles. The rest should reply by Monday otherwise their affiliations would be cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436774", "title": "Education exhibition in city for youths aspiring to study in UK", "text": "COIMBATORE: K Muruga Jyothi from RS Puram was at a hotel on Avinashi Road to explore her options to study in the United Kingdom to pursue her doctorate there. She was among several youths who thronged the hotel to attend an education exhibition organized by the British Council to canvas education opportunities in the UK and interact with aspiring students.\"Our focus is to maintain a cultural link for international students. For example, many institutions in the UK organize Diwali celebrations,\" said Joan Barry, business development manager, South Asia.Joan said the number of students from Indian cities including Coimbatore, seeking opportunities to pursue higher studies in the UK is on the rise. There are 5,00,000 international students presently enrolled in various universities and 6,00,000 students are pursuing English language courses in United Kingdom. \"We get the maximum students from China, followed by India,\" she added.Several new training schemes are also being planned to ensure better recruitment rates from India, Joan said. Representatives of as many as 20 educational institutions from the UK had set up stalls at the exhibition. Separate sessions were held to highlight the advantages of pursuing higher education in the UK.\"We also have several scholarship schemes for students to ensure that educational expenses do not become a burden to them,\" Joan added.The youths are also given a talk about the procedures involved in applying for student visas to the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435646", "title": "Andhra University faces another blow", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Andhra University, which has been running on a shoe-string budget for quite a while now, is headed for its worse crisis ever. Barely able to make both ends meet with its annual budget of Rs 238 crore, the university is now set to see a Rs 25 crore hole being blown in its finances by the decision of the state government to re-affiliate 350 colleges in West and East Godavari to Adi-Kavi Nannayya University in Rajahmundry.According to sources in AU, the decision to re-affiliate these colleges, which were big fund generators for the university, was taken against the will of the executive committee of Andhra University, which had earlier deferred the issue.Former AU registrar, PVGD Prasad Reddy said, \"This is a huge blow. Considering the fact that these colleges generate about Rs 25 crore of the total Rs 30 crore revenue garnered from AU affiliated colleges, the repercussions will be huge.\"This means that AU will not be able to employ new staff, both teaching and non-teaching, due to which the quality of services offered will be affected, Reddy explained.What is worse, there is a fear that the decision may even hit regular maintenance work at the university as it will not be able to meet its running costs. Sources pointed out that bogged down with a deficit of Rs 25 crore, in 2013, AU would be left with only Rs 2 crore for actually maintaining the university.The former registrar, who had prepared the budget for the current academic year and stepped down recently, said a chunk of the university's funds go towards employee salary and pensions. \"A total sum of Rs 211 crores is spent on meeting salaries, pension and other employee funds. The total budget for the year 2012-2013 was Rs 238 crores and the university is left with a paltry Rs 27 crore for maintenance. Buying new equipment and generating funds for building works will now virtually become impossible.\" Though the government provides Rs 130 crore to the university, Rs 127 crores is spent by the university on salaries alone. This includes Rs 65 crore for non-teaching staff and Rs 62 crore for teaching staff. It is the university that chips in with Rs 81 crore for pension and provident funds.Terming the government's attitude as apathetic, a former member of the AU executive committee said, \"When the government is least bothered about financing the university properly, then they should leave us to our fate and not interfere with the running of the university. It is sad to note that politicians try to have their power bases in universities but do nothing for them when it comes to keeping them running.\" Worried over the impending move, the worried administrative body of the university has already started bracing for the blow by putting a halt on recruitments. Sources said that in some departments, the number of permanently employed teaching staff has come down to half of what it was five years ago.Heads of various departments believe that if such a situation were to continue, the students would be the worst affected. As a professor in the department of pharmacology said, \"The future of 13,000 students is at stake.\" The ball, feel many, is now in the government's court. Unless the government bails out the university in the coming few years, AU will find it difficult to run the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438766", "title": "Kim Kardashian's tour marred with controversy", "text": "Kim Kardashian was welcomed with harsh criticisms, as she arrived in Kuwait at the start of a three-day tour that will also take her to Bahrain.The 32-year-old reality star will open milkshake stores in both countries and will use the occasion to \"educate herself about the Middle East,\" Gulf News reportedJetting from the US wearing a slimming black trouser suit paired with black-pointed toe stilettos and a black crocodile skin bag, she flashed a peace sign upon arriving on Wednesday in Kuwait where she was later received by US Ambassador Matthew Tueller.\"Just touched down in Kuwait!!! Riding to the hotel now! So excited to be here!\" she tweeted to her 16,734,322 followers as soon as she landed. She later tweeted a snap of herself meeting Tueller.Tweets welcoming her into Kuwait flooded her account, interlaced with remarks that with her looks, she resembled Michael Jackson , and with observations that she should not have made the trip.The visit, her first to the region, has waded into controversy. In Kuwait, online users were sharply divided over her presence in the country and remarks ranged from warm welcome to flat rejection.\"Her values clash with our traditions as a religiously committed people,\" Mohammad Al Tabtabai, a preacher, said.\"Her visit could help spread vice among our youth,\" he said.However, another blogger told the socialite that she has \"brightened up Kuwait with her visit.\"In neighbouring Bahrain, conservative lawmakers tried to block her entry into the country, arguing that she had a \"bad reputation.\"However, their attempt on Tuesday failed after they could not get the support they needed from their peers and the Speaker ended the session without voting on the proposal.Several young Bahrainis blasted the move , saying that the conservative forces within the parliament were trying to impose their views on society.\"Lawmakers are supposed to focus their work and time on political and legislative issues, not on who should enter the country,\" Sawsan, an office secretary, said.\"If they do not appreciate her, then they should not attend the shop opening ceremony. They cannot dictate on people what they should or should not do,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17433836", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi eye points on tricky Lahli track", "text": "LAHLI: The pitch here in Lahli is a story in itself. By Indian domestic cricket standards, this has produced easily the highest percentage of results. The pitch has been the most fascinating aspect of the games played here, with the seamers having a ball.The last three matches here this season have spelt doom for hosts Haryana, who ended up on the losing side on each occasion. As they go into their Ranji Trophy Group B match against Delhi - who are sitting on 11 points - starting from Saturday, the traditionally greenish pitch wears a dry and bare look and may yet throw up some tricks. One might be forced to assume that the dry-looking pitch indicates that last year's semifinalists are playing safe against a strong Delhi pace attack which would be eyeing six points. In fact, the same 22 yards was used in the game against Baroda last week where spinners from both teams shared 12 wickets between them. While the visitors believe that pitch will take more turn, the Amit Mishra-led team insists the pitch will still favour the seamers.The constant breeze that blows across the agricultural fields on each side of the ground too complicates matters. Delhi, according to coach Vijay Dahiya, is going to field two spinners and rest one of the seamers.\"The toss is very important if it stays sunny throughout the match. We don't think this pitch will hold up for four days. This is the best time to check out Manoj Chauhan, who hasn't got a game for a while now. Maybe Pawan Negi can fit in as an allrounder too. Amit Mishra picked up a five-for on this wicket last week. With a bigger game ahead against Karnataka, we need our best fast bowlers fresh and ready for Bangalore,\" Dahiya said while adding the call to play Ashish Nehra will be taken on the morning of the match.However, the hosts are convinced about the surface to be played on and the conditions here. \"The water level here is very high and it is bound to assist the seamers. The grass is taken off only to ensure that the pitch doesn't get over-moist. We are sure that seamers will cause more problems. We know this wicket very well. But a class spinner can always use the moisture to his benefit,\" Haryana coach Ashwini Kumar said. Well, he has every reason to back himself with the heavy rains on Thursday and his premier fast bowler Harshal Patel hoping to be fit to take the field on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436209", "title": "Jasmine prices don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t smell so sweet", "text": "MANGALORE: On Wednesday, when Mumbai witnessed 30,000 weddings on a single day, the fragrance that enveloped the marriage halls and the flowers that adorned the brides came from Shankarapura, a village in Udupi famed for its jasmine.But the sweet smell comes with a not-so-sweet price. Owing to a packed marriage season and low output of jasmine, the price of the fragrant flower has skyrocketed. In just over a month, the cost of one 'atte' of the 'Shankarpura Mallige' has gone up from Rs 800 to Rs 1,000.In local parlance, one atte of jasmine comprises four chendus. One chendu on an average has 800 buds of jasmine woven together. On Thursday, the price of one atte crossed Rs 1,000 in open market trading and this steep run is expected to continue for another week.Jasmine growers Manjunath P and Ramakrishna Sharma Bantakal say dwindling jasmine production coupled with high demand in marriage season has fuelled this hike.Against the peak summer production of over 1,000 'atte' of jasmine per day, the production now has dipped to less than a quarter of this. Hardly 100-125 attes reach the market every day, says Ramakrishna.This, the growers say, is due to the winter chill which is not conducive for the flower's growth.With jasmine yield going through periodic highs and lows, predicting its price is always dicey, says Ramakrishna. But farmers are not complaining.\"While the consumer is paying nearly Rs 1,000 and more per atte, the farmers are getting anywhere upwards of Rs 800,\" he says.Incidentally, it is not just the wedding season that fuelled this price rise. Price of one atte of jasmine was hovering around Rs 820 even during Navaratri and has since stayed steady, dashing the hopes of buyers who expected it to dip.Ramakrishna says that indiscriminate use of pesticides to boost yield has also contributed to the slide in production. \"Farmers look at short-term benefits rather than long-term gains,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436865", "title": "Stolen goods worth Rs 15 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police solved 10 house break-in cases and seized stolen goods worth Rs 15 lakh, following the arrest of a criminal on police record on November 16.Inspector Balkrishna Khutwal of the anti-crime organised cell (north region) of the crime branch, Pune, in a statement issued on Friday said that following a tip-off received by police naik Tanaji Kamble, Akash Hemraj Pardeshi (20) from Yerawada was arrested while he was planning to sell stolen goods worth over Rs 1.17 lakh at a jewellery shop in Khadki.Khutwal said gold and silver ornaments and two motorcycles amounting to Rs 15 lakh were seized from Pardeshi. They were stolen from 10 places across the city, including Nigdi, Yerawada, Chatushrungi and Vishrantwadi in Pune and Dehu road in Pune rural and Bingar in Ahmednagar.Pardeshi has 30 house break-in and vehicle theft cases registered against him with the Pune police, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17436147", "title": "Calicut University to withdraw study material", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University has decided to withdraw the study material prepared for students under the School of Distance Education that contained controversial remarks on Tipu Sultan and Malabar rebellion. The study material was prepared by Dr Priyadarshanlal, an RSS sympathizer and former state president of ABVP.The committee, constituted by vice-chancellor Dr M Abdulsalam, had recommended that the study aid be withdrawn as its content may cause communal disturbance. The vice-chancellor accepted the report and ordered to withdraw the study material on Friday.The committee consisting Dr Anil Vallarhol, head, department of Malayalam, and K A Siraj, syndicate member, had found that the study material had violated the guidelines issued by the university for the preparation of the study material. The author relied only on the British accounts that were later proved wrong, the committee had felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17436407", "title": "Vaccine pills made from pollens to cure allergies", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin scientist is developing new vaccine pills from tiny pollen particles, which could treat people suffering from sneezing allergy. Harvinder Gill, a chemical engineer at Texas Tech University, plans to scoop out the pollen's allergycausing innards and leave just the non-allergenic outer shell.The idea harnesses the power of pollen's natural engineering \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a tough outer shell made from a polymer that could survive the human body's stomach acids and digestive processes.The vaccine by Texas Tech University could also be widely used for troops suffering from sneezing allergy and has drawn military funding from the US Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA ), 'Live Science' reported. Oral vaccines skip the pain of a needle injection and don't need trained medical personnel to administer.However , researchers have struggled to create vaccine pills that can survive long enough inside the body to properly deliver the vaccine. Gill's funded project will become part of DARPA's broader efforts to make battlefield medicine both simpler and more effective for troops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435663", "title": "Fake currency gang resurfaces, three arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after Lodhi Colony police busted an international racket circulating fake coins from across border, the crime branch has found evidence of the same gang at work with the re-arrest of its linchpin.\"With the arrest of three persons, we have busted an international network of criminals involved in minting counterfeit Indian coins in Nepal and supplying the fake currency in India. A total of 30,000 counterfeit coins of Rs 5 denomination have been seized. A Tavera used in the transportation and distribution of these coins has been seized,\" Additional DCP (Crime) Bhism Singh said.The accused have been identified as Ankit Chaturvedi and Darshan Kumar, a master thief with 29 cases against him. The third accused is Sweekar Luthra who has been rearrested.Police said a fake money minting unit has come up at Birganj in Nepal. \"Fake coins worth Rs 1 crore have entered the country via eastern UP yet again after 2010. We are in talks with the Reserve Bank of India to identify these coins. The gang is headed by Sweekar Luthra who was arrested in Delhi along with his brother two years ago,\" Singh said.Sweekar told police he used this money in construction of flats in Tilak Nagar in collaboration with a political family. He said they are getting consignments through railways from Madhubani, Bihar.\"The gangsters are helped by railway employees and customs officials near Nepal border. Pankaj, a resident of Shakarpur in Delhi, is a supplier of fake coins. Rajendra Sakia, Upkar Luthra who is Sweekar's brother, Raj Kumar and Pankaj are the gang members yet to be arrested,\" Singh said.Police said the foreign link became clear once sleuths established the route taken by counterfeiters to circulate currency. \"It is similar to the one used to transport currency notes to India. Their aim is to destabilize the economy. Such small denominations do not attract the attention of law enforcers,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17437017", "title": "Stone structures of Kashi Vishwanath Temple may breathe again", "text": "VARANASI: After a long wait, the stones and stone structures of historic Kashi Vishwanath Temple that enshrines one of the 'Dwadash Jyotirlingas' will be able to breathe again.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari directed the temple trust to remove the enamel paint from the stone structures. He gave this instruction while holding the 81st meeting of Sri Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust on Thursday.The application of enamel paint on the stones has already done considerable harm to the architectural marvel of Kashi Vishwanath Temple built by Maharani Ahilya Bai Holkar of Indore in 1777. Its dome has a cover of gold donated by Punjab Kesari Maharaja Ranjeet Singh.The decision of removing enamel paint is a welcome step, but uncertainty about beginning the work still prevails. Though the commissioner has given instruction for the removal of enamel paint, the officials are still in a fix and they have no idea when the work will start. \"The work will start immediately after the team of artisans is sent by the secretary (religious works) Navneet Sehgal,\" chief executive officer of Kashi Vishwanath Temple Pramod Kumar Upadhyaya said while talking to told TOI on Friday. He was not sure when and from where the team of artisans would arrive to begin the work.The stones of the temple were painted with enamel pain over a decade ago. In a meeting of temple trust held on October 19, 2005, it was decided that the administration would consult the officials of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to asses the harm done to the temple by the chemical paint and ensure remedial action.The meeting was attended by then principal secretary (religious affairs) Sunanda Prasad, the then division commissioner C N Dubey and other officials of district administration, departments and trust members. Later, a committee headed by the deputy director and head of the dyes and food adulterant toxicological division, ITRC, Lucknow, was constituted by the department of religious affairs to look into the matter.The committee had examined the chemical paint of the temple in July 2007. Later, the matter was also discussed at the meeting of temple trust in January 2009. Another committee was constituted for the restoration of the temple. This committee also examined the enamel coating on June 3, 2009.In 2009, general secretary of Citizen Forum and former minister Shatrudra Prakash had demanded a white paper on the application of enamel paint on the stone walls of Kashi Vishwanath Temple, reasons for the delay in removing the paint and the persons responsible for the act. The experts from National Research Laboratory for Conservation (NRLC) of Cultural Property, Lucknow examined the effect of paint in July 2009 and remarked that a 'blunder had been done to the stone walls' of the temple.According to NRLC experts, the porous stone absorbs water along with salt and mineral through capillary action.If coated with plastic paint the stone does not allow moisture to go out, ultimately causing damage. After examination, the NRLC estimated a cost of Rs 2.19 crore for removing the enamel paint from the stone walls. But temple Trust rejected this estimate after which the NRLC prepared another estimate of Rs 1.22 crore. However, the trust rejected the proposal again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434278", "title": "Just 68% registered under Aadhaar project in two years", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the Central and State governments are initiating various steps including launch of direct cash transfer system linked with Aadhaar number, the enrolment process in the city is going at a snail's pace. Since the launch of registration two years ago, only 68% of city's total population has been enrolled under the drive. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), which had been entrusted with the responsibility of Aadhaar registrations, has distanced itself from the drive in second phase of enrolment.According to census 2011, city's total population is 24.05 lakh. According to data on Aadhar's website, 16,46,019 have been registered in the city as on November 23.During the launch of Aadhaar drive in September 2010, NMC was given the target to register 24.05 lakh citizens by March 31, but it failed in doing so. Registration of only 15,66,893 was completed by the given date. Government then relaunched the enrolment drive in all cities including Nagpur to cover the remaining population.The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) has assigned the work of registering people to three private agencies in the city. In the second phase, enrolment is being done at only 14 centres whereas the number of centres in the first phase was over 50. Due to slow pace of enrolment, only 79,126 people could be registered in the last six months. Sources said that this slow pace in the registration process is going on at a slow because NMC has distanced itself from the whole process.A senior NMC official told TOI that the NMC has no responsibility in the second phase. \"Private agencies have been engaged to complete the enrolment. NMC was just asked to provide places for the centres. Accordingly, the NMC has provided sufficient places,\" he said.Also, many citizens who had enrolled under Aadhaar project are yet to receive their Aadhaar cards. Corporator Prakash Totwani told TOI that the Aadhaar cards are being delivered very late. \"My card was delivered after six months. Many citizens have not received their cards even after 7-10 months,\" he said.An employee at NMC's zone office on the condition of anonymity told TOI that the enrolment would have been completed if NMC had been given complete responsibility in the second phase. \"NMC officials used to monitor and also solve problems, if any. At present, no one is monitoring or controlling these centres. The citizens too are facing inconvenience to some extent,\" he said.The State government has made it mandatory for the enrolment of all students and teachers under Aadhaar project by June 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17434686", "title": "Unknown caller threatens to bomb railway station", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police beefed up security arrangements at Ahmedabad railway station after an anonymous bomb threat.Police said the city control room received a call from a man speaking Hindi and Gujarati. He was calling from a mobile phone. He said the government should have released Kasab, but it was too late and the government and people should prepare to face the consequences.The caller threatened to carry out explosions at the railway station within 24 hours. He also dared the police to find him out, if they could. After making the call, he immediately switched off his handset, police said.The control room immediately alerted railway police and the railway protection force. Security was immediately beefed up and cops increased checking.On the other hand, police roped in the city crime branch to trace the caller. Special Operations Groups in the crime branch has been tasked with finding the caller, but the cops were unable to trace the person till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435525", "title": "Liquor prices go up as govt raises excise duty", "text": "HYDERABAD: To get around legal hurdles to hike basic price of liquor, the government on Friday increased excise duty and trade margin on Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL). This means that a tippler will end up paying at least Rs 10 more for a bottle of 180 ml of medium or premium liquor.Originally planned to hike the basic price which would have benefited manufactures, the government held back a memo to that effect owing to a pending court case, and issued a government order (GO No. 666) increasing excise duty and trade margin on the sale of the liquor. And the duty hike would fetch additional revenue of Rs 500 crore to the government exchequer.While the cheap liquor and beer are spared from the duty hike, the excise duty on the A+ category of medium liquor with basic price ranging between Rs 350 and Rs 400 is hiked by Rs 54 or 90% per case (12 bottles of 180 ml). The excise duty on the liquor in the same category with the price band of Rs 400-Rs 450 is increased by Rs 75. And this has resulted in the brands like Bagpiper, Director Special, and Original Choice becoming dearer by Rs 10 (180 ml bottle).The trade margin, the commission Andhra Pradesh Beverage Corporation (APBCL) gets on the sale of liquor, is hiked on medium and premium brands. The trade margin on the medium liquor costing between Rs 450 and Rs 500 per case is increased by 32%, and it has gone up by 37% on the liquor costing between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000. And as a result, the medium brands like Officers Choice and Aristocrat Black have become dearer by Rs 5 (per 180 ml bottle).The trade margin has gone up on the premium brands with the price band of Rs 1,000-Rs 2,000 by Rs 1,055, and it is hiked by Rs 2,000 on the brands costing above Rs 2,000. And this has resulted in the brands like McDowel and Aristocrat Premium becoming expensive by Rs10 (per bottle of 180 ml).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436138", "title": "Gujral: A 'non-resident Bihari' who rose to be Prime Minister", "text": "PATNA: Public perception has it that no one from Bihar ever became the Prime Minister of India, though it is wrong, albeit technically. When I K Gujral became the PM in April 1997 replacing HD Deve Gowda, he was an MP from Bihar. In the records of the Election Commission of India and the Rajya Sabha, he was a resident of Patna.Gujral, who was close to the then chief minister Lalu Prasad, had been sent to Rajya Sabha from here in 1992 following the countermanding of his election to Lok Sabha from Patna constituency in 1991. The man from Punjab was then the minister of external affairs.As per the condition of the Election Commission, one has to prove that he/she is resident of a state for contesting parliamentary election from there. Lalu solved this problem by suggesting him to make a house located in downtown Patna's Sabzibagh locality as his residence. Accepting this offer, Gujral got an address in Sabzibagh under the Pirbahore police station area. His name plate was put up at the house of Anwar Ahmad, former MLC, who was a close aide of Lalu. The telephone allotted to Gujral in his capacity as an MP was installed there and letters and documents from Parliament were delivered there.Expressing his grief over the demise of Gujral, Ahmad recalled his association with the country's 12th PM. Ahmad, now chairman of Bihar State Awami Cooperative Bank, said when the issue of Gujral's local address came up, he suggested to Lalu to offer his house to him as a tenant. \"I never took rent from him since he was like my uncle and he and his wife used to visit us and would dine with us like family members,\" recalled Ahmad. \"He was a perfect gentleman and very honest. He would advise me honesty and obedience in the life,\" he added. When Gujral became PM, Ahmad was away to Saudi Arabia as a member of Haj goodwill delegation. It was Gujral who had included him in the delegation and asked him to go to Mecca and atone for his sins.It is however another matter that after becoming PM, Gujral never visited the state, not even after demitting the office. In 1998, when his Rajya Sabha term came to an end, his name plate was removed. \"I am deeply pained to learn about his demise,\" said Gujral's ex-landlord who will attend the last rites in Delhi.Three-day state mourning in BiharBihar government on Friday declared a three-day state mourning on the demise of I K Gujral. Condoling the death, chief minister Nitish Kumar said Gujral's death has created a big vacuum in the politics of the country. As soon as the news of Gujral's death came, Kumar announced a three-day state mourning from Friday itself. As part of this, all the offices were closed and the national tricolor flew at half-mast in government offices.RJD president Lalu Prasad, who was on way to Supaul as part of his 'Parivartan Rally' from Saturday, expressed sorrow over Gujral's death. \"We are in deep shock over the death of Gujral. God give strength to his family to bear the tragedy,\" Prasad told the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436910", "title": "Lohan drinks two litres vodka everyday?", "text": "Troubled actress Lindsay Lohan is said to have resorted to a daily, heavy dose of alcohol to deal with her stress.She is said to be drinking as much as two litres of vodka a day, sources close to the actress told tmz.Lohan is said to have become so stressed due to her financial situation and an impending probation violation, that she has turned to alcohol for relief.In the past, the actress has struggled with substance abuse and even has a DUI conviction under her belt. The sources say she often begins drinking first thing in the morning, and continues drinking throughout the day.Even on Thursdsay, when Lohan got involved in an alleged altercation with a woman at a nightclub in New York , she is said to have guzzled down alcohol all day.Sources reveal her friends have given up trying to help her because when she is drunk, she tends to get violent.Her representatives did not comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436013", "title": "Bytco hospital expansion work crawls", "text": "NASHIK: The revamp of the municipal Bytco hospital in the Nashik Road area is proceeding at snail's pace and is unlikely to be completed before the forthcoming Kumbh mela.A year ago, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee took the decision to extend the Bytco Hospital in the plot adjoining it. Soon after, Rs 53 crore was sanctioned for constructing the first phase of the new building and the work order was given in April 2012. But at the end of the year, the expansion is still in its nascent stage raising doubts about its completion before Simhastha Kumbh Mela 2015.The plot where the expansion is to take place is at present utilized by the fire brigade that will soon be shifted. The staff quarters have already been demolished and the staff shifted. The actual work began after September with the diversion of a 200 m nullah that was in the plot. After the diversion, the old nullah was filled and then the excavation work began. The engineers said that they were trying their best to complete the work within the stipulated time and that the rains and the diversion of the nullah delayed the project.After the teething problems the project finally took off but at a slow pace. Santosh Salve, site supervisor, said that they have to complete the project in three years but could not say for sure if it would be completed before the Kumbh mela.\"The fire brigade office has to be demolished and shifted for which a temporary shade is being constructed besides the new divisional office building. Within 8-10 days the fire brigade office will be shifted there. After the new building is constructed on the left of the campus they will shift here. Within a month we will start with the construction work relate to the hospital\".Medical Superintendent Dr D B Patil, however, said that the extension work would be completed within three years. He expressed confidence that the entire hospital would be ready before Kumbh Mela. \"Simhastha Kumbh Mela is in 2015. We still have three years to complete the work.\"Though the civic administration is confident about having the hospital ready before Kumbh Mela 2015, the engineers are skeptical about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17434432", "title": "3 Pernem VPs to go to polls on December 9", "text": "MAPUSA: Elections to three village panchayats in Pernem taluka will be held on December 9.The village panchayats are Hasapur-Chandel, Halarane-Talarne and Kasarvarne. Although elections to 185 of the 189 village panchayats in Goa were held on May 16, polls were not held for these three panchayats as their terms had not ended.Altogether 47 candidates are in the fray in 15 wards of the three panchayats. There are 24 male and 23 female candidates in the fray.Sources informed that many of the sitting panch members have decided not to contest and in many wards new faces are contesting.All most all the panchayats in the taluka are controlled by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) supported candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435355", "title": "Air India staffers seek action against cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The two Air India (AI) employees who were arrested for allegedly posting objectionable comments online have sought action against the police officers who handled their case.Following their arrest in May, the two were suspended by the airline. They were reinstated last week after the Palghar episode and the misuse of the IT Act drew attention to their case.In a letter sent to additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik on Friday, AI cabin crew members KVJ Rao and Mayank Sharma enquired if any departmental action had been initiated against the five police officials against whom the duo had complained. \"They illegally impounded our passports and company identity cards,\" the letter said.The AI employees were alleged to have shared jokes about politicians, made derogatory comments against the Prime Minister and insulted the national flag in their posts. In their defence, the two clarified that they targeted the Congress flag and not the Tricolour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17439162", "title": "Committee constituted to check conditions of slaughter houses", "text": "PANAJI: On the directions of the Supreme Court of India, the state government constituted the State Committee for proper and speedy implementation of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Slaughter House) Rules, 2001 in the slaughter houses.The committee will be chaired by urban development secretary and members are panchayat secretary, health director, director of animal husbandry and veterinary services, labour commissioner, food safety commissioner, member secretary of Goa state pollution control board, member secretary of state animal welfare board and director general of police.The committee will identify and prepare a list of all the slaughter houses located within the local municipal corporations and panchayats.The committee will also call for reports from the district magistrate or the dy. commissioner and district food safety inspector as the case may be on the condition or functioning of the slaughter houses and also on the compliance of the relevant applicable laws.\"The committee will recommend modernization of old slaughter houses and relocation of the same, which are located within or in close proximity of residential areas. The committee will also recommend appropriate measures for dealing with solid waste, water and air pollution and for preventing cruelty to the animals meant for slaughter\", B Braganza, director of animal husbandry said in a notification.The committee will also carry out surprise and random inspections of slaughter houses regularly and to issue directions for compliance of the recommendations that may be made by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435645", "title": "Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation draws up 'unilateral' draft City Development Plan, irks residents, other stakeholders", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The failure of Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) to consult Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) and local stakeholders before finalising the draft City Development Plan (CDP) has irked residents and elected representatives alike.One of the objectives of the CDP is to involve stakeholders to ensure planned growth of Vizag and make it a better alternative to mega cities. However, Vuda officials and elected representatives contend that they have not been involved in preparing the draft CDP. They allege that this has resulted in a skewed plan that is not in conformity with the Vuda's master plan.Confirming this, Vuda chief urban planner R J Vidyulatha, she said, \"They (GVMC) have not consulted us (while formulating the draft CDP). Two days back, they contacted us and we told them that we will give our inputs in the second week of December.\"Meanwhile, there is a growing displeasure among residents as they claim that the CDP is not in tune with the Vuda master plan, which was prepared several years ago 'to regulate and control the development through statutory plans and other measures'.While Vidyulatha of Vuda affirmed that the CDP should be in conformity with the Vuda master plan, members of a residents' association pointed out that the CDP had been formulated without taking into consideration plans that formed several years ago with important factors such as health, traffic, drinking water supply, schools, delayed construction of flyovers, public private partnership (PPP) projects, pollution, conservation of water bodies and encroachment of public places. \"Reports have been made on paper, but in reality it's just the opposite,\" said a concerned citizen.C S Rao, president, Praja Spandana, a forum for protection of public interest, too expressed discontent, \"The CDP is a mass of mess and confusion.\" He said revamping Poorna and Kurupam markets should be taken up and the RTC Complex should be shifted to Railway Grounds. He said that there should be two streams of water- one exclusively for drinking needs and the other for non-drinking purposes, including cleaning of utensils, washing of clothes, and watering plants and gardens.An upset M V S Sarma, member of legislative (MLC), Graduate Constituency, North Coastal AP, termed the CDP in the current form as an \"eyewash\" because none of the five MLAs or the MLC were consulted. \"They (GVMC) are claiming that two meetings were held, but it did not include elected representatives. The CDP has not taken into cognisance the Vuda master plan, which was created long back, taking into account the long term priorities of the region. It is a statutory plan and no plan by local body can go against the master plan.\" Meanwhile, sources at Vuda said that a meeting is expected to be convened shortly with elected representatives to discuss the implications of the CDP, but the date is yet to be finalised. While GVMC chief engineer refused to comment on the issue, GVMC commissioner M V Satyanarayana and GVMC additional deputy commissioner (projects) were not available for comments.CDP's main objective was to involve all stakeholders to ensure a planned city. However, due to the exclusion of Vuda and elected representatives, CDP now differs from master plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436483", "title": "BKC against setting up of private varsities", "text": "MYSORE: Former minister for primary and secondary education, B K Chandrashekhar, on Friday said privatization of universities is not a good idea.Speaking at the inaugural of an international conference on 'Higher education, cultures and literatures: Canada and India' organized by University of Mysore, he said: \"Privatization of varsities will not contribute to higher education and it won't help in the development of higher education. Companies will start dictating the universities and researches will be based on their ideas.\"\"Karnataka Knowledge Commission has to discuss the issue of privatization of universities with experts. It has neither contacted Higher Education Council nor Inter-University Council\" he said.Speaking about the culture of Canada, he said: \"In Canada, aboriginals, tribes, minorities and women get equal opportunity and are respected, unlike in India. Canada has announced Multi-Culturist Act as its official ideology.\"Though Canada is neighbouring USA, youths there know little about the country. But in terms of culture and education, Canada is better that USA, he added.\"It is disheartening that India stands last in a survey made by G-20 countries about the Best Countries to Stay In for Women. Inequality, infanticide, child marriage, dowry harassment, domestic violence and harassment at working place are the reasons for it,\" he said.Indian Association for Canadian Studies president Om Juneja said around 7,000 academicians talk about Canadian studies. \"Canada is the only country which spends money to get review from foreigners,\" Om added.On the occasion, Chandrashekhar took a dig at researcher M Chidananda Murthy for making derogatory statements on Tipu Sultan. \"His statements might disturb the harmony in society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17437031", "title": "HIV spreading tentacles in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The migration of people from eastern Uttar Pradesh to big cities has already identified the region among highly sensitive for HIV infection. The city is emerging as a new ground for HIV infections caused by intravenous drug abuse.Director, centre of excellence, National Aids Control Organisation (NACO), Banaras Hindu University, Shyam Sundar said HIV infection is a common trend in north eastern states specially Manipur, but the trend is now seen in Varanasi as well.\"At present around 10 HIV patients are being treated in the ART centre, BHU. They are not backpackers or foreigners but natives of the city, who are youngsters and middle-aged people. Such drug abusers are often seen at ghats and older parts of the city. Mass sharing of the syringe and needle is often a common practice by drug abusers that invites HIV infection. The trend is catching fast which is very unlikely for a city like Varanasi,\" Sunder added.The officials of NACO, Varanasi, stated that the entire eastern UP area is turning out to be a highly sensitive zone for HIV infections because of migration from rural to urban slum areas and even metropolitan cities. Jaunpur, Azamgarh and Ghazipur are identified as the highly sensitive districts. Varanasi ranks at number four. Most of these patients are in the age group of 20 to 45 years and bread winners for the families. Almost 90 per cent of the patients belong to lower middle class families and have poor economic conditions.Recently, new ART centres (for first line treatment) have been opened in Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Jaunpur and the district hospital in Varanasi but the region's vulnerability towards the HIV infection is not decreasing the number of patients at ART centre, BHU. Around 300 to 350 patients are arriving at the centre every day. NACO nodal centre in BHU is also the ART centre which was formed in 2005. Already emerged as centre of excellence along with only three other ART centres in northern India, it is providing qualitative first line and second line treatment for AIDS.Apart from screening and treatment of HIV patients, the centre boasts of other facilities like integrated counselling and testing centre (ICTC), Suraksha Clinic (STD clinic) and counselling centre for prevention of parent to child transmission (PPCTC).\"At present, as many as 15,819 HIV positive patients are registered in the centre. Earlier low turnout of HIV positive people coming for screening and treatment at the centre was troubling the experts, but now we are overcoming this problem by identifying people and arranging meeting with ICTC and other centres. Around 80 per cent of patients are now turning up for treatment,\" Sunder added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17436253", "title": "AIDS cases dip in Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: Awareness programmes and an effective treatment regime have resulted in a declining trend in HIV/AIDS cases in Dharwad district. The district, which had the seventh highest prevalence rate in the state, is likely to go down in the list by the end of the year.According to Dr SM Honakeri, special officer for AIDS in Dharwad district, HIV among urban people is less compared to previous years. Most of the HIV positive people are found in the villages of Kalghatagi, Navalgund and Kundgol taluk. If a person is found having less than 350 counts in CD4 test he or she will be referred to the ART centre, he said.In the current year from April to till the end of October, 39,114 people were tested and 969 were found HIV positive. Of this, 49 were pregnant women. Among the high risk groups are those who live out of their cities for a long period and indulge in unsafe sex, sources said.The government has introduced several institutions for testing HIV and treatment for the infection. In Dharwad district there are 14 Integrated Counselling and Testing Centers (ICTC) working. Two Anti Retroviral Treatment (ART) centres and also four link ART centers are working for testing HIV/AIDS.The government is conducting several information, education and communication (IEC) activities. NGOs are working for creating awareness among rural and urban people, said Dr NM Angadi, district health officer.Saving the newbornsAccording to sources, in the past five years, around 599 newborns in the district were protected from contracting the infection from their mothers. Nevirapine tablets for pregnant women and Niverapine syrup for the babies yielded the desired results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435171", "title": "Cabinet condoles Gujral's death, declares 7-day state mourning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Friday paid its condolence to the passing away of former PM Inder Kumar Gujral and declared seven-day state mourning as a mark of respect for the departed leader.The national flag will fly half mast on all buildings and there will be no official entertainment during the seven days of state mourning, starting Friday and will be on till December 6.Gujral will be given state funeral. His body will be cremated near Smriti Sthal here on Saturday at 3pm.All Central government offices and Delhi government offices here will close at 1:30pm on Saturday to enable people to attend the funeral ceremony.There will be condolence references made to him in both the Houses of Parliament on Monday.The Cabinet, which held special meeting to mourn the demise of the former PM, also passed a resolution placing on record \"its deep sense of grief\" and extended its \"sincere condolences on behalf of the entire nation to the bereaved family\".The resolution says, \"The Cabinet expresses profound sorrow at the sad demise of Inder Kumar Gujral, the former Prime Minister of India, on November 30. In his death, India has lost a great patriot, a visionary leader and a freedom fighter.\"Gujral actively participated in the freedom struggle and was imprisoned during the Quit India Movement. As a distinguished diplomat, he served as Ambassador of India to the erstwhile U S S R. and Special Envoy of India to a number of countries. Gujral was an esteemed Member of Parliament in both Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha.\"Before assuming the office of the Prime Minister of India on April 21, 1997, Gujral held various ministerial positions as Minister of External Affairs; Minister of Water Resources; Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs &amp; Communications and Minister of State for Information &amp; Broadcasting and Communications.Born on December 4, 1919, at Jhelum in undivided Punjab into a family of freedom fighters, Gujral was an erudite scholar, an eminent intellectual and a well respected commentator on national and international affairs\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17436716", "title": "Times Quizomania on Dec 8", "text": "INDORE: More than 70 schools from across the city will participate in \"Times Quizomania 2012-13, Indore\", organized by the Times of India Group on December 8 at Vidyasagar School in Bicholi Mardana.Well-known quiz master, Dyu Decunha will be conducting the quiz contest. The contest will comprise a written preliminary round, which would befollowed by a final round. Students of class VIII to X can participate in the contest. Best three quizzers will represent their school and there will be no negative marking in the preliminary round. from standard VIII to X may represent a school, and there.Apart from the contestants, schools will have to be allowed tosend atleast four students as 'cheer leaders'. The cheers leaders can be in civil dresses. The registration for the same would take place between 9 am and 10 am and the programme would conclude at 1.30 pm. For further details contact Ankit Jain 9826805553.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435536", "title": "Rs 1 lakh reward for information on cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murderers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unable to make headway in the murder of a constable shot at a picket at Jonty in outer Delhi six days ago, Delhi police on Friday declared a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh for those providing information about the murder.Head constable Ramkishan, a resident of Nangloi, was shot dead in Kanjhawala early on November 26 morning allegedly by four persons who drove away. This is the second instance - after the Rohini triple murder case which till date remains unsolved - that the outer Delhi police moved police headquarters and declared a reward in a murder case.\"Commissioner Neeraj Kumar has announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh to persons providing information on those involved in the incident,\" a senior police officer said. Ramkishan (49) had managed to snatch a pistol from the attackers, he said. The shooting took place after police stopped the car for checking at Jonty toll booth near the Delhi-Haryana border.Sources in police said a businessman returning from a marriage ceremony was robbed of his Hyundai Verna by armed assailants who drove off towards Mongolpuri. \"We believe that these were the persons whom Ramkishan and his team encountered and that the quartet did not expect the picket at that point,\" said a source, adding that the trail went cold after it was found that the appearance of the accused in the Pitampura incident did not match that of the assailants. Besides, the car in the shootout was a Honda City and not a Hyundai.Sources said they are new leads from Haryana but refused to divulge more. Delhi police are in touch with their Haryana counterparts to nab the accused.Ramkishan is survived by wife and two sons, one of whom is studying M.Tech at IIT, Roorkee and another B.Tech at an institute in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17436076", "title": "Youth sets school office on fire", "text": "GURGAON: A man was arrested on Friday for allegedly setting the office of the head mistress of a government school on fire on Wednesday. The fire had reduced all the records in the office to ashes. Police lodged an FIR against him and will produce him in a city court on Saturday.The accused has been identified as 24-year-old Sanjay Kumar, a resident of ward No. 13, Sohna. He used to visit the government primary school, Sohna, often as his mother has been working in the school as a cook under the mid-day meal scheme. The school was closed on Wednesday for Guru Purnima when Sanjay went in a drunken state and allegedly set fire to the office of Sarla Devi, the head mistress of the school.\"The accused is unemployed and has a history of being involved in such incidents earlier,\" the investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436230", "title": "Honeymooners prepare their own package", "text": "PATNA: Newlywed couples who are planning their honeymoon are leaving nothing to chance to make their most memorable trip a perfect one. Thus, instead of going for the packages offered by travel agents, many tech-savvy youngsters now prefer self-prepared packages.\"I am going to Dubai for my honeymoon. When I approached a travel agent, he asked for a hefty amount for preparing our package. Besides, there were many restrictions regarding the number of days we could spend at a particular place. He also expressed his helplessness in providing any changes in the schedule,\" said Arun Kumar, a bank employee, who is getting married to a Lucknow-based MBA student, Suchita Pal. \"So, I prepared my trip plan on my own. This cost me around 20% less than what the travel agent was charging us. Online travel agencies are giving better packages at a lower cost,\" he said.\"If we go for the packages prepared by travel agents, we cannot do last-minute changes in them. Besides, my fiancee and myself planned a road trip in Europe to enjoy the great weather, scenic beauty and adventure activities, which was not possible in the package offered by the travel agent. Thus, I prepared my own package with the help of travel websites,\" said Mayank Kumar, whose wedding is scheduled on December 6.Afzal Razavi, owner of NK Travels, said with more people preparing their own travel package, the number of customers has decreased recently. He said, \"Booking train and flight tickets, hotels and finalizing the places to visit in particular cities are now possible from online travel websites. This has led to a decline in business. Most people are now quite tech-savvy and prefer preparing their package themselves with the help of online travel websites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17434438", "title": "Canacona taluka records sharp rise in HIV cases", "text": "PONDA: Even as the state maintained its trend of an overall drop in the number of HIV cases for the fourth year in a row, the southernmost taluka, Canacona, has recorded a disturbing rise.Statistics of the Goa State AIDS Control Society (GSACS) show 14 persons contracted the virus up to October this year as against four persons in the corresponding period last year; a rise of over 300%. The state's apex body for control of HIV/AIDS in Goa, incidentally, doesn't receive data of blood tests done at private laboratories, so the numbers-including the overall for the state-could be higher, said officials.The only other taluka to see a rise in HIV numbers this year is Ponda-two up from 26 recorded last year. Most of the other 11 talukas have seen declines.Commenting on Canacona's rise in numbers, GSACS project director Dr Rajananda Desai said the tourist-centric beaches in the taluka-Palolem and Galgibaga-could have contributed to the overall numbers. The coastal belts of the state have always been considered very vulnerable to the virus.Remarkable declines in numbers were recorded in Salcete (52; down 34 from last year's 86), Mormugao (77; down 37 from last year's 114), Tiswadi (33; down 26 from 59), Quepem (10; down nine from 19) and Pernem (4; down seven from 11). Dips were also seen in Bicholim (14; down four from last year's 18), Sanguem (12; down four from 16) and Sattari (14; down one from 15).GSACS' statistics also show an increase in the number of those who succumbed to full-blown AIDS this year.Eighty-one persons-57 men, 23 women and a transgender person-succumbed to AIDS between January and September 2012 as against 90 who died between January and December 2011.Commenting on this, Desai said, \"HIV takes several years to turn into full-blown AIDS. Those who died would have contracted the virus seven to eight years ago.\" She added that up to October this year 486 people have tested positive for HIV, while 76 are currently living with AIDS.Desai stressed that HIV cases have been on a decline in Goa for the last four years. While around 1,019 persons contracted the virus in 2008, the numbers dropped to 959 in 2009, 821 in 2010 and 665 in 2011. Of these 105 HIV-infected persons developed AIDS in 2008, 184 in 2009, 154 in 2010 and 106 in 2011.Stating that GSACS has so far tested the blood samples of just 3,62,414 people for HIV (the state's population is over 15 lakh), the project director said there could be more people with HIV in Goa.\"We work with high-risk groups that include commercial sex workers, and men who have sex with men. While most have tested for the virus, there may be some who have not come forward to test themselves,\" said Desai.She added, \"Besides, there may be some people who have done their blood tests at private laboratories. These laboratories do not provide their data to GSACS and their figures are therefore not on record.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17436714", "title": "Pvt college teachers demand parity in promotion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the state government planning to revise career advancement scheme for teachers of non-government colleges receiving grant-in-aid, those appointed by private management have started demanding parity in promotional benefits.Teachers in non-government colleges are recruited in three ways - by the Staff Selection Board (SSB), sponsored by director public instructions (DPI) (now called director higher education) and appointed directly by the college management. After regularizing them, the government used to deduct five years of service of all these teachers while considering them for promotion. However, SSB candidates demanded that since they were selected by a government board, they should get promotional benefits on par with those appointed in government colleges. Government conceded to their demand.DPI-sponsored candidates followed suit and took up the issue with the government applying similar logic that since a government authority had sponsored them, they too should get the benefits. The government has recently started the process to creat their promotional list accordingly. The leftover teachers, appointed by college management, are now demanding that since all of them are from common cadres, there should not be discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436173", "title": "Music Academy junction to get pedestrian-friendly", "text": "CHENNAI: The Cathedral Road-T T K Road junction is to be equipped with public toilets, wider pavements, better lighting and a different surface. The corporation council on Thursday approved plans to provide facilities at a cost of 1.8 crore.With an aim to make the junction more pedestrian-friendly, the corporation has decided to increase the width of the footpaths along T T K Road, Cathedral Road and Radhakrishnan Salai. The three roads have footpaths, but in most places they are just a little over two ft, which engineers say is too small for one person to walk. \"An ideal footpath should be 1.2m or four feet on which two people can walk together,\" said an engineer. The idea of increasing space for pedestrians by eating into road space could alarm many drivers. \"I use the junction everyday when I drive from Egmore to Alwarpet. It is so congested, this could make driving even harder,\" said Shwetha P, a commuter.Chennai City Connect (CCC), the non-profit that suggested the design to the civic body, says widening footpaths in a co-ordinated manner will help remove traffic bottle-necks. \"When cars turn right from Cathedral Road into T T K Road, four take the turn but only two cars can enter T T K Road at a time. This creates a bottleneck,\" says Raj Cherubal of CCC. \"So, streamlining thedriving space on Cathedral Road will ensure smoother flow of traffic,\" he added.Design experts too believe that making roads pedestrian-friendly is the only way to reduce congestion in the long run. \"Road widening is a short-term measure that does not solve problems,\" says architect Siddharth Money of K S M consultants who will design the transformation. He says the point of the design is to maximise use of available road space. \"Since the footpath is narrow and interrupted, people walk on the road. To avoid hitting pedestrians, people drive close to the median, wasting at least five feet of space,\" he said. \"So, increasing and improving footpaths could create more road space in the long run,\" he added.Corporation officials are considering getting in touch with traffic police to try reducing the driving space for a few weeks on an experimental basis. \"We have asked the traffic police to try placing barricades along the existing footpaths to see if it congests the road further,\" said Cherubal. \"We will take the observations into account before proceeding,\" said a corporation official.In a bid to make crossing the junction safer for pedestrians, they will elevate the surface slightly and relay it with concrete blocks, which will provide drivers with a different texture and colour. \"The difference in colour will alert the driver to slow down,\" said the official.The space created under the flyover after the removal of all the greenery will be utilised to set up a few easy-to-maintain toilets. \"We hope to have a minimum of two units,\" said an official. \"They will be designed in such a way that they require minimum maintenance and will not smell,\" said Money. The greenery that was dying due to the lack of sunlight will be moved to the sides of the flyover. \"A horticulture firm has given us plants that do not require sunlight, so we may look into that,\" said an official.While the proposal seems bleak in comparison to the open theatres, parks, exhibition galleries and parking spaces planned under the flyovers, officials say this is more practical. \"If we have an exhibit or performance, where will we provide parking? Even creating parking space will create congestion and violations,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436178", "title": "Governor, CM condole Gujral's death", "text": "Governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have expressed grief over the demise of former Prime Minister IK Gujral. The governor in his condolence message has said that with his death, the country has lost a leader of rare brilliance and dedication. He has served the nation in various important capacities. His dedication will be long remembered, he added. Joshi has prayed for the peace of the departed soul and has extended his heartfelt sympathies to the bereaved family members.CM Akhilesh Yadav said that late Gujral was a simple and sensitive person who was an expert in foreign affairs. He has expressed his sympathies to the bereaved family members.Chief secretary Jawed Usmani warned that strict action would be initiated against the officers of the concerning districts if any complaint regarding illegal distillation and smuggling of liquor is received by the government. He has directed the commissioners of Meerut, Agra and Saharanpur divisions to ask the district magistrates of these districts to identify the persons involved in illegal liquor distillation by holding meetings with police and excise officials and make available the list of such persons to principal secretary excise within a week.Elected: Following have been elected office-bearers of Confederation of Indian Tiny and Village Industry (CITVI). President: Amitabh Mehrotra, senior vice-presidents: Veena Bhatnagar, Aijaz Kazmi and Geeta Dayal, vice-presidents: Hemant Dayal, Parvati and Seema Kazmi.general secretary: Manoj Bhatnagar and secretary-cum-treasurer: Manju Bhatnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436249", "title": "Tier-2 entrepreneurs give competition to metro students", "text": "BANGALORE: Budding campus entrepreneurs from Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities are giving stiff competition to their counterparts from top metros. They are cultivating start-ups and business ideas, despite unfriendly government policies that often test their managerial skills to the brink.However, lack of funds from angel investors poses a serious problem for these early-stage entrepreneurs.\"There is a steep rise in the number of student entrepreneurs from Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns in the country,\" said K Srikrishna, executive director, National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN). He added, \"There's little money available from angel investors as there are far too many such deals in the market today.\"NEN's advisory board, which consists of over 550 member institutions and aims to drive the entrepreneurship culture in campuses and supports start-ups and early-stage entrepreneurs, met in Bangalore on Friday and discussed several issues, including curriculum planning, faculty development for upcoming entrepreneurs across the country.According to experts, the country needs to create 10 million jobs in the next decade, and based on global trends, innovation-driven entrepreneurship is one of the ways forward. However, there are many problems that youngsters face in their entrepreneurial quest in the fields of sales and marketing, hiring right talent, finding funding and relevant skill sets.Srikrishna said entrepreneurships need to be driven by innovation or they stand a chance to lose out on business front. \"Most college businesses are in the fields of web designing/IT consulting, food, book exchange or customized shoes and apparels. Innovation needn't be life changing but can be in the aspects of packaging and marketing. While youngsters talk about it, many don't know how to go about it,\" he told TOI.Trend is not so popularThe former angel investor also pointed out that despite the evolution of entrepreneurship in country's business schools, unlike the West, the trend is not very popular in our engineering colleges. \"Barring some top institutes, most engineering colleges in the country don't believe in entrepreneurship. A large number of their faculty members are of an opinion that students, who study technology, don't need to learn business as it is a prerogative of B-schools. So, even those interested aren't able to relate to topics like retail and marketing,\" he said.\"Stanford, MIT and others had the same issues about 10-15 years ago but now they have introduced certain subjects as electives to help students understand business aspects better,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434127", "title": "Govt offers apology over Mani Shankar Aiyar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcanimals\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 comment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three BJP MPs on Friday gave a notice in the Rajya Sabha for alleged breach of privilege by Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar , who had compared MPs shouting slogans in the well of the House with animals.The MPs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Jagat Prakash Nadda, Dharmendra Pradhan and Bhupendra Yadav \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sent the privilege notice against Aiyar under Rule 188 of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct to the Rajya Sabha secretary general.Aiyar, a Rajya Sabha MP, reportedly made the controversial remarks during a television debate on the logjam in Parliament on FDI in retail .The government earlier offered an apology in the upper House after MPs objected to Aiyar's comment. Members of BJP, SP, BSP and Left parties were on their feet condemning Aiyar's remarks and demanding action against him.This forced minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla to tender an immediate apology on behalf of Aiyar. Shukla also informed the House that he would talk to Aiyar and ask him to apologize. \"First of all, I apologize if he has made any such remarks... I will tell him to come and apologize to members if he has said so,\" Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436885", "title": "Believing Anna, Kejriwal would be deceitful, say Maoists", "text": "RAIPUR: Communist Party of India (Maoist) on Thursday said believing Arivand Kejriwal, who floated a political outfit 'Aam Aadmi Party' and social activist Anna Hazare would be deceitful. They described them as 'apologists' of the exploiting system in the country.\"They (Kejriwal and Hazare) are claiming they would end corruption. However, they would be able to bring only some namesake reforms like the Lokpal. Believing them would be deceitful,\" CPI (Maoist) Central Military Commission spokesman Deoji said in a statement to mark the occasion of 12th anniversary of Peoples' Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) on December 2.The Central Military Commission (CMC) gave a call to conduct 12th PLGA anniversary weekly celebrations in all the guerrilla zones and red resistance areas. They also insisted on expanding by intensifying guerrilla warfare to defeat the exploiting ruling classes through People's War - 'Operation Green Hunt' (OGH) (War on People) targeting such people, the spokesman said. The Maoist outfit clarified that they were not observing any bandh during the PLGA foundation day celebrations, though the police was trying to create a bandh type situation. The Maoist leader called upon people to conduct meetings, rallies, demonstrations on a large scale in each and every village's nook and corner to propagate the political aim of PLGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434577", "title": "Better treatment for Punjab school kids in private hospitals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to provide prompt and better health care facilities to children studying in government schools, Punjab government has tied up with private hospitals - Christian Medial College, Dayanand Medical College and Mohan Dai Oswal Charitable Hospital in Ludhiana besides Fortis, Silver Oaks &amp; Ivy Hospital in Mohali - for treatment of children who are suffering from life-threatening ailments like rheumatic &amp; congenital heart disease , cancer and thallasemia under the School Health Programme.Director general of school education Kahan Singh Pannu said decision had been taken to include these hospitals on the panel apart from the already existing PGIMER Chandigarh because of heavy rush at the premier government hospital. The state government has also directed the three state medical colleges at Patiala, Amritsar and Faridkot to undertake preliminary check-up of identified school children and refer their cases for further treatment to private hospitals. Earlier, the process of preliminary check-ups was carried out at PGI, which was a long and tedious procedure, resulting in huge backlog and endless waiting period.Till now, 1,021 out of 1,493 children have been treated for hole in heart, 87 out of 131 for cancer, 68 out of 84 for thallesemia, 1,771 out of 2,840 for polio/cerebral palsy/congenital deformities, and 216 out of 244 for cleft lip/palette. Likewise, 587 children afflicted with low vision and 2,224 with hearing impaired would be provided treatment in medical camps being organized on December 5 and 11 respectively.To expedite the process, Pannu has now asked the district education officers to send all children who were suspected to have some medical problem to the medical colleges for quick diagnosis and immediate further treatment at private hospitals after referral. Efforts to get surgeries done at private hospitals have yielded encouraging results. The department was now considering to involve more such hospitals to provide timely medical intervention to school children near their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436280", "title": "Maintain Bihar's polio-free record: Bihar health society", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has not registered any polio case for over two years. However, this does not call for complacency and efforts must be stepped up to sustain this achievement, said health secretary-cum-executive director of State Health Society, Bihar, Sanjay Kumar here on Friday.India has been removed from the endemic list of polio but for the declaration of polio-free India, no case should be registered for three consecutive years. The last case of polio was found in January 2011 in West Bengal. In Bihar, the last polio case was found before September 2010. This is a big achievement considering Bihar recorded 117 polio cases in 2009, second highest in the country, said Kumar.He added the state health department was focusing on 41 high-risk blocks apart from transit points like railway and bus stations, community fairs and migrant population settled in brick kilns and construction sites. There are four high-risk blocks in Patna . He added health department launched a special vaccination drive along the Indo-Nepal border and railway stations 18 months ago, vaccinating more than four lakh children.He added promotion of hygienic environment and routine immunization have been the pillar stone of government efforts to eradicate polio. But a lot still needs to be done to achieve the average 85% immunization. \"Bihar will continue its supplementary and routine immunization,\" said Kumar. He added this year alone Bihar has conducted two national immunization days and five immunization days involving 95,000 vaccinators.Congratulating the workforce of over one lakh volunteers and health workers that form 45,000 teams, Kumar said their relentless efforts have led to the success of the programme to track and immunize children below the age of five years at least eight times a year. There are more than 20 million children in the state below this age, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435734", "title": "400 crore Japan funds to boost forestry projects around Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The state forest department that was finding it hard to implement some projects, received a major boost after the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) sanctioned Rs 400 crore recently for executing urban forestry projects in and around the city.Principal secretary of the department, Subes Das, said, \"We have been sanctioned Rs 400 crore by JICA. We are to start work on urban forestry projects with the funds from this year itself,\" Das said.Earlier, an agreement had been signed between JICA and the Centre for receiving the loan. Sources said the amount will be used for developing urban forestry, conservation of biodiversity and wildlife preservation. The fund will also help the forest department to increase green cover in urban areas. The green cover in the city has been on the decline over the past few years due to rampant felling of trees and poor maintenance.If figures are to be considered, the city's green cover has already gone down by five percent and there is an urgent need to protect and preserve all open green spaces both in the city and its suburbs. In most cases, trees have been felled to make way for billboards and infrastructure projects, while the saplings that were planted withered away due to poor maintenance.Sources pointed out that certain stretches off VIP Road and EM Bypass, where trees have been chopped off mercilessly, have suffered the worst. This apart, several large trees have been felled in even in other parts of the city. Many trees also had to be hacked to make way for infrastructure projects like flyovers, but the compensatory plantation have not been done properly.According to officials, one of the biggest problems for the department is the shortage of manpower. Though the forest department and the KMC conduct tree-plantation programmes every year, many of the saplings die due to lack of maintenance.Of late, the state government has been working on some urban forestry projects in and around the city. An eco-park has been set up on a 480acre waterbody and is slated to be inaugurated on December. There will also be a rain forest zone and a plantation area in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "khon kaen", "code": "17438491", "title": "Sandhu, Himmat miss cut at King's Cup", "text": "KHON KAEN: Ajeetesh Sandhu and Himmat Rai missed the cut as the Indian challenge ended at the $500,000 King's Cup.Sandhu shot a second successive 71 and finished in a tie for 71st at two-under 142 and missed out by one shot. Rai (71-73) was even par and ended 94th as the cut came at three-under 141.Thailand's Supakorn Utaipat continued his dream run at the $500,000 King's Cup when he signed for a five-under-par 67 to take the second round lead on Friday.In what is only his second start on the Asian Tour, the 22-year-old outshone the illustrious names by compiling a two-day total of 13-under-par 131 to take a two-shot advantage.Singapore's Mardan Mamat carded a 70 to take a share of second place alongside England's Chris Rodgers and defending champion Udorn Duangdecha of Thailand at the Singha Park Khon Kaen Golf Club.Chinese Taipei's Chiang Chen-chih made one of the biggest moves with an impressive 64 to take a share of fifth place with compatriot Lin Wen-tang, Australia's Wade Ormsby, Philippines' Elmer Salvador as well as Thailand's Boonchu Ruangkit and Prom Meesawat at the King's Cup, which is the third last event on the 2012 Asian Tour Schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434666", "title": "Nashik youth under lens for offensive photos on Facebook", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old Nashik youth charged under Section 66A of the IT Act over his posts on Facebook approached the Bombay high court to quash the FIR registered against him.Kiran Pakar had allegedly posted images showing the \"killing of Hindus in Karachi\" and the \"special treatment given to a minority community in India\". He had also posted images of Union ministers deriding them.On Thursday, a division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sambhaji Shinde remarked that prima facie, there could be a case against Pakar. The judges asked his advocate to go through the images that were allegedly uploaded by him.Pakar was charged under Section 66A for posting offensive images online and Section 153A of the IPC for promoting enmity between two communities. He was arrested by the Panchvati police in Nashik around two months ago and released on bail.Pakar urged the court to quash the charges against him. Public prosecutor Revati Dhere and additional public prosecutor Mankunwar Deshmukh submitted the material that the police had seized, including images downloaded from the internet and then posted on Pakar's profile.The court scheduled the matter for further hearing on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gorakhpur/kushinagar", "code": "17436052", "title": "Paying for husband's promiscuity", "text": "GORAKHPUR/KUSHINAGAR: Life was never more than a curse for teenaged Ratna, who was married off to a laborer, Sohan, almost twice her age. In 10 years of her marriage, Ratna got pregnant several times but could become the mother of only three, a son and two daughters. With the kids, this widow in her early 30s is diseased, broken and deserted, paying the price of her husband's promiscuity and drug abuse.Ratna wanted to commit suicide ever since she got to know that the reason behind her low energy to take up house-hold chores, frequent episodes of fever, blisters in her mouth and private parts was HIV infection. \"But I could never gather the courage to leave my children battle the world all by themselves,\" she said. With no support from her family and negligible aid from government agencies, Ratna was pushed into prostitution, earning barely anything to raise her three children and keep her withering body and soul together.Ratna represents the agony of the growing group of HIV positive women, dying to get their share of attention from agencies spending crores of rupees in the name of the infection. Studies conducted for and by the National AIDS Control Society reveal that 80% of HIV positive women in India got the virus from their husbands who practiced unsafe sex and went to prostitutes. Thousands of women have been betrayed by the HIV positive men and their families who hid the men's positive status and transmitted the virus to the unsuspecting women. Statistics show that about 90% of HIV widows didn't live with their in-laws after their husband's death.In eastern districts of UP, where the incidence of HIV is on the rise, the challenge of rehabilitating them is bigger. \"We have an average of one HIV positive case per day,\" said a government doctor in Kushinagar. Gorakhpur, that is the core of several districts including Siddhartnagar, Santkabirnagar, and Maharajganj and also receives patients from Bihar and Nepal, has a similar tale to share. \"This is mainly because of the fact that many people from villages in the Poorvanchal work in big cities particularly Mumbai where sex trade is not beyond the pocket of many,\" said Sharat Chandra Jaiswal, who runs a network of positive people in Gorakhpur.Jaiswal added that that life of HIV positive women was hellish. \"The stigma factor is quite high in this part. HIV positive women and widows have a higher share of burden. Firstly, because of their second class status in the society and, secondly, because they are associated to a 'chronic womanizer'. Everyone tends to think that they are easily available,\" he stated. Suman Devi from Gorakhpur is a case in point. \"I am nothing more than a bad omen to my inlaws despite the fact that I got the disease from their son. They outcasted me and didn't even come for the funeral of their son. I beg or sell myself ever second day to earn a living,\" she said.Shrimati Mani, who works to create awareness against HIV AIDS in villages of Kushinagar, said that HIV positive women face victimization from all ends. \"They may have to fulfill the sexual demands of the men in their family in lieu of some money, food or work in the fields. And when the families discard them, influential men in their village take advantage. When all of them get bored with her, the women is forced to depend on transitional population such as truckers passing from UP to Bihar,\" she said.Naresh Yadav of Network for People Living with HIV/Aids has analyzed the problem in detail and concluded that the answer lies in the economics of the matter. \"Like most women, they have little exposure to the world and its ways. Death of the husband means zero earnings or livelihood and double the responsibility. The pressure and effect of her condition is also there. If something can be done about her job, life could be easier for her,\" he said.The reality is, however, stark and disappointing. \"Though there are schemes for widows, there is hardly anything specific to support HIV widows. Even if we want to help them through the schemes for general widows, it is difficult to link up the two ends,\" he stated. Several years ago, National AIDS Control Society spoke of using tools like rural credit and self help group for economic empowerment of the HIV positive women and widows. But the idea has progressed little beyond board room discussions on HIV AIDS. \"There is a practical problem in this. A self help group is usually formed among equals. The women have to be at least from the same village which may not be possible as the cases are scattered,\" explained Mani.Addressing the problems of HIV positive widows was essential to check the further spread of disease, suggests a NACO report on gender and HIV. Narrating the first hand account of an HIV positive widow turned prostitute, the report reads, \"When she works, she insists that her clients use condoms but some clients refuse. It isn't always in her power to bargain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434314", "title": "New commissioner of police assures fair and effective policing", "text": "NAGPUR: The new city police commissioner Kaushal K Pathak, during his interaction with media prior to taking charge from predecessor Ankush Dhanvijay on Friday, said that setting a good example with sound leadership could go a long way in reducing corruption.Pathak, without sounding very ambitious, opted to tread the beaten path of sticking to prevention and detection while listing his preference. The soft-looking CP, an IPS of 1983-batch, assured fair and effective policing.Replying to TOI's query, Pathak sounded liberal about his strategy on registration of crime. \"If there is a crime, it would be registered,\" said the new CP. Pathak, who was surprised to see former CP Dhanvijay rattling off the names of the scribes while introducing them, seemed to show the same keenness over teamwork like his predecessor when he ensured that joint commissioner Sanjay Saxena was present during the media interaction.Pathak, served in several executive postings along with a stint in Intelligence Bureau (IB), was in the city last week for couple of days to get acclimatized with the preparation for the forthcoming winter session. \"The arrangements made would be full-proof,\" the top cop assured with complete confidence. He had served the forest department and banking sector before joining the police force.The top cop's answer over a query regarding some cops being nabbed by State Anti-corruption bureau, displayed that the IPS officer had a matured outlook. \"Corruption reflects the present condition of the society. It is not that only the police department has black sheep,\" said the Azamgarh native.On the handicap of having to work with less manpower and apathy on part of cops posted out of Western Maharashtra, Pathak said the state headquarters was equally concerned about the situation. However, he went on to say that it was not true that officers from Western Maharashtra were reluctant to work in Vidarbha.Assuring to formulate an effective strategy to curb street crime, Pathak said that the department would put in all efforts to tackle the menace. Tracking Naxal movement would also be the department's priority, he added. The new city police chief assured to enhance the facilities at the police canteen and hoped to explore the possibilities of reviving the defunct police public school project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17435087", "title": "Brain surgery for kid with laughing fit", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: A team of doctors from Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER) has successfully performed a rare brain surgery on a one-year-old baby girl from Chennai to treat 'laughing epilepsy' medically described as gelastic seizures.Assistant professor and head of the neurosurgery department in JIPMER Dr V R Roopesh Kumar said the parents of the baby hailing from a middle class family from Chennai, noticed that the baby was having intermittent episodes of inappropriate laughing. They also observed that the baby becomes unresponsive during such episodes.They approached a pediatrician in Chennai, who in turn referred the baby to a neurologist. The baby was finally referred to JIPMER. Diagnosis revealed the presence of a non-malignant tumour-like malformation (hamartoma) in the brain (hypothalamus) of the baby causing laughing epilepsy.\"This is a very rare lesion and is difficult to treat with medicines alone. If not properly treated the seizures will become uncontrollable and the patients develop significant intellectual impairment later in life,\" Kumar said.The neurosurgeon pointed out that removing the tumour from the brain surgically was the only option to cure the disease. \"But surgery on hypothalamus is very dangerous as it is the most important neuronal structure that controls the functioning of the brain, heart, hormone function and salt and water equilibrium in the body,\" he said.Moreover, hypothalamus is deep inside the base of the brain and is surrounded by many important blood vessels and nerves. \"We finally decided to remove the tumour as it was the only way to control her symptoms. We performed the critical surgery under operating microscope, which lasted for 4 hours and removed the tumour after preserving the hypothalamus and surrounding blood vessels and nerves,\" he said.The baby responded well to the surgery and recovered without any major problems. \"A brain scan done after the surgery confirmed that tumour was completely removed,\" he said.The baby was discharged 10 days after surgery. The baby is hale and healthy and free from symptoms of laughing epilepsy.The surgery was performed free of cost. The surgery will cost between Rs 3 lakh and Rs 4 lakh at private hospitals. \"Private hospitals do not prefer to perform such surgeries due to the risks involved. The surgery is very complex with no clear cut guidelines,\" he said.Kumar pointed out that such rare diseases have to be diagnosed appropriately and the patients have to undergo ideal treatment early in the life to prevent damage to developing brain. There are just 20 or 30 cases reported worldwide with tumour in hypothalamus leading to laughing epilepsy. \"The recent case was reported in Australia wherein the neurosurgeons could not remove the tumour completely but disconnected it from the brain,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436271", "title": "Opposition seeks CBI probe into Adalat Ghat tragedy", "text": "PATNA: The Opposition parties, including the Left, on Friday disrupted the proceedings of the Upper House demanding a special debate on the stampede at Adalat Ghat in which over 18 people were killed during Chhath.As soon as the legislative council assembled on Friday, the leader of opposition in the Upper House, Ghulam Gaus, demanded a special debate on the Adalat Ghat tragedy. Nawal Kishore Yadav, Tanvir Hasan and Mishri Lal Yadav (all RJD), Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI) and Basudeo Singh (CPM) too demanded debate and government reply on this issue.Amid noisy scenes, Council chairman Awadhesh Narayan Singh rejected the demand for special debate, saying the matter would be taken up after the question hour.Immediately after the question hour, all opposition members rose on their feet demanding a debate and government reply on this issue. Some of the members, including Kumari Jyoti (Cong), Nawal Kishore Yadav, Tanvir Hasan and Mishri Lal Yadav (all RJD), also entered the well of the House demanding a CBI inquiry into the incident.CPI member Kedar Nath Pandey said the probe should also cover the presence of doctors in PMCH on the fateful day. The chairman said the government would give its reply in the current session of the House. He also said that the final probe report was yet to come.Earlier, RJD members, including former CM Rabri Devi, displayed placards and shouted slogans for about five minutes at the main portico of the Council against the government's failure in tackling the situation. They were also demanding a CBI probe into this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434221", "title": "Standard XI student ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: An 18-year-old student of standard XI, studying at a Nandanvan based women's college, hanged herself at her residence at Gangabagh in Kalamna on Friday. Deceased Puja Raut was the eldest of three sisters, who had lost their father around 10 years ago. The reason behind the suicide is not yet clear.Puja was at home while her sisters had gone to school. Their mother, who works as a domestic help, is the sole earning member of the family and had gone to work when the incident took place.Puja's hanging body was spotted by one of her sisters when she returned from school. She alerted the neighbours, who informed Kalamna police station. The cops shifted Puja's body for post mortem to the Mayo hospital. A case of accidental death has been registered at Kalamna police station. Cops feel that either stress due to studies or economic hardship pushed the girl to end her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new york/paris", "code": "17438188", "title": "Strauss-Kahn to 'pay $6m over rape claim'", "text": "NEW YORK/PARIS: Former IMF head Dominique Strauss-Kahn has reached a preliminary agreement to settle a civil lawsuit brought against him by a hotel maid who accused him of sexual assault last year, sources familiar with the case said.US and France-based lawyers for Strauss-Kahn, who was once tipped to become French president, on Friday acknowledged a deal was under discussion, but said it had not yet been finalised.They also denied as \"flatly false\" and \"fanciful\" a report that he agreed on a $6 million settlement.\"The parties have discussed a resolution but there has been no settlement. Mr Strauss-Kahn will continue to defend the charges if no resolution can be reached,\" Strauss-Kahn's US lawyers, William Taylor and Amit Mehta, said in a statement.\"Media reports that Dominique Strauss-Kahn has agreed to pay six million dollars to settle the civil case are flatly false.\"French daily Le Monde, citing people close to Strauss-Kahn, said he and the maid Nafissatou Diallo would meet a judge in New York on December 7 to sign a $6 million settlement and close an affair that ended the Frenchman's International Monetary Fund career and wrecked his presidential ambitions.\"The discussions have been going on for weeks, months. The agreement should be confirmed at the start of next week,\" Michele Saban, a friend of Strauss-Kahn who saw him recently, told Reuters in Paris. She could not confirm the sum involved.\"We are moving towards the end of a tragedy,\" she said, adding that Diallo had always been open to negotiating a settlement despite reticence from her lawyers.Le Monde said 63-year-old Strauss-Kahn planned to take out a bank loan for $3 million and would be lent the other $3 million by his wife Anne Sinclair, despite the fact the couple separated in the summer and now live on different sides of Paris.Strauss-Kahn's Paris-based legal team declined to comment on whether a deal had been reached with Diallo, but denied Le Monde's report of the sum involved.\"Neither Dominique Strauss-Kahn nor his lawyers will comment on proceedings in the United States. That said, however, they strenuously deny the erroneous and fanciful information relayed by Le Monde,\" said a statement from the Paris lawyers.The New York Times, which first reported the development, also said the pair would appear before a judge in New York next week. It said the settlement sum could not be determined.End of the affairNews of the US deal comes as Strauss-Kahn is awaiting a decision by a French court on Dec. 19 on whether to call off a sex offence inquiry involving parties in Lille attended by prostitutes, where he risks trial on a charge of \"aggravated pimping\".If that case is dropped and Diallo ends her civil case, Strauss-Kahn would have a freer rein to pursue his consultancy work and could even consider a tentative return to public life in France, where he has been shunned since the Diallo scandal.Images of the then IMF chief paraded before TV cameras in handcuffs before being charged with attempted rape shocked the world and led to French media raking over smutty details of the former finance minister's private life.\"That's the end, not only of this affair, but of any potential affair because one of the reasons for signing this kind of agreement is that both parties agree that they will never again bring a lawsuit,\" Christopher Mesnooh, a US lawyer who practices in France, said of the Diallo agreement.\"There will always be people who wonder about what happened in New York and in Lille, but from a legal standpoint if he gets all this behind him, he's a free man,\" he added.Diallo alleged that Strauss-Kahn forced her to perform oral sex on May 14, 2011, in his suite at the Manhattan Sofitel.The criminal prosecution fell apart after doubts emerged concerning Diallo's credibility as a witness and the attempted rape charges against Strauss-Kahn were eventually dropped.Strauss-Kahn, who in May 2011 was days from entering this year's French presidential election, has maintained that the sexual encounter was consensual, although he said in a TV interview after his return to France that he regretted his \"moral error\".He filed his own countersuit against the maid earlier this year, claiming that Diallo's accusations had destroyed his career and harmed his reputation.In recent months, Strauss-Kahn has been making a comeback under-the-radar with a handful of speaking engagements at private conferences and by setting up a business consultancy firm in Paris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435099", "title": "Gang opens ATM, walks away with 6.75 lakh", "text": "AURANGABAD: Badnapur police officials investigating the Rs 6.75 lakh theft from State Bank of India ATM suspect it to be the handiwork of experts who knew the machine's configurations.Unidentified persons committed the theft on early Thursday. The ATM situated in a corner of the Badnapur ground neither had any security appliances nor a security guard at the kiosk, making it prone to the break-in attempt.The thieves had cut the data cable and power line because of which the alarm did not ring. The accused also had a fair idea that the machine was fixed using four screws of five inches each.So far, the police have got the fingerprints of one of the accused, while the dog squad has failed to lead the police anywhere. Five teams including a local crime branch, anti-dacoity squad and three teams of Badnapur police have been formed to detect the crime and one of these teams will head Solapur to study the similar case that had taken place a few days ago. Ssenior inspector and Badnapur police station in charge Premsagar Chandramore said, \"The ATM is located at an isolated place and has an open ground to one side and farms on the other, making it prone to break-in attempts.We had met bank managers and had sent notices asking for the installation of manual and technical security at the ATMs .\"The ATM neither had any CCTV camera nor a security guard and the watchman had pulled the shutters down and had locked it up. The crime was committed between 2 am and 5 am on Thursday.Assistant superintendent of police Vasant Pardeshi visited the spot. \"We suspect it to be the job of a professional having thorough knowledge about the working of the ATM machine. A local gang may be involved,\" Chandramore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17435037", "title": "Savita's hubby to move rights court", "text": "Praveen Halappanavar, husband of an Indian dentist who died in Ireland after she was refused termination of an unviable pregnancy, will move the European Court of Human Rights for justice as Irish authorities did not agree to conduct a public inquiry into his wife's case. Praveen's solicitor Gerard O'Donnell said he was identifying a team of junior and senior counsel for the action as Irish health minister James Reilly did not agree to a public inquiry into the circumstances of Savita's death, according to the Irish Times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17439109", "title": "Senior US official meets relatives of Tibetan self-immolators", "text": "WASHINGTON: Families of three Tibetans who recently set themselves ablaze to protest China's oppression in Tibet , met this week with a top American diplomat in charge of human rights issues, a senior US official confirmed.The meeting between the assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, Michael Posner, took place at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department on Thursday, the official said, without giving details of the family members, for safety reasons.\"He (Posner) expressed our deepest condolences and our grave concern for the spiraling violence and harsh crackdown in Tibetan areas as well as, you know, grief with regard to the self-immolations,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters here.\"I think in order to protect them and their families, I won't go into any more details,\" she said.\"Altogether there were three families. I don't have the details,\" she said.\"You know our policy with regard to this and our concerns. We remain very concerned about rising tensions that result from counterproductive policies, including those that limit freedom of religion, freedom of expression, freedom of assembly and association in Tibet,\" Nuland said.\"We are disturbed by reports of violence between police and student protesters that left 20 students injured after a protest earlier this week by approximately a thousand Tibetan medical students in Qinghai province against a government-issued booklet which derided the Tibetan language, the Dalai Lama and self-immolators,\" she said in response to another question.\"We are going to continue to raise this publicly and privately and urge the Chinese government, at all levels, to address policies in Tibetan areas that have created tensions and that threaten the distinct religious, cultural and linguistic identity of the Tibetan people,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17439230", "title": "Manisha Koirala to go to US for treatment", "text": "Ailing actress Manisha Koirala will leave for the US shortly for further tests and treatment, a medical source said Saturday.The 42-year-old, who was discharged from Jaslok Hospital where she was admitted for three days, will go with her family to the US. No further details are known.\"Given her condition, she is fine and we are hopeful she will come out of it,\" the source said, while refusing to give details citing patient-privacy privileges.Manisha was taken to the hospital Nov 28 after she reportedly fell unconscious.The actress hails from an influential family in Nepal . She made her debut with \"Saudagar\" in 1991 and recently made a comeback with Ram Gopal Varma's \"Bhoot Returns\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17436184", "title": "IPS officer penalized in postal order theft case", "text": "PATNA: A 1994-batch IPS officer, Amitabh Kumar Das, has been found guilty in connection with the postal order robbery case worth crores in Patna by an inquiry team constituted by the state home (police) department. Subsequently the department, with the consent of the UPSC, has decided to lower his salary by two grades for the next two years. Das is presently posted as SP (rail) at Jamalpur in Munger district.According to the inquiry team's findings, Das, during his tenure as SP (rail), Patna, between August 2001 and May 2003, had shown negligence towards his duty. He did not supervise the case and didn't even give report-2 in connection with the case related to theft of postal orders lodged with the Patna junction railway police station. The report said that he mishandled the case and helped the accused to get a clean chit.Following the punishment imposed, Das would get a salary two grades lower than his current salary for the next two years and he would be disallowed any increment from the department till the punishment period is over.However, when contacted, Das told TOI, \"I got clean chit in the postal order case way back in 2008. In the inquiry report submitted by the 1974-batch IAS officer, S P Keshav, who is now retired, it was clearly mentioned that it was simple issue of pending case and nowhere was it found that I had any wrong intention behind not giving report-2. Hence, I shall challenge the decision of state government at the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Patna bench.\"He said, \"Presently I have been working as an Election Commission observer in Gujarat. I have no idea how could a closed case be reopened in the absence of the officer concerned and, moreover, according to the Election Commission of India (ECI) regulations no state government can take such decision when the officer is working for ECI.\"He added, \"I had not only got a clean chit in the case, but the state government was also ordered by the CAT to grant me promotion. I had filed a case against the Bihar chief secretary and the home secretary for contempt of the order of CAT with the CAT's Patna bench. A hearing would take place in a couple of days.\"\"I had worked as a whistle-blower and exposed scams in the railways when I was posted as the superintendent of rail police in Patna. Contracts worth several crores were awarded to notorious criminals of Bihar during Nitish Kumar's tenure as the railway minister and this new punishment order is a follow-up of the CM's grudge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17437176", "title": "Two Pak-American brothers arrested on terrorism charges in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two American brothers of Pakistani descent have been arrested in Florida for plotting to provide material support to terrorists and to use a weapon of mass destruction within the US.Arrested in Fort Lauderdale in Florida on Thursday the two brothers -- Raees Alam Qazi, 20, and Sheheryar Alam Qazi, 30 - who are naturalized American citizens from Pakistan were produced before a court on Friday, the US authorities said.The charge of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists carries a maximum potential sentence of 15 years in prison; while that of conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction carries a maximum potential sentence of life in prison.From July 2011 the two brothers conspired to provide material support and resources -- including property, services, funding, lodging, communications equipment, personnel and transportation - knowing and intending that this support be used in preparation for and in carrying out a violation of law - namely, a conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction, the indictment alleges.The indictment further alleges that during this time frame the defendants conspired to use a weapon of mass destruction (explosives) against persons and property within the US, the Department of Justice said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17436224", "title": "1.6crore collected from Moore Market shops", "text": "CHENNAI: Cash-strapped Corporation of Chennai has managed to collect 1.62 crore in rent and arrears from traders in Moore Market's Lily Pond Complex in Park Town.Corporation officials said 211 of the 369 traders in the complex paid up over the past two months. \"They got away without paying anything for years,\" a senior corporation official said. \"We plan to collect rent and arrears from other defaulters too.\"He said 158 traders have still not paid rent to the corporation. Once the civic body collects the payments from them, it will add 1 crore to its coffers. The commercial complex, with four floors and 857 shops, was inaugurated in 2008 at an estimated cost of 6 crore. It was built to rehabilitate traders of the old Moore Market, which was gutted in a devastating blaze in 1985. Most of the traders did not pay rent to the corporation for more than a decade.The civic body has charged a monthly rent between 20/sqft and 26/sqft depending on the location. In 2003, it reduced the rates to between 5/sqft and 8/sqft after traders petitioned the corporation, asking it to lower the rents.\"Only a few of the original allottees still do business in the complex,\" the official said. \"Some traders have transferred the licence to legal heirs and others have sold it. There are several unauthorised traders in the complex.\" Some shops are locked up or used as storerooms but the traders using them have not paid rent.Several customers say they are scared to go inside the complex because it is full of shady characters and illegal traders. Many hawkers have set up temporary shops next to the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435191", "title": "Around 40% states still have more than 5% as stamp duty", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) audit into Centre's urban renewal programme - Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) -- has shown that 40% of states and Union Territories have failed to rationalize stamp duty to 5% for property registration. The defaulting states include Delhi, Haryana, West Bengal, Karnataka, Kerala and Chhattisgarh.High stamp duty discourages property registration at actual or market value and thereby increases scope of black money in the realty sector.As per JNNURM norms, stamp duty was to be brought down to 5% or less, including surcharges by local municipal bodies, during implementation of the programme. \"It was expected that a reduction in the rate would help develop a healthy real estate market, by providing a boost to the economy, and reduce black money. It was expected that reduction in stamp duty rates would lead to an increase in revenue both for the states and urban local bodies,\" the report said.The CAG found that out of 30 states/UTs selected for scrutiny, only 16, including Andhra Pradesh, Chandigarh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan had either 5% or less as stamp duty.The report mentioned that in the case of Uttarakhand, stamp duty was reduced to 5% for men and 3.5% for women. On the contrary, in Haryana, stamp duty is 7% (5% plus 2% as local body surcharge) for men and 5% for women, including 2% surcharge for local bodies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434800", "title": "Special train for Bangalore, Patna", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To clear passenger rush , railways has decided to run a special train between Bangalore and Patna.Train numbers 6513/6514 will ply between Bangalore and Patna. It will depart from Bangalore at 10:10am and reach Jolarpat at 12:23pm, Arrakonam at 2:30pm, Chhenai Central at 3:50pm, Gutur at 6:43pm, Nellore at 7:10pm, Angol at 8:33pm, Vijaywada at 10:55pm, Khammam at 00:24am, Warrangal at 1:53am, Zamigunta at 2:42 pm, Sirpur Kagaz Nagar at 4:24 am, Ballarshah at 6am, Chandrapur at 6:26am, Sewagram at 8:14am, Nagpur at 10:20am, Betul at 1:28pm, Itarsi at 4:55pm, Jabalpur at 9:40pm, Katni at 11:05pm, Satna at 00:35am, Manikpur at 2:08am, Chheoki at 3:40am, Mirzapur at 4:45am, Mughalsarai at 6:10am, Baksar at 7:39am, Ara at 8:41am, Danapur at 9:12am and terminate at Patna after traversing a journey of two days at 9:50am.During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at 8:10pm and reach Danapur at 8:35pm, Ara at 9:05am, Baksar at 10pm, Mughalsarai at 11:32pm, Mirzapur at 00:58am, Chheoki at 2:10am, Manikpur at 3:48am, Satna at 5:35am, Katni at 6:55am, Jabalpur at 8:40am, Itarsi at 12:55pm, Betul at 3:01pm, Nagpur at 6:25pm, Sewagram at 7:57pm, Chandrapur at 9:49pm, Ballarshah at 10:40pm, Sirpur Kagaz Nagar at 00:04am, Zamigunta at 1:45am, Warrangal at 3am, Khammam at 4:33am, Nellore at 10:35am, Gutur at 11:55am, Chennai central at 2:20pm, Arrakonam at 3:43pm, Katpadi at 4:48pm, Jolarpat at 5:57pm and terminate at Bangalore at 9pm.The train will depart from Banagalore end on December 4 and from Patna end on December 6. The train will have one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier and 14 sleeper coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436412", "title": "Holes in Lingaraju case probe cited", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday suggested to the state government to appoint a special public prosecutor in the RTI activist Lingaraju murder case. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked the government advocate to look into this aspect after Hashmath Pasha, amicus curiae, pointed to certain lapses in the police investigation and advised for setting up a special investigation team.Culprits may escape\"There has been an attempt to shield the politicians. The politician (Govindaraju) is named as suspect-accused . His wife, corporator Gowramma's name does not even figure in the accused list. The area is thickly populated and not even one eye witness statement has been recorded. Also, the cell phone records of Govindaraju are not there. The deceased had filed a complaint before the Lokayukta police on June 25 and is said to have received threatening calls after the Lokayukta raided Gowramma's residence. Further, whatever seized was also not reported to the magistrate . Therefore, the incriminating evidence may get diluted and the real culprits may escape,\" Hashmath Pasha explained.At this juncture, the bench wanted to know why the corporator was not made an accused in the FIR. The bench then asked the amicus curiae to suggest an advocate having the acumen, integrity and (who) would not succumb to pressure for being appointed as special public prosecutor. Pasha spoke about bringing a mechanism/or law to protect RTI activists and whistle blowers.DGP's affidavitOn the court's direction, Lalrokhuma Pachau, the DG &amp; IG of the state, has filed a status report. He has stated that the victim Lingaraju had filed a case against Govindaraju in 2010 for threatening him and the case was closed by Chamarajpet police after filing a B report. The court had treated media reports on the brutal hacking of RTI activist Lingaraju in Vittalnagar area in Chamrajpet on November 20 as a suo motu PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436325", "title": "It's up to ICC to make Tests attractive: Shane Warne", "text": "Shane Warne believes Test cricket is doing fine but ICC must step in to promote it among the younger lot and make them like it. He talks to TOI exclusively on day-night Tests, DRS, IPL and a range of other topics...The last 12 months have seen exciting Test cricket. So is Test cricket really dying?It's funny how everybody wants to come out there and save Test cricket and everyone feels something needs to be done about it. I don't think there's much wrong with it right now. Why look far behind, look at the last 12 months. We've seen pretty good Test cricket. So, yes, the format is doing fine. To me Test cricket is number one and it will always be.Where do you stand on T20?Everyone wants a quick fix. The format is always going to be a hit among people with little patience. It's short, which is its USP. I may want to take my girlfriend out for dinner, watch a game of cricket, come back home, all in an evening and that is possible. It's a package and that's the beauty of T20. There's space for both formats.And ODIs?Of all the three formats, One-Day cricket is the one in real danger. It's somewhere in the middle of these two and unless we're talking about the World Cups, appetites have diminished.Day-Night Tests have been given the official go ahead...What is a Day-Night Test? I'm not into that. To me, Test cricket is played under the sun where natural elements play a role in defining the game.But the younger generation doesn't find the longer format all that entertaining?It's up to the captains to make Test cricket more interesting and entertaining. The whole idea of trying to win a Test match at all costs is what is going to keep the game interesting and spectators excited. If the players play to entertain, people will watch. It gets frustrating only when teams don't try to win and settle for draws. That makes it boring. There's a difference in mentality between trying to win and trying not to lose. That is where the success to Test cricket lies.What about the players? Could Test cricket still be top priority for them?Who says \"hey look, he's a great Twenty 20 cricketer.\" No one talks about \"oh, so who's the greatest Twenty20 cricketer ever.\" Test cricket will always be around because that's the No. 1 form of the game that players love. You're ability as a cricketer is judged from how you perform in the Tests because that is the hardest.Then why are spectators dwindling?A cricketer today ends up playing 15 to 20 Tests a year, 40 to 50 ODIs, ten-odd T20s. Then there are tournaments like IPL and Big Bash that pack the rest of the calendar. At some point, fans and spectators will take their pick. You won't see them turning up for each and every match. But if you have lesser cricket, more people will come. There are other dynamics like TV rights and financial pressures. But my philosophy is 'Let's say if you're doing a sponsorship thing, you don't want to be doing 10 things for x amount of money. You'd rather do three things, charge good money, and do them well.'And how do you do that?I'd say the ICC really has to look at the Future Tours Program (FTP) and not put in too much cricket. Having said that, playing club cricket is a choice for the players. IPL, for instance, is a great export for cricket. But make no mistake. Players understand that Test cricket is the pinnacle as much as they know IPL is where the money is. The ICC has to understand the players' point of view. If they create a window for the IPL and BCCI ensures that the tournament is run well, then it is a winwin for everybody.So the IPL must be crunched...The IPL is played over six weeks. If the BCCI can cram it into four to five weeks and play triple headers and double headers to make it quicker, it makes the window shorter which in turn will make it easier for every other board to plan their international schedule around it in a better manner. I'm sure all ICC has to say is 'in the month of April and May there is no international cricket'. Everyone knows that during that time the IPL is played, everyone knows that everyone wants to play the IPL and there's nothing wrong with that. In turn, it will help the players plan the season better, take a short break after the IPL and then get back to their respective international schedule.The BCCI is being held as a culprit for prioritizing T20 over Tests...If you ask players around the world, they'll say that's (Test cricket) their main goal because they know that is where they'll be judged. But that will happen only when the schedule is balanced and there is a window for tournaments like IPL. If that happens, people won't point fingers at the BCCI, which seems to be the trend right now. I think it's unfair the way people criticize the BCCI. It is for the ICC to make Test cricket more attractive. Make the younger generation begin to like it.Just because the BCCI has financial muscle, its opinion on a particular subject is often seen as arm-twisting tactics. Is it fair?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436546", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t sell CHB flats with bylaw violations\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) has prohibited sale and transfer of CHB flats unless owners remove structures in violation of building bylaws. The move comes after residents continued to modify houses even after the CHB allowed a series of need-based changes. House owners want more covered area in the backyard, space for garage and balconies on upper stories.A recent CHB order said, \"No objection certificate for sale, conversion from leasehold to freehold and execution of conveyance deed will be done only after taking into account the latest inspection report by the enforcement staff with regard to misuse of the building.\"The CHB notified 40 amendments to different categories of houses in March, 2010. Residents of these houses were told to submit applications to the Chandigarh Housing Board to obtain comprehensive drawings for all categories of houses to avail benefits of amendments and get them regularized.In 2010, the Chandigarh Housing Board requested the UT urban planning department to allow need based changes in houses. However, the urban planning department did not respond to the request.After waiting for word from the UT for more than a month, CHB decided to return the applications along with the money deposited by allottees. Sources said more than 55 applications have been sent back and the CHB has stopped entertaining new demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435800", "title": "New save girl child campaign in state soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Influential persons would be roped in to spread the message of 'save girl child' for the medical health and family welfare department's soon to be launched 'social movement' for the cause across the state.The department will prepare a special action plan to launch the social movement soon. In a meeting for the Pre-conception Pre-Natal and Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994 held on Thursday, health minister A A Khan expressed the need of the social movement as cases of female feticide and female infanticides are still being reported from different parts of the state.Khan said all those who are respected and who can influence the common should spread the message of saving the girl child. Religious heads, social leaders, political leaders or any other influential persons must be roped-in to make people aware about the ill effects of female feticide and infanticide, he said. The department is aiming to launch the social movement with the help of district collectors.The basic idea behind the movement is to step up efforts to change the mindset of the people towards the girl child. In the recent past, the health department has intensified its fight against female feticide by conducting raids at sonography centres. It has also taken strict actions against violators of the PCPNDT Act. Besides taking strict actions against violators of PCPNDT Act, the department decided to make the people aware so that they are not involved in female feticide and sex selection.Moreover, the department has decided to make children and youth aware about 'save the girl child' campaign. Khan also expressed the need to include a chapter in textbooks on the 'save girl child'. The meeting also talked about making the save girl child campaign popular in universities. \"The idea behind targeting schools and universities is that there is a need to take the awareness specially among youths. It will be youths who could change the mindset of society on the issue,\" a health department official said.For the awareness campaign, the health department has recently introduced four 'Hamari Beti Express' (HBE) vans in the state. These four vans have audio-video facilities which are being used to show films on save the girl child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433755", "title": "Supreme Court notice to govt on PIL over Aadhar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to examine the legal sanctity behind the much hyped Aadhaar cards being prepared by the Unique Identification Authority which will be the sole proof for the government's scheme for direct transfer of cash to a poor person's account.A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar issued notice to the Centre on a PIL by a retired judge of Karnataka high court, K S Puttaswamy, who alleged that the government, by going ahead with distribution of UID numbers and cards to citizens, was bypassing Parliament which was still considering a bill on this issue.The PIL said collection of personal data by the government not only violated the citizen's fundamental right to privacy but was also an executive act in overreach of Parliament, where National Identification Authority of India Bill, 2010, was still pending for consideration.Senior advocate Anil Divan questioned the grant of UID numbers and Aadhaar cards to illegal migrants at a time when the bill was pending before Parliament and its standing committee had rejected the bill in its report. The PIL requested the court to restrain the government from issuing UID numbers and Aadhaar cards till Parliament took a decision on the bill.When the bench said Parliament could debate the standing committee's report and decide not to accept it, Divan said this could happen only through a informed debate on the floor of Parliament and the government could not have pre-empted the outcome of the debate through an executive action.The petitioners, Justice Puttaswamy and another, said they had ascertained that the Unique Identification Number Project proposed to give UID numbers not only to citizens but also illegal migrants pursuant to a scheme framed by the government through an executive order of January 28, 2009.Referring to several judgments of the Supreme Court on right to privacy of a citizen guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution, the petitioners said, \"Collecting biometric information as a condition precedent for the issue of Aadhaar card is an invasion of right to privacy of citizens and thereby this can only be done by a law enacted by Parliament and hence, beyond the executive power.\"The petitioners asked, \"Can executive power be used in a manner so as to make legislative power redundant or in other words, whether by the exercise of executive power, the executive can circumvent Parliament?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal/ujjain", "code": "17436898", "title": "Woman killed by bros for honour, husband critical", "text": "BHOPAL/UJJAIN: In yet another case of honour killing in Madhya Pradesh , a 25-year-old woman was brutally murdered by her brothers and nephews in a full public view, in a village at Shajapur district on Thursday night.The deceased had rushed to rescue her husband from her brothers.It is learnt that the accused chopped the arm of the woman with a sword before inflicting multiple wounds on the body with knives and iron rods. Several businessmen and local residents stood mute spectators to the brutal killing. The husband of the deceased is battling for his life at a hospital in Indore, said police.\"It's a clear case of honour killing and we have launched a hunt for the accused,\" said Upendra Jain, inspector general of police (IGP) Ujjain range. The incident took place at Badod village, 80 kilometers from the district headquarters. After eight years of affair Vinu Kunwar eloped with Jitendra Tailor (28) amid protest from her family and married him at Arya Samaj Temple in 2011.They returned to their village six months ago with their five-month old daughter. Jitendra earned his livelihood though a pan kiosk he owned at Gandhi Chowk Bazar. At around 8 pm, Vinu's brothers Kushal Singh, Bhahdur Singh, Jagdish Singh and their children Lal Singh and Ravi attacked Jitendra while he was at his Apan kiosk. Later they attacked and killed Vinu while she came to Jitendra's rescue. \"Despite being a busy market area, no one came to their rescue. Jitendra's father Kanihiyalal who tried to intervene was also attacked and injured. The accused left the spot thinking couple was dead,\" said police.Police reached the spot after 20 minutes and rushed them to district hospital Ujjain. While Vinu was declared dead by doctors at around 12.30 am, Jitendra was referred to Indore for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435440", "title": "State tops the Aids chart", "text": "HYDERABAD: With an estimated 4.24 to 5.96 lakh HIV positive people, Andhra Pradesh accounts for the highest number of People Living with HIV/Aids (PLHAs) across states in the country. Revealing these grim statistics on the eve of World Aids Day, observed on December 1, experts on Friday rued how the HIV epidemic continues to be a major public health challenge in the state.Within AP, Kadapa tops the chart owing to the widespread HIV prevalence among pregnant women and is closely followed by East Godavari, Karimnagar, Guntur, Krishna and Mahbubnagar districts.In Hyderabad, the prevalence rate is around 0.75%, which is only marginally lesser than the state average of 0.77%, statistics revealed. While officials of AP State Aids Control Society (APSACS) maintain that the number of new infections reported from the state has dropped from 25,749 in 2008 to 23,905 in 2009, they say that AP still has a long way to go before it can weed out the issue and see a significant decline in HIV cases.Among High Risk Groups (HRGs) too, doctors indicate, the HIV rate has seen a considerable drop. Between 2006 and 2009, the number of people infected have come down by an approximate 23%. According to recent statistics, currently the prevalence rate is 7.1% among female sex workers, 10.1% among men having sex with men, 3% among injectable drug users and 3.2% among long distance truckers.\"AP has been disproportionately impacted by HIV/Aids epidemic as one-fifth of the estimated PLHAs in the country are from here,\" said Dr Jaya Krishna, state epidemiologist, APSACS, which has 4.02 lakh HIV positive cases registered with it. Experts also stressed on the need for integrated service to treat HIV and TB simultaneously as Tuberculosis , they said, was the leading killer of people tested positive for HIV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17434645", "title": "Evening courts: Punjab, Haryana seek Centre's nod to divert funds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the concept of morning and evening courts evoking a lukewarm response, Punjab and Haryana governments have sought Union law ministry's nod for diverting the fund meant for setting up these courts.Haryana has sought diversion of Rs 50 crore for setting up 100 additional courts and strengthening of existing infrastructure like video-conferencing enabled courts. Punjab has sought diversion of Rs 54 crore for hiring judicial officers. Home secretaries of both the states conveyed this to department of justice secretary D K Sekri during a meeting held here last week.With a view to bring down pendency of cases, the Union law ministry had come up with the concept of morning and evening courts in 2010. The 13th finance commission had earmarked the funds for the scheme ending 2014. The Centre's plan was to hold courts after and before the normal court hours to dispose of pending cases. This scheme was opposed by the lawyers.Haryana was allocated Rs 61.61 crore. Till May 31, Haryana government spent Rs 7.02 crore by setting up 49 such courts against the target of 100. Home secretary Samir Mathur said going by the response the scheme may not need more than Rs 9 crore in the coming months, hence the state government proposed fund diversion.Punjab home secretary D S Bains said, \"What we have requested is to allow us to hire retired judicial officers, subordinate judicial officers and their staff to be housed in separate buildings within the cities or districts.''However, Punjab lawyers reiterated their opposition to the concept of evening courts. \"A steering committee comprising members of various bars formed in this regard has decided that all the bar associations of the state continue to boycott the courts on Saturday and the evening courts as well,\" said Gurvinder Singh Sodhi, general secretary, district bar association, Ludhiana.The total pendency of cases in the subordinate courts of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh is around 8.50 lakhs, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17436623", "title": "SC panel suggests sea-based incineration of Carbide waste", "text": "BHOPAL: After outrage and protests against land-based incinerating of 350-metric ton toxic waste lying in the abandoned Union Carbide factory here, the Supreme Court appointed monitoring committee for medical rehabilitation of Bhopal gas victims has recommended offshore incineration of the hazardous waste to the state government.\"It is an out-of-the-box idea which would not outrage people who are against land-based incineration. Alternatively, what we have suggested is a sea-based incineration,\" said Purnendu Shukla, member for the monitoring committee.The monitoring committee chairman Dr H H Trivedi had sent the recommendation to state chief secretary R Parsuram. Earlier in September, the state government had called for recommendations for disposal of toxic waste from Union Carbide premises.Suggesting the alternatives, the committee strongly recommended \"sea-based incinerator off the coast of Odisha in the Bay of Bengal, close to the missile testing range of Balasore. It states, \"The incineration on a floating platform, can be anchored some 20 km off the coast, preferably in areas where the wind direction is towards sea and not land.\"Reacting to the idea of sea-based incineration, gas activist Satinath Sarangi said, \"The incineration of waste should best be left to the experts to deal with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17436900", "title": "26 cases heard at State Women's Commission", "text": "RAIPUR: Harassment and marital discord cases dominated the hearings at the State Women's Commission, Raipur district. About 30 cases came up for hearing at State Women's Commission (SWC) from Raipur district on Friday here.SWC chairperson R Vibha Rao and Sheela Tiwari, member SWC resolved two cases of family scuffle while the other cases which were new, were called for the next hearing. Eleven cases pertained to harassment and quarrels among couples and family were the maximum.State Women's Commission will hold public hearings in various parts of the state next month for redressing women's problems. The commission would hold its hearing in Bilaspur on December 20, Korea on December 21, SArguja on December 23, and Jashpur on December 24. The commission is planning to organize a camp to urge the district police to get sensitive towards complaints from women. Talking to TOI, Vibha Rao said, \"It would be a one day affair wherein the commission would invite all the senior police officials and insist upon them to deal with the women complainants sensitively. Many times, police doesn't lodge FIR against the rape cases or assault and harass women. Sometimes they even arrest the women at night which is against the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17436947", "title": "Notification on 5 quota for Special Backward Class issued", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Friday issued a notification granting 5 reservation to five castes under the Special Backward Class (SBC) category.The reservation for the SBC is outside the existing total of 49 reservation for different socially backward communities in the state and was cleared by the cabinet two days ago.The Cabinet's decision had raised many eyebrows, including from the Gujjar community, as a similar decision during the erstwhile BJP government - that led to the drafting of the Rajasthan SC, ST, Backward Classes and Economically backward Classes (reservation of seats in educational institutions in the state and of appointments in services under the state) Bill - was ultimately challenged in high court leading to a stay in the reservations.The Act had provided for 5 reservation to SBC and 14 to Economically Backward Classes (EBC) taking the total reservation in the state for all backward communities to 68.This time however the Congress government, while granting 5 reservation to SBC taking the total reservation in the state to 54, has made provisions for referring the quota demand for the economically poor to the Rajasthan State Economically Backward Classes Commission, to be constituted soon.This time the Congress government has complied with the court orders of collecting quantifiable data, through the Israni Commission report, for justifying the total reservation in the state beyond 50.According to the notification, 5 reservation will be made for SBCs, comprising five communities.CM slams media for 'misreporting'Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday came down heavily against a section of media for publishing reports without corroborating facts regarding the OBC Commission report on awarding quota to Gujjar community in government jobs and admissions in government institutions. \"A section of media reported wrongfully that the commission has recommended bifurcation of the OBC category to award quota to Gujjars. To prove their wrongful news, the same media has published several other reports, which are far from truth. And there are certain people, who have forced words in the mouth of the Commission chairperson (Israni),\" said Gehlot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436951", "title": "Loadshedding to continue in state", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Loadshedding in the state will continue till further orders from the state electricity regulatory commission. The commission will decide on the state electricity board's request for more power restrictions to tide over the power and money crunch after a public hearing here on December 10.\"Loadshedding in the state shall continue until further orders as per the existing pattern. The evening loadshedding shall be changed from 6 pm to 10 pm as requested by the KSEB. The commission shall review the matter at an appropriate time,'' the commission said in an official statement here on Friday. The KSEB had submitted a report on the power position in the state on Thursday and requested for permission to continue loadshedding till the end of June 2013 or till the power situation improves, whichever is earlier.It had informed the commission that it could incur a huge additional liability to the extent of Rs 2626.20 crore for 2012-'13 on account of the reduction in hydel generation due to monsoon failure and consequent increase in energy demand, excessive increase in the energy price of energy exchanges, etc. Of this, Rs 1193.22 crore is the additional liability likely to be incurred from December 2012 to March 2013. The KSEB would not be able to meet the financial crisis even if the commission permits collection of surcharge from the second quarter of 2013-'14, it said.The board wants it to be allowed to limit the electricity consumption by bulk consumers to 75% of their average consumption and to collect the actual cost of power for the rest 25%. The actual cost of power would be between Rs 11 and 12. For domestic consumers, the board has sought permission to limit the consumption under present tariff rate to maximum 200 units/month. For those who use beyond 200 units, the charges should be on par with the actual cost incurred by the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438935", "title": "Jessica Biel takes inspiration from life", "text": "Actress Jessica Biel , who will soon be seen in movie \"Playing For Keeps\", says she she takes inspiration from her real life situations to improvise her reel characters.Biel, 30, recently tied the knot with actor Justin Timberlake in Italy, and says using her off-screen experience in movies is like an investment.\"I use my relationships in my real life like my family and friends to inspire what I am doing in films. It is what's happening in your life. So you're investing your experience and pulling from your real life to create a character you know does not exist,\" Biel said in a statement.Meanwhile, the actress hopes for success of \"Playing For Keeps\".\"The one thing that I want at the moment is 'Playing For Keeps' to do extremely well,\" she said.Directed by Gabriele Muccino, the movie also stars Gerard Butler , Uma Thurman and Catherine- Zeta Jones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433512", "title": "2 years after CWG &amp; after 1 year in jail, Lalit Bhanot is IOA boss", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years ago, he faced allegations of graft in the organization of the controversy-ridden Commonwealth Games, which eventually resulted in him spending almost a year in jail. Today, Lalit Bhanot is back as boss of the Indian Olympic Association.Bhanot was the secretary-general of the Commonwealth Games Organising Committee and widely perceived as a close aide of Suresh Kalmadi , who headed the OC. His remarkable comeback - his election as IOA general secretary is a formality as he faces no opponent - tells a tale of backroom intrigue and power politics that saw him partner Haryana politician Abhey Chautala to wrest control of the body.Chautala, who is set to be IOA president, faces trial in a disproportionate assets case while Bhanot has been charged for dodgy CWG deals like hiring a Swiss consultancy for a Rs 70-crore contract along with Kalmadi.The Bhanot-Chautala takeover, apparently with Kalmadi's blessings, shows how power stakes trump party affiliations. Bhanot is seen to be the man who knows how to call a favour or two and work IOA's voting system.Former CWG officials recall Bhanot was widely seen as the man behind Kalmadi, a planner who knew the nuts and bolts of organising a sporting event. \"He would know how tenders worked and who to give consultancies to,\" said a source.The web of patronage may have served CWG bosses well, but India faced a near disaster as the Kalmadi-led OC could not get venues and services ready, forcing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to intervene in August 2010, just a month ahead of the games.Bhanot's unanimous election to the post after all his challengers withdrew, as reported by TOI on Friday, shocked some former athletes. However, his backers, including Chautala - himself a Kalmadi protege - said Bhanot was well within his right to get elected.Chautala defended Bhanot's election saying he is yet to be convicted by a court of law. \"There are many people in our country against whom cases are registered in the courts. There are cases against Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad Yadav and J Jayalalitha. Today the government is surviving because of Mulayam Singh and Mayawati. Until the court decides that he's (Bhanot) guilty, there's no restriction on him fighting the elections,\" Chautala told reporters here.Bhanot, who's a former secretary general of Athletics Federation of India, had filed his nomination papers from the Chautala camp which was in straight contest with outgoing IOA secretary general Randhir Singh. Decks were cleared for his election along with Chautala and two other senior officials on Thursday, the last day for the withdrawal of nominations.All senior contestants of Randhir's camp withdrew nominations, ostensibly protesting against the conduct of the elections according to the sports ministry's Sports Code, as instructed by the Delhi High Court.Bhanot's nomination had created murmurs in IOA circles as it was expected that he would stay away from elections in the wake of the International Olympic Committee's Ethics Commission's letter which called for suspension of Bhanot, Kalmadi and VK Varma from the IOA. In the face of outrage over the Commonwealth Games scam, Kalmadi had in October announced that he would not contest the IOA elections and Bhanot was expected to follow suit.Chautala, without trying to go with the spirit of the Ethics Commission letter, presented the technical side. \"IOC did not send the letter to IOA. It sent it to one member, Jagdish Tytler , who had asked whether Bhanot could contest the elections. The IOC replied to the letter addressing it to Tytler and not to the IOA. The IOC's reply was forwarded by Tytler to everyone from his personal mail id,\" Chautala said.Bhanot's election was criticised by former athlete and vice-president of Clean Sports India (CSI), Ashiwini Nachappa, who said it was against \"ethical practice\" and against the Olympic movement.Meanwhile, Chautala has blamed incumbent secretary general Randhir Singh for misleading the International Olympic Council (IOC) over the election process. \"It was because of his attitude that all sorts of confusions have arisen. Otherwise, things were going on smoothly,\" he told reporters.\"His pullout drama citing violation of IOC charter was an afterthought because he knew he was losing the elections. That is why he sought the help of IOC and forced them to write various letters, including the threat of derecognising/disaffiliating IOA,\" said Chautala.Chautala said that the acting president, VK Malhotra has written to IOC explaining the situation prevailing at this juncture. IOA has also nominated two members to interact with IOC on the issue.Chautala also sought immediate resignation of Randhir Singh as IOC member in India once he ceased to be the secretary-general of IOA. The IOA officials, led by working president VK Malhotra met sports minister Jitendra Singh earlier in the day.\"The minister advised that it would be best if the IOA were to voluntarily accept the Sports Code and amend its constitution accordingly, thus meeting the objections of the IOC as well as obeying the directions of the High Court of Delhi,\" the ministry said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436878", "title": "'Talaash' expected to earn Rs.15 crore on opening day", "text": "From rave reviews to overwhelming footfalls, Aamir Khan's \" Talaash\" has hit the bull's eye, despite the fact it has come out during non-festive season. Trade pundits predict that the film is likely to collect Rs.15 crores on its opening day.Usually, Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan choose to release their films during holiday season in a bid to attract more audiences, however, Aamir defied the norm by releasing \"Talaash\" during a non-festive weekend.If trade pundits are to be believed the film is likely to rake in Rs.15 crores net at the Indian box office on the very first day.The suspense thriller, starring Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor , is expected to beat the opening collections of \"Raaz\" (Rs. 10.50 crore), \"Bol Bachchan\" (Rs 11.75 crore), \"Cocktail\" ( Rs 10.75 crore), \"Raajneeti\" ( Rs 10.50 crore), \"Barfi!\" (Rs 8.5 crore) - which too released on a non-holiday Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434969", "title": "Healthy babies' day out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A healthy baby show was organized at Dufferin hospital under the guidance of superintendent in-charge of the hospital Dr S Nautiyal here on Friday.The event was held as part of the 'Newborn Care Week' being observed under National Rural Health Mission.A total of 52 babies were registered in two age groups- up to one year and one year to five years.Dr Nautiyal and Dr GP Singh, pediatricians at District Women Hospital (Dufferin Hospital) were the judges on the occasion.In the first group, the first prize went to Shreyansh (three and a half months old), the second prize was awarded to Reyan of Baidan tola, and the third prize went to Arpita (3 months old) of Mundera.In the second group, the first prize was given to R Kirat (3) of Kydganj, second prize to Nasreen (2.5) and 3rd prize to Ansh (1.5). Prizes were distributed to the winning babies by Dr Nautiyal.The criteria was disease-free state, age-weight ratio, height, head circumference, body mass Index, milestones covered, immunization status, hygiene, and feeding pattern.On the occasion, doctors advised mothers of the participant babies not to use kajal in the eyes or apply anything on the umbilical cord, or body orifices like ears, nose, eyes and genitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17434156", "title": "Bill on economic offence passed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha on Friday passed a bill that includes economic offences within the ambit of terror acts amid protests from members of the Left, MIM and others who termed the measure as draconian and targeted at minorities and disadvantaged groups.Putting the bill to vote, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde assured the House that the law would not be misused like its precursors POTA and TADA.The bill seeks to expand the definition of \"terrorist act\" to include offences that threaten the country's economic security. The Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Bill, which was passed by voice vote, also extends the period of ban on an organization from two years to five years.The amendments also seek to include procurement of weapons, raising funds for terrorist activities and counterfeiting Indian currency under the definition of a \"terrorist act\".Prabodh Panda (CPI), Saidul Haque (CPM) and Bhartruhari Mahtab (BJD) sought deferment of the bill and pressed for a thorough debate. Asaduddin Owaisi (MIM) opposed the bill claiming it was more draconian than the erstwhile Prevention of Terrorism Act (Pota) and the Terrorist and Disruptive Activities Prevention Act (Tada) and was targeted at minorities, tribals and dalits who had become disenfranchised from the government.Replying to the debate, Shinde assured the House that the government will not misuse the provisions of the Act. He said that when there was uproar over Pota and Tada, it was this very Parliament which had repealed the controversial laws.\"This Act is being amended to bring clarity to the existing legal regime and remove deficiencies identified in its implementation by the central and state intelligence and investigating agencies,\" Shinde said.The amendments also state that the definition of terrorist act would include acts that involve detention, abduction, threats to kill or injure, or other actions so as to compel an international or inter-governmental organization to comply with some demand.They also granted additional powers to courts to provide for attachment or forfeiture of property equivalent to the counterfeit Indian currency involved in the offence or to the value of the proceeds of terrorism involved in the offence. The bill inserts new sections to include offences by companies, societies or trusts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436050", "title": "State Human Rights Commission snubs Lucknow University for slow pace of work", "text": "LUCKNOW: Annoyed with the delay in construction of ramps, railings and specially designed toilets for the physically challenged students at Lucknow University, the State Human Rights Commission has asked the university authorities to expedite the work and complete construction latest by December 17.Expressing deep concern on the laxity shown by the university administrations and the construction agency entrusted with the work, the commission on Friday asked university officials to immediately comply with the order.On August 23, the human rights commission had instructed the university to complete the construction work of railings, ramps and toilets till November 23, which the university has failed to do. On Friday, the university officials were called by the commission where they were directed to finish the work by December 17. The commission has also stated that in the case of non-compliance of the order, stringent action will be taken against the construction company and the university.In fact, the university registrar JB Singh, superintendent of works, JV Vaishampayan, engineer SP Shukla and SD Dwivedi and director, disabled welfare department, government of Uttar Pradesh RB Singh have been asked to be present in person for the explanation.The university has received Rs 28.34 lakh from the state disabled welfare department which was lapsed following lax attitude of the university officials in initiating the construction work.After the intervention of the Human Rights Commission, the university got the money back and hired an agency (of state social welfare department) for constructing ramps, toilets and railings.The work though has begun, but was going on a very slow pace. Seeing this, the human rights commission expressed its anger and asked university officials to complete the work by December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17436523", "title": "Madhusudana wants KSOU meet deferred", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Open University's recruitment process has come under the scanner.The process for the recruitment of 48 teaching faculty has been questioned by BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who is member of the varsity's Board of Management (BoM). The legislator told the varsity on Friday that he has got complaints that corrupt practices were adopted during recruitment.He has also approached the higher education department seeking postponement of a meeting scheduled for December 5. He has pointed out that he, as a legislator, has to attend the session at Belgaum starting from December 5. The meeting has been convened to ratify the appointments, he stated.In his letter to the principal secretary (higher education), the MLC said that the varsity is conducting the interview of candidates though he has sought to put it on hold. \"The BoM meeting has been called in hurry as the VC wants to complete the formalities before he demits the office,\" he said in the letter, which the MLC released to the media. There are four legislators who are members of the BoM, and wanting to attend the session. \"The department should suspend the meeting,\" the MLC has said.The MLC has written a letter to KSOU registrar B S Vishwanath on Friday, asking him to postpone the meeting. He said that he has received complaints of corruption from candidate over phone. D K Shivakumar, Ashwathnarayan and Sandesh Nagaraju are the other three legislators who are the members of the BoM.When contacted, Vishwanath said: \"We've received the letter from the MLC, and are discussing it.\" When asked whether the BoM meetings can be put off, he said it can be done only if there is a lack of quorum.JD(S) legislator Sandesh Nagaraju told TOI that when he checked as to why they have scheduled the meeting on December 5, the varsity told him that the process is ending on December 4.\"I'm attending the session. I don't think I can ask the varsity to put off the meeting just because I'm unable to attend it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436802", "title": "Condom vending machines in disrepair in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though the promotion of condom vending machines got major impetus with the rise in the outbreak of HIV, none of the 25 machines installed within corporation limits are in working condition.When TOI visited some locations where machines were installed, including the corporation office and parking area, town bus stand and railway junctions, many machines were found to be empty, while some were not working and others had been removed.The vending machines were introduced by Tamil Nadu State AIDS Control Society to promote the use of condoms and thereby reduce the risk of HIV/AIDS . However lack of proper maintenance has aroused concerns among NGOs.M Somesh, president, Coimbatore Network of Positive People, an NGO which took the responsibility of maintaining the machines at the time of inception, said \"I don't know how well the machines are maintained now, but at my centre at least 2000 condoms, supplied by the District AIDS Prevention and Control Unit, is being given away free of cost.\"Though the target is the high risk group, including commercial sex workers, the concept works well in increasing general awareness about practising safe sex.R Sumathi, corporation health officer, denied allegations that the machines were not maintained well, saying that they were taking care of the machines.\"I have called for a review meeting with concerned officials during which we will plan a maintenance and tracking scheme,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17433845", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAnonymous\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hacks, vandalizes Sibal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s website", "text": "NEW DELHI: The website of Union Information Technology minister Kapil Sibal was hacked and vandalized, allegedly by a group of hackers called 'Anonymous', on Friday.The group said the minister's website was hacked in protest against the Section 66A of the IT Act, which was recently used to arrest two girls who questioned the Mumbai bandh on Facebook after Bal Thackeray's death. \"Kapil Sibal's site is getting trolled. Links to come up soon. IT Act #66A,\" said Anonymous on Twitter.When contacted, the minister brushed off the incident. \"I don't want to respond to them,\" Sibal said.According to the tweets at the Twitter account of Anonymous India (@opindia_revenge), the hackers modified the content on Sibal's website and uploaded his morphed pictures. On the profile page of the minister, the hackers said, \"Born with below 60 IQ he thought he could mess with the Internet and let the elite of his party suppress freedom of speech.\"Under the 'blogs' category, the hackers wrote, \"Anonymous calls for protests against the draconian IT rules dreamed up by a man commonly known as Kapil (Sibal)... PS: Kapil Sibal - You have zero online presence, you are not fit to pass comments on our Internet... get off my Internet.\"The hackers also provided link to a page illegally hosted at Mizoram government's website that lists the venue of real-world protests Anonymous is planning against the IT Act. Incidentally, the Mizoram website isn't fully functional. While its servers are online, the website will open to public only on December 5.Earlier, a hacker who goes by the name of Anon_251, attacked the website of Shiv Sena after the party called for a bandh in Palghar in protest against government's suspension of policemen who had arrested the two girls. He tweeted, \"#shivsena shut down Mumbai...We have shut down their internet...#ExpectUs #palghar #arrests #bandh.\" After the attack, the Sena site was knocked off the web for several hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435494", "title": "'We lost an avid lover of Urdu'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inder Kumar Gujral, the 12th prime minister of India who passed away on Friday was described by people in Hyderabad as \"the last of the veteran Urdu lovers from united India days\" who had come to Delhi from Lahore during the partition of the country in 1947.\"I would call him the last of the noble souls that represented the culture of undivided Punjab and loved Urdu genuinely,\" noted humour writer Padmashree Mujtaba Hussain said.Gujral headed the Committee for Promotion of Urdu that had been formed by the then PM Indira Gandhi in 1972 to go into ways of bringing back Urdu into schools and administration. He invited Mujtaba Hussain to write a chapter on journalism in the report. The panel which came to be known as Gujral Committee had luminaries of Urdu as its members who toured all over the country for three years and submitted the report to the government. As fate would have it the report was never implemented completely. When Gujral became PM in 1996 he formed a panel headed by poet-critic Al Sardar Jafri to find ways of implementing the report. The Jafri Committee Report too remained on the shelves.Hussain believed that though the report could not see the day of the light Gujral was able to push some of its recommendations. For instance, he said, the formation of Urdu academies in AP and elsewhere and the setting up of the Council for the Promotion of Urdu in Delhi were part of his recommendations.Gujral, a regular visitor to Hyderabad, had good relations with communist leader and freedom fighter Raj Bahadur Gour, poet Maqdoom Mohiuddin, journalists and activists Abid Ali Khan, Mahboob Hussain Jigar, and former State Governor Krishna Kant. Gujral, though a Punjabi wrote in Urdu. The collection of his articles 'Mazameen-e-Gujral' was published by Siasat Urdu daily that was then edited by Abid Ali Khan.When Maulana National Urdu University was formed Gujral became his first chancellor in 1999. Manuu vice chancellor said, in a statement, that formation of the university in Hyderabad was based on the recommendations of the Gujral Committee. \"We have lost an avid lover of Urdu. It is an irreparable loss to the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17438349", "title": "Obama appoints blind Indian-American to key post", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration has announced it is appointing appoint a blind Indian-American to a key administrative post in an independent US agency devoted for people with disabilities.Sachin Dev Pavithran has been appointed as Member, Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board, the White House said, as it announced several other key administration appointments.\"These dedicated individuals bring a wealth of experience and talent to their new roles and I am proud to have them serve in this administration. I look forward to working with them in the months and years to come,\" Obama said in a statement.Pavithran is Program Director of the Utah Assistive Technology Program at Utah State University's Center for Persons with Disabilities, a position he has held since 2011.Before serving as Program Director, he served in a variety of other roles at the Center, including Program Coordinator and Disability Policy Analyst, since joining in 2002.Pavithran has more than 12 years of experience as a consultant on disability police and developing and training users of assistive technology and accessible websites.He serves on the Association of Assistive Technology Act Programs National Board, the Utah State Rehabilitation Council, the Research and Development Committee of the National Federation of the Blind, and the National Multicultural Council of the Association of University Centers for Disabilities.In 2007, the National Federation of the Blind awarded him the Kenneth Jernigan Scholarship. He received a B.A, B.S, and an M.S from Utah State University .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17435666", "title": "Pi eats into Khans' share of pie in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The daring voyage of a youngster on a boat, with a tiger for company, is threatening to spoil the romp of the Khans at the box office.Even as the Khans looked ready to flex their muscles to glory, the heroics of a teenager weathering a stormy Pacific and a hungry carnivore have wooed away a sizable chunk of the audience. Such has been its draw that most multiplexes and single-screen theatres across Kolkata have been compelled to continue with 'Life of Pi' after a packed week that saw occupancy shoot up to 33%, far above the average.The other big Hollywood release of the week - 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn 2', too, has managed to hold on to its ground even as the much-awaited Aamir Khan-thriller 'Talaash' hit the screens on Friday. While it has created a big ripple, eating up a major share of the prime-time pie at multiplexes, 'Life of Pi' and 'Twilight Saga' haven't been edged out completely. In fact, 'Pi' has managed to retain at least two prime-time slots across multiplexes this week, which is unprecedented. What has left many surprised is the fact that neither of the two Hollywood flicks is a superhero movie, nor does either have a big star.\"The last time we saw such a big rush for a Hollywood film was during the release of the last Harry Potter. The norm is to push Hollywood films out of the prime-time slots which are invariably taken up by Bollywood releases. English films are left with two slots - one early in the morning and another late at night. With the Shah Rukh Khan-starrer 'Jab Tak Hain Jaan' still running and 'Talaash' hitting screens with the usual expectations of an Aamir Khan movie, it is indeed surprising that 'Pi' and 'Twilight' are still drawing audiences. At this rate, I would expect them to give 'Talaash' a decent run for its money,\" said a Cinemax spokesperson.The plex at Mani Square will have 15 screenings each day for 'Talaash' while just two for 'Life of Pi'. One will be a prime-time slot between 4 and 6pm. \"But the number of shows was reduced not because 'Life of Pi' was doing bad. In fact, with four shows last week, occupancy rate was on a par with 'JTHJ', which is remarkable. 'Talaash', being a new release, will take up the maximum slots,\" added the spokesperson.At Big Cinemas, 'Life of Pi' made a big splash with a 23% opening last week. It went up to 26% and finally 33% over the last weekend. In comparison, 'JTHJ' opened with 66% occupancy, but soon slid to 20%. 'Pi' had four shows last week and will be down to two from Friday. 'Twilight Saga', too, shall carry on.\"We shall continue with the 'Pi' shows, one of which is on a prime-time 6.40 pm slot. Even the other 10 am show has been doing very well. Despite 'Talaash', we expect a good crowd for both 'Pi' and 'Twilight'. In fact, so far bookings for 'Talaash' have not been satisfactory. The Hollywood flicks are a safe bet now,\" said a Big Cinemas manager.Film-goers are enjoying this rare break from Bollywood. \"Both 'Pi' and 'Twilight' are visual spectacles, apart from having good storylines. People across all age-groups loved them which is rare for Bollywood films. This once again proves that content is the king and stars can't call the shots all the time,\" said Avantika Kapoor, who works for an advertising agency.Class IX student Rajesh Kumar liked 'Talaash', but can't get over 'Pi'. \"The 3D effects were brilliant and the tiger was just fantastic. And it was so different from the regular Bollywood fare,\" he said. Entrepreneur Mohit Gupta agreed. \"There has been a dearth of good Hindi and Bengali films of late. 'Pi' and 'Twilight' hit the screens at a time when the audience was starved. They are outstanding films all the same. You don't always go to see the stars. I am waiting for 'Talaash' but would rather not expect too much,\" Gupta said.Inox regional director Subhasis Ganguli said the reason why multiplexes were continuing with 'Pi' and 'Twilight' was purely commercial. \"They are drawing in the audiences, for they are brilliant films. But it's too early to contemplate if Hollywood films should be given more prime-time slots. We still go by the last week's figures,\" he said.While Inox Forum will continue to have six 'Pi' shows this week, despite 'Talaash' hitting the screens with 14, Inox City Centre will have four 'Pi' shows. Fame South City will continue with its six shows for 'Pi' as well. \"These films don't have a mass appeal, unlike Bollywood flicks. So, let's wait,\" added Ganguli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434725", "title": "State to CEC: Will file criminal proceedings against Rane, Kamat", "text": "PANAJI: The state government informed the Supreme Court's Central Empowered Committee (CEC) that it will file appropriate criminal proceedings against former chief ministers Pratapsingh Rane and Digambar Kamat for allegedly illegally renewing mining leases by condoning delay.TOI has obtained a copy of the 68-page letter sent to the CEC in which it states that following the recommendation of the Shah commission that action be taken against government officials from the mines department, officers, including the former director, have been suspended.\"It is seen that there are two ministers, Pratapsingh Raoji Rane the then chief minister of Goa and Digambar V Kamat, the former mines minister and former chief minister, responsible and have taken these decisions and therefore the state government has already decided to file appropriate criminal proceedings against these politicians of the erstwhile regime under the provision of the Corruption Act/Indian Penal Code and all other offences under the various laws as applicable,\" chief secretary B Vijayan said in the letter.Rane and Kamat had earlier asserted that they had committed no wrong in condoning delays. They said their approval was given only after obtaining legal opinion on the issue.The letter further said there were certain minutes of meetings which are reflected in the state government's records. One of such record is dated April 27, 1989, whereby the state government laid down certain guidelines as regards renewal of mining leases expeditiously in certain cases.\"All-in-all, it is seen that there are several illegalities/irregularities which have taken place and that too, on the proactive participation by the former ministers/chief ministers of the earlier governments including by holding meetings and giving directions which were followed by the officials,\" the letter said.Vijayan further stated that the present government has already decided to initiate action in connection with 42 mining leases and accordingly, all mining leases in which delay was illegally condoned, have been issued show cause notices of termination/cancellation of their leases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435390", "title": "Two dismissed cops fined Rs 50,000 each for fake President's pardon", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 each on two dismissed police personnel who claimed to have received presidential pardon for their convictions in a 1990 custodial death.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sambhaji Shinde also issued a show cause notice to former sub-inspector Dilip Parmar and ex-constable Kantilal Mandole as to why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them. The fine will have to be deposited in court.Assistant public prosecutor Mankunwar Deshmukh informed the court that a proposal to lodge a criminal case for forgery against the duo was pending with the joint commissioner of police. While Mandole is serving his punishment at the Kolhapur central jail, Parmar is \"absconding\", said the prosecutor.The case dates back to 1990 when Parmar, Mandole and five other cops attached to the D N Nagar police station in Andheri (W) were charged with the custodial death of a 26-year-old youth. After the cops were charge-sheeted, their services were terminated. In 1996, a sessions court held the cops guilty and sentenced them to three years in prison. The police personnel were out on bail after spending only a few months. Some of the cops were re-arrested after the high court and the apex court subsequently upheld the convictions.Parmar and Mandole filed petitions in the high court claiming they had sought mercy from the President and were granted pardon in February 2010. The duo has sought reinstatement and all consequential benefits due to them.However, the badly-written \"pardon\" aroused the judges' suspicion, who asked the prosecution to verify the document. The police inquired with the President's office which denied granting any such pardon. The police also informed the court that in 2003, Mandole was accused of forging a letter, which he claimed was written by NCP president Sharad Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17436939", "title": "Left outfits protest Deepak's ouster fromKerala University senate", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The pro-Left organizations of students, teachers and employees took out a march to the secretariat on Friday to protest against the governor's act of removing DYFI leader S P Deepak from the Kerala University senate.The DYFI flayed the move as vindictive politics. \"The UDF government is utilizing even the universities for settling political scores. The government had taken a similar stand towards the former vice-chancellor of MG University Rajan Gurukkal as well,\" DYFI national president and MP M B Rajesh said.The governor, who is also the chancellor of the university, had withdrawn the nomination of Deepak to the university senate, in effect removing him from the syndicate and the three-member committee to elect the new vice-chancellor of the university.CPM politburo member M A Baby inaugurated the march. Apart from SFI and DYFI workers, members from other organizations like All Kerala Private College Teachers' Association, Association of Kerala Government College Teachers and the Kerala University Teachers Association also participated in the protest.The SFI pointed out that nominating members to a body does not mean that they should obey every policy of the ruling front. \"Even in Parliament, the nominated members oppose the government's anti-people policies, but they are not removed. The aim of nominating people to a particular body is to utilize their expertise in the respective field,\" SFI national president V Sivadas said.Meanwhile, the LDF is planning to move court against the government's action. \"The government's new clause, which was invoked to remove Deepak from the senate, is totally undemocratic. The possible reason for Deepak's removal was that he raised slogans in the meeting convened by the Kerala State Higher Education Council. We will approach the court against the governor's decision,\" AKPCTA state secretary K L Vivekanandan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434224", "title": "Power rate hike is 30%, not 9% as MERC said", "text": "NAGPUR: You must be wondering why your electricity bills are suddenly so high this year. Is our electricity meter running fast? Or are we using the heater too much? Perish these thoughts. You are not the only one with abnormally high power bills. All consumers who pay their bills honestly have been hit.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had issued the power tariff order for 2012-13 in August. It had stated that MSEDCL had demanded a hike of 17.5% but it had allowed only 9% increase. When consumers learnt about it through media, they were angry but took it in their stride. Now it turns out that the hike is around 30% and not 9%.The hike is far higher than that stated by MERC because of various surcharges levied by MSEDCL. The Commission did not take these into account while mentioning the 9% figure. So the reality is that MSEDCL demanded 17.5% hike and got 30%.TOI compared the electricity bills of November 2011 and 2012 of some consumers, whose consumption was more or less the same. A resident of Hazaripahad had consumed 49 units last November and got a bill of Rs 216.72, which translates into Rs 4.42 a unit. This year his consumption was 50 units and the bill is Rs 280.79, which translates into Rs 5.62 per unit. The tariff hike in this case is 27%.Those consuming above 500 units are now paying at the rate of over Rs 9 per unit. A Civil Lines resident's bill is Rs 4,889.20 for a consumption of 531 units. Last year, his November consumption was 528 units and the bill was Rs 3,689.28. The rate per unit in the two cases is Rs 9.21 and Rs 6.99, which translates into an increase of 32%.The hike is higher than this in some cases. A Manewada resident had consumed 166 units last November and paid Rs 793.72 at the rate of Rs 4.78 per unit. This year his corresponding consumption is 167 units and the bill is Rs 1,081, which translates into Rs 6.47 per unit. The hike is 35%.Many states like Rajasthan have not increased power tariff for years. MSEDCL has done it every year either through proper tariff order or surcharges. You would expect that MSEDCL's finances are in better shape than that of Rajasthan utility. You would be wrong. Rajasthan is marginally better and both are in the red.The reason for poor financial condition is gross mismanagement and corruption in MSEDCL and energy minister. Subrat Ratho, who had resigned from the post of managing director of Mahagenco, had alleged that he was made to run his plants at lower capacity so that MSEDCL could buy costly power from private companies. Several other scams have rocked MSEDCL in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17436365", "title": "Fitness freak? Over-exercising can harm heart", "text": "LONDON: Too much exercise may damage your heart, doctors have warned, suggesting that rather than adding years to their lives, fitness freaks could be working themselves into an early grave. Experts warn that exercising intensely for more than an hour or two can damage the heart, causing its tissue to stretch, tear and scar and raising the odds of dangerous changes in heart rhythm.\"A routine of moderate physical activity will add life to your years, as well as years to your life. In contrast, running too fast, too far and for too many years may speed one's progress towards the finish line of life,\" doctors said. In the study published in journal Heart, the United States cardiologists James O'Keefe and Carl Lavie also advise that those who want to exercise at full pelt should limit themselves to 30 to 50 minutes a day.They said marathons should be viewed as something to do occasionally or once in a lifetime, rather than a regular challenge, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Two studies recently presented at major medical conferences back up their argument that exercise, like many other things in life, is best done in moderation. Closer analysis of the results revealed the longevity benefits were limited to those who ran between eight and 32 km a week. In contrast, those who ran more than that did not seem to fare any better than non-runners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17433714", "title": "Married off at 11, Maharashtra girl wins battle for education", "text": "AURANGABAD: An 11-year-old girl from a small village in Aurangabad district walked into the Mukundwadi police station a couple of days ago to demand her right to education. Married off six months back to a 17-year-old boy suffering from mental illness, she mustered enough courage to approach the police and register a complaint against the boy and his parents for not allowing her to go to school.The girl's story was a familiar one\u00e2\u20ac\u201dof abject poverty and the skewed nature of society. Apart from this, however, child welfare activists in Aurangabad say it wasn't common to see a girl so young being married off. Last year, they had come across a case of a 14-year-old girl who was forced to marry by her parents. The Mukundwadi police referred the case of the fifth standard girl to the Cidco MIDC police as her village falls under their jurisdiction.The police here handed her over to the city-based Child Welfare Committee (CWC), which immediately got her admitted to a school, where she has started attending classes Thursday onwards.The CWC on Wednesday asked the police to register an offence against the parents of both the girl and the boy within three days. The girls' parents and in-laws are reported to have fled their homes.MIDC Cidco police inspector Ganpat Darade told TOI on Friday that they have recorded the girl's statement. \"She did not face any atrocity from her parents or the boy's parents, though her father, who works as a labourer, is an alcoholic. It was only her desire to continue education that forced her to leave the boy's home,\" he said.Darade said action would be taken against the parents of both the boy and the girl for violating the Prevention of Child Marriage Act. Social organizations and activists too expressed their concern over people mainly from the poor strata of society marrying off their minor children. CWC member Renuka Ghule said the girl was petrified when she came to the police station. \"The police offered her food and water as she looked disoriented and tired. Later, when they took her into confidence, she narrated her story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435930", "title": "Probe into businessman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder stuck", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into the murder of a city businessman hit a wall when the victim's cellphone was recovered from Madhya Pradesh. Police were hoping that the phone would lead them to the killer(s); but it turned out that a labourer had found it abandoned at Sarai Kale Khan and picked it up.The body of the Lodhi Colony based businessman, Chhitarmal Jain, was found in Delhi Cantonment area and his car was found in AIIMS VIP parking on November 2.Three days back, the phone showed signals, however, with a different SIM card. The south district police traced its location to a village in Madhya Pradesh and a team raided the place and nabbed the labourer. His interrogation revealed that he had found the phone on the side of the road while boarding a bus to his village.The investigations are back to square one, said a police officer. \"This is a planned murder where the killer dumped the body at one place, his car at another and the phone at a different location. We are trying to join the dots but haven't got anything substantial yet,\" said an officer.Jain had left home to attend a function on the night of October 26. He was shot dead and his body was found dumped on the road side in an isolated area in Delhi Cantonment area the next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435373", "title": "TRS to launch Palle Baata on Dec 5", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Friday decided to launch 'Palle Baata' on December 5 to intensify Telangana movement, and the party sources said the programme would continue till Sankranti festival which is to be celebrated on 12 January 2013.Chairing a state executive meeting of the party TRS president K Chandrasekhara Rao conferred on preparing the party for the next elections while taking forward the T-agitation.\"The state executive resolved to launch Palle Baata wherein the party leaders would lead the activists in separate groups to visit villages,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a politburo member of TRS.Party MP from Medak Vijayashanti who had stayed away from Suryapet rally held last week leading to speculation that she would quit the party attended the state executive meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jagatsinghpur", "code": "17436780", "title": "Anna Hazare throws weight behind anti-Posco stir", "text": "JAGATSINGHPUR: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Friday took up cudgels for villagers opposing the Posco project and decried the state government's attempts to hand over 4,000 acre of land near Paradip to the South Korean steel major.\"Instead of a policy to ensure the rights of farmers and make use of our natural resources, the government is busy appeasing and promoting foreign companies,\" Anna told a farmers' rally organised by Nava Nirman Krusaka Sanghathan here.He also criticized the Centre for allowing FDI in retail and called for a review of the decision. Hazare said the British had come as traders to India and ruled over us for 200 years. After independence, we accepted democracy. And if the people of this country are opposed to FDI in retail, the government should respect their wishes. Problems faced by farmers cannot be solved by bringing foreign currency into India, he said, adding that laws need to be changed for their betterment.He exhorted the youths to participate in the second freedom struggle. \"Be prepared to go to jail and fill up all prisons in the country,\" Anna said.He urged farmers to organize themselves and compel the government to make laws for their welfare. \"My agitation is not against a particular political party. The common man is finding it difficult to survive and there is an urgent need to curb corruption. We will never accept a weak Lokpal. What is the use of a law that will fail to eliminate corruption?\" he questioned.Anna also called for strengthening the peasant movement in the run-up to the next Parliament election. \"I will canvass for the clean candidates of Aam Adami Party formed by Arvind Kejriwal in the ensuing election,\" he said.Criticising Prime Minister for his alleged pro-capitalist policies, he said Dr Manmohan Singh 's policies seem inclined towards appeasing big companies as a yardstick for measuring economic development, while Gandhiji had put thrust on rural economy.Anna said he would tour the country extensively for one-and-a-half years from January next year and awaken the people to the need to stand up against corrupt politicians and practices.Anna expanded the ambit of his fight on the Lokpal Bill to include electoral reforms and a farmer-friendly land acquisition law. Anna said: \"This fight should not stop at Lokpal. We have to remove the faults in the present electoral norms which allowed 163 criminals to reach the Parliament. There is a need for a law that ensures permission of gram sabhas before acquiring farmers' land.\" More than 15,000 peasants had flocked to ground for a glimpse of Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17434550", "title": "Pope appoints Couto Delhi's archbishop", "text": "PANAJI: Vatican radio announced on Friday that Pope Benedict XVI has appointed Anil Joseph Thomas Couto, bishop of Jalandhar, as archbishop of the prestigious archdiocese of Delhi, where he was auxiliary bishop from January 17, 2001 till February 24, 2007, when he took charge of his Jalandhar assignment.Couto, who hails from Pomburpa in Bardez, was born on September 22, 1954, and in 1967 joined the minor seminary of Our Lady, Saligao-Pilerne, for preparatory studies for priesthood. He completed his philosophy at the patriarchal seminary of Rachol, before he joined the Delhi diocese in 1977.Couto completed his theology at Vidya Jyothi, Delhi, in 1981 and was ordained priest on February 8, 1981. He was appointed rector of Gurukul minor seminary in Gorgao in 1988, and subsequently as rector of the Pratiksha seminary in 1989. In 1991, Couto was sent to Rome for higher studies.On returning to India, he was appointed as episcopal vicar in 1999 and auxiliary bishop of Delhi on January 17, 2001. He now returns to Delhi as its archbishop.\"The archdiocese of Goa and Daman proudly congratulates the new incumbent and offers prayers for success in this new endeavour,\" states a press note issued by the diocesan centre for social communications media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17434842", "title": "Allahabad Universit evicts illegal inmates from girls hostels", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University conducted physical verification drive at Sarojini Naidu and Shatabadi girls hostels on Friday.As per the announced schedule, chief proctor Prof MA Tiwari along with dean student welfare Prof RK Singh and women cops arrived at Women Hostel campus and started the verification drive at Sarojini Naidu hostel.The raiding team examined the documents of the girl inmates and found that almost all of them were staying illegally. The authorities created around 45 seats in the hostel which will be allotted to girls.Next, AU authorities moved to Shatabadi girls hostel. A total of 43 seats were created at the hostel. Those who were asked to vacate their rooms included research scholars who had overstayed at the hostel.University officials will conduct raid at Priyadarshani hostel on Saturday. The hostel has more than 80 vacancies after which the first round of raids would be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438886", "title": "She\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the man!", "text": "Guys in bikinis &amp; girls in tuxedos. It's a brave new world of fashionNo quivering lips. No heaving bosoms. The latest trends to arrest the fashion world are square jaws and boyish builds. It's the women who are wearing the pants on global runways and boy, are they wearing them well. In a gender-bender coup of sorts, Saskia de Brauw, Dutch artist and model, 31, has been chosen as the new face of Yves Saint Laurent Paris' latest collection of menswear. In a series of brooding black and white images, Saskia looks like a pre-pubescent pageboy, wearing a biker jacket, white shirt, slim tie and blazer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d part of the brand's ad campaign.However, she's not the first girl to model for menswear line. Before her, comes the 35-year-old Casey Legler from New York who's been signed on by Ford Modelling Agency as a 'male' model. Strong jawbones, lanky builds, cropped hairstyles and six-feet-plus heights seem to work in favour of these women who have embraced their new-found roles with a classy nonchalance. In an interview to an American magazine, Casey said that the way we identify ourselves as men and women can be limiting. \"Seeing me on the men's board speaks about a certain notion of freedom.\"Girls like Saskia and Casey have men like Andre Pejic and Stav Strashko for company in this world of glamour that's not just forwardthinking but cares two hoots about strict gender roles. You had seen Andre, the Bosnian-Australian supermodel, on our pages right after he was signed up by a Dutch lingerie brand. Stav, on the other hand, had stunned all with his advert for a car company that features him only in bikini bottoms. His sinuous back and seductive gait giving nothing away about his sexuality.Androgyny is a word hallowed in the fashion mahal these days and designers across the globe are giving their own personal twists to the masculine-feminine tale. In 2010, Lea T, a Brazilian transsexual model, was made the face of fashion house Givenchy . Discovered by senior designer, Riccardo Tisci , she then went on to feature in fashion glossies and even on a cover where she was shown kissing Kate Moss . Models such as Agyness Deyn , Stella Tennant and closer home, Tamara Moss, are turning staid gender straightjackets on their heads, proving that their bodies can fill out couture gowns yet make tuxedos and brogues look sexy. And nobody's complaining as long as the dresses look fierce and the pants look smart!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17436114", "title": "Navy, Air Force plan patrol of Indian Ocean littoral", "text": "KOCHI: The Navy will work with the Air Force to cast a strategic net over Indian Ocean Region (IOR) to counter the increasing presence of Chinese Navy in the area. More assets will be deployed in the area. The fleet will be strengthened by adding 12 more ships. The AF is also focusing more on the IOR.\"The operations of our joint strike force will be better co-ordinated and deployed,\" said flag officer commanding-in-chief of Southern Naval Command vice-admiral Satish Soni.The Navy has already invested considerable interest in developing the Andaman and Nicobar Island as a major build-up destination. Its air station INS Baaz is operational in Great Nicobar where IAF has a fighter base.On the restrictions imposed on the movement of traditional fishing craft near the LNG terminal and Vallarpadam Transhipment Terminal, the vice-admiral said Navy would initiate discussions with authorities concerned to resolve the issue. \"We've highlighted the need for sanitising the area. But we don't want fishermen to face any hardship. We respect them and it is our job to protect their rights,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435397", "title": "Transgender, sex workers to help draft women policy", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, members from the marginalized sections of transgenders and commercial sex workers will help draft the state's women policy. State minister for women and child Varsha Gaikwad told TOI, \"The state women's policy aims to recognize the concerns of communities like the transgenders and sex workers. Hence, the expert committee reviewing the policy will have a representation from these communities.\"At a consultation organized by the state women and child development department on Thursday, Gaikwad asked NGOs working with transgenders and commercial sex workers to forward the names of three members who could be included in the expert committee.\"This is the third review of the policy after 1994 and 2001. We want it to be ready to be presented to the state cabinet by January 3, which is the birth anniversary of Savitabhai Phule,\" the minister said.A committee comprising members of Parliament, legislative assembly and non-governmental sector has already been formed for the review exercise. \"Now, we will expand the committee to include three representatives from the transgenders and the sex workers in order to ensure that their concerns get reflected in the policy document,\" she added.In a press statement, transgender rights activist Laxmi Tripathi hailed the move as a historic step and urged the minister to emulate the measures taken by the Tamil Nadu government to constitute a transgender welfare board. The review was necessitated after women's groups pointed out that the 2001 draft did not cover many aspects of reducing discrimination against women.The state has asked NGOs working with transgenders and commercial sex workers to forward the names of three members who could be included in the expert committee that will review the women's policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435056", "title": "Non-payment of vehicle rent forces nuisance detection squad to shut shop", "text": "AURANGABAD: The much-touted project of Nuisance Detection Squad (NDS) of the AMC, established to penalise those who throw garbage on city roads, suffered a major blow when it was halted due to shortage of funds. Non-payment of rent of the vehicles used by the squad has forced the authorities to keep the project on hold.Administrative officer of the corporation Vithal Dhake said, \"As the owner of the vehicles used by the squad did not get the rent for two months, he refused to offer services. This has paralysed the movement of the squad.\" Dhake said that higher authorities were informed about the situation, but no arrangement has been made so far.The corporation had appointed special ex-servicemen for the squad. They were given Rs 3,000 honorarium per month along with an incentive of 20% of the total fine collected by them. In the month of November, when the squad could function only for about eight days before being forced to close shop, the squad had collected about Rs 18,000 in fine.Now, because of the lack of facilities available with the corporation, the ex-service men are on the verge of losing their jobs. When questioned, a member said the AMC had paid the honorarium for last month; but it was not enough. \"Our main earning depends on the fine,\" he said on the condition of anonymity.Earlier, when the project was initiated, there were four squads with four members each including an ex-serviceman, a sanitary inspector, a lady employee of the corporation and one police constable. These were sent on inspections thrice during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17436369", "title": "1 killed, another ends his life", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police found the body of an unidentified man who appeared to be around 40 years old from Focal Point. Going by injury marks on his head, he appeared to have been attacked with sharp-edged weapons. \"We are trying to identify the victim and nab killers,\" Focal Point SHO Gurtej Singh said.Meanwhile, Ram Dayal, a labourer from Salem Tabri committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling late on Thursday night. A case of abetment to suicide has been registered against two people on the complaint of his brother. \"The accused are on the run. They had been pressurizing him to return the Rs 3,000 he borrowed from them,\" said Salem Tabri SHO Dharampal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434197", "title": "IGNOU healthcare course for tribals in Naxal area", "text": "NAGPUR: Tribals from Gadchiroli who had to call off their studies after matriculation are getting a second chance to upgrade their academic skills, thanks to the biggest distance education provider in the country - IGNOU. The government institute's officials visited interior locations such as Allapalli and Bhamragad to offer vocational education in basic health care for youths living there.P Sivaswaroop, regional director of IGNOU Nagpur, said, \"our mission is to reach the unreached. A majority of the tribal kids study in the ashram shala (rural government schools) since it is located in their village itself. But after Std X they have no choice than moving out to a town to study further. We have observed that most of these tribals stay back home ending their education.\"Sivaswaroop is promoting the six month long certificate course in home-based healthcare. \"These tribal kids can learn to perform the basic health care functions such as checking blood pressure, heart rate, cleaning a wound etc. We are in talks with government and NGO managed hospitals in the rural areas for a tie up and possibly future employment for these kids,\" said Sivaswaroop.Students opting for the course can work in healthcare centres in the district itself. \"The fact that they can remain close to their village and earn is appealing and the initial response we got from health agencies is also positive,\" said Sivaswaroop.For the course, students will have to stay for 28 days in a hospital as practical knowledge is emphasized. \"I visited Dr Prakash Amte at Hemalkasa and he too gave a positive response. I am hoping we could soon see fruition,\" Sivaswaroop said.The immediate roadblock IGNOU faces is Rs1,500 fee for the course. \"For this problem, we have talked to the government agencies and NGOs and are looking at options to fund the education for tribals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436646", "title": "Goan poet bags Konkani honour", "text": "MANGALORE: Kavita Trust has chosen Rajay Pawar, a young poet from Goa for this year's Mathias Family Poetry Award. The award carries Rs 10,000 in cash, a memento and a citation and will be given on January 13, 2013, during Kavita Fest, to be held in Thumbay near Bantwal.Kavita Trust, which works for promotion of Konkani poetry, has instituted this award in the family's name of Joseph Mathias, managing director, Merit Freight Systems LLC, Dubai.Aruna Rao Kundaje, Mumbai (2008), Kavyadas, Mangalore (2009), Kashinath Shamba Lolienkar, Goa (2010) and Shivananda Shenoy, Kerala (2011) are the earlier winners of this award.Rajay is the first person to do doctoral study on Konkani poetry. University of Goa awarded Rajay PhD for his thesis 'Goan Society in Konkani Poetry'. He has submitted a minor research project 'Poetry of R V Pandit: A Critical Study' for UGC, New Delhi. His poems are included in academic syllabi of Goa Board and Goa University. His poetry collection 'Pavsfullam' was published in 1995, which won him literary award from Konkani Bhasha Mandal, Goa in 1996. His poems are included in 'Samakaalin Bharatiya Sahitya', 'Konkani Poetry of 20th Century', 'Bharatiya Kavita in Punjabi' and other compilations. He has been instrumental in popularizing the Ghazal form of poetry in Konkani in Goa.Rajay has won the Shankar Bhandari Literary Award from Bimb Publication in 2011 and 'Yuva Sahitya Puraskar' during the 12th Yuva Konkani Sahitya Sammelan. Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad, Kolkata has bestowed him with the national award titled 'Sahitya Puraskar - 2009'. This is the first ever award for Konkani language in the history of 32 years of the Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad. Apart from poetry Rajay has written six Konkani plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17436019", "title": "Fund misuse hit quality of rural engineering department projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rampant mismanagement of funds in Uttar Pradesh's rural engineering department (RED) has not only bled the government machinery but also exposed ways in which rural masses were systematically duped after making tall electoral promises.Though the largescale anomalies were given shape during the former Bahujan Samaj Party regime and the incumbent Samajwadi Party government has attempted to scuttle the matter by transferring whistleblower officer Hari Shankar Pandey from his post in RED, the CAG audit report has only corroborated the charges of fund misuse in the department.For one, the quality of work suffered as a result of the fund misuse. With department officials misappropriating funds, not everything could be directed for the purpose it was meant to serve. For instance, when the CAG audit team sought results of quality control tests that should have been conducted on CC roads in 17 divisions where it conducted test checks, the directorate was unable to supply the details. Though the demand for quality control tests was raised in July 2012, until September, 2012, the RED was unable to furnish the necessary details.When the CAG team independently conducted a test check of records in five divisions, it found quality control (QC) checks were never conducted as they should have; at times, not even in the seat of the state's government's power -- Lucknow. Here are examples. As per manuals, quality control tests should have been conducted both prior to and during the laying of CC roads. However, the CAG audit team found there was a shortfall of 57 per cent and 58 per cent in Azamgarh and Lucknow respectively, while officials did not, at all, bother with the seven-day tests in Lalitpur and Sonbhadra.In a similar violation of guidelines, records in Allahabad found no mention of seven or 28-day quality control checks against construction of CC roads. Though the construction of roads was carried out between November 2008 and January 2009, the tests were, in bulk, carried out on April 20, 2009, also in violation of the norms. Even though rules suggest otherwise, Director RED said there was no need to check the quality of cement being used in constructing CC roads so long as the stocks were used within three months. This, the CAG audit team says, is against the quality control norms.If the CAG team had slammed RED, the report also suggests the complicity of other government departments in the largescale corruption that weakened the government machinery. Since RED does not have any budget of its own -- construction work is allotted to it by other government departments -- it is also mandatory for RED to turn in completion reports of works down to all its clients. Test check of records of seven division (out of 17) by the CAG audit team showed that between 2007 and 2012, RED did not turn in completion reports of 2461 works in Aligarh, Azamgarh, Bijnor, Faizabad, Lalitpur, Moradabad and Sitapur worth Rs 474.46 crore.In fact, RED officials across divisions were working in tandem with contractors to earn pecuniary benefits. In Lalitpur's project implementation unit, for instance, come works were completed as many as 23 months after the deadline expired. In this case, the contract bond was terminated by the superintendent engineer Jhansi in July 2010 for fundamental breach of contract conditions but even then, the contractor was allowed to carry out construction work.Even after the Lalitpur district magistrate ordered that the contractor be blacklisted for poor workmanship, no action was taken. Instead, in April 2012, Rs 6.49 crore was paid to the contractor. This, even though a physical inspection of the road in July 2012 showed that the road had deteriorated within seven months of completion even though the contractor was bound by the contract to maintain it till December 2016, under the defect liability period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17434744", "title": "Care and funding fears stifle falling AIDS rate cheer", "text": "MUMBAI: The optimism over falling HIV infection rate in India is tinged with new worries. India's soon-to-be-announced fourth HIV/AIDS policy may entail the closure of 350 community care centres where patients get free hospitalization and medication. The government logic is that public hospitals have gathered enough expertise over the years to treat AIDS patients, but the HIV-positive community isn't convinced.The uncertainty isn't confined to the community centres alone. Virtually every aspect of HIV care and funding is in a state of flux over shrinking AIDS funding from global donors such as the Gates Foundation , DFID and Global Fund (see box). The Gates Foundation, for instance, brought in $338 million (equivalent to Rs 1,842 crore) since 2003 but it is in the process of exiting the country.Foreign funding accounted for over 90% of HIV budgets between 2002 and 2007, but it has shrunk to 30% since. By 2014, when most donors would have exited, the Indian government's National AIDS Control Organisation (Naco) will have to provide almost the entire budget.For many experts working in the field, this exit is fraught with challenges. Sanghamitra Iyengar of Samraksha, a Bangalore-based NGO, said: \"It's good to integrate HIV care (that was previously available at care centres) into the public health system. But are India's hospitals ready for this yet?\" Her point is that a HIV-positive sex worker who gets diarrhoea would find it difficult to get a bed in an already overcrowded public hospital.A Delhi-based NGO official added: \"Can the government ensure there will be no stigma towards these patients? Moreover, many patients need palliative care or pain relief towards the end of life. Will they get it in the public health set-up?\"Seema Sayyed of Aastha Parivaar, which represents 30,000 commercial sex workers, fears that the government takeover would dilute the importance given to HIV/AIDS. \"HIV will be clubbed with other diseases such as diabetes,\" she said.Prof Shankar Das from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences said resource crises are in the offing. \"The ongoing antiretroviral treatment programme may get adversely affected along with the prevention, care and support programmes,\" he said.But government officials assure they are prepared for the exit. Naco additional secretary Shyama Prasad said no final decision had been taken on how to implement the fourth HIV/AIDS programme. \"There have been discussions, but no concrete announcements yet. There is a possibility that global funders will extend their financial commitment,\" he added.Syeda Hameed, member of the Planning Commission, clarified that there would be no gaps in funding as the government would take over from where the foreign agencies leave. The Planning Commission has time and again mentioned that India would be able to raise adequate funds for its healthcare programmes without donor help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436842", "title": "Angry investors ransack agent\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house, assault parents, 2 others", "text": "COIMBATORE: A group of people who had invested crores of rupees in Fine Futures India, an online multi-level marketing portal, vandalised a house that belonged to an agent of the online portal near Annur in Coimbatore district on Thursday. The angry investors assaulted the agent's parents and two others, who have been admitted at Annur government hospital. The rural police have registered 15 investors for assaulting the four of them.Police said, P Chinnasamy (35) of Chinnamondipalayam near Annur, works as collection agent of the online portal. He allegedly collected crores of rupees from around 1,000 people in Annur and surrounding areas. Chinnasamy had collected money from the investors and had given 8.5 per cent as interest to the investors every month.Three months ago, the online portal had stopped giving the interest to the investors. Soon after, Chinnasamy also went absconding. His father, R Periyakaliappan, 59 and his mother P Pappathi, 52, had gone to visit their relative's house for a couple of months.Two days ago, Periyakaliappan and Pappathi returned to the village. As soon as the investors from Rayarpalayam near Seyur got this information, they rushed to the village on Thursday evening. The investors asked Periyakaliappan and his wife Pappathi about their son Chinnasamy's whereabouts. But the parents had no clue about their son's whereabouts.Then the investors barged into the house, situated on an agriculture farm and searched to find out money and documents. However, they did not find anything and therefore, started assaulting Periyakaliappan and Pappathi with stones. The elderly couple ran for escape. However, one of the investors attacked Periyakaliappan with a sickle on his head.R Chinnakaliappan, 57, younger brother of Periyakaliappan tried to save his brother. But he was also assaulted with stones. Meanwhile, another farm worker Palanisamy, was also assaulted by the mob. The angry gang ransacked the house completely and managed to flee from the area.The injured persons were admitted at Annur government hospital. Based on Periyakaliappan's complaint, Annur police registered a case against 15 unidentified investors under section 147 (punishment for rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17434285", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to keep every child's record up to 14 years under RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) can no longer run from its responsibilities prescribed under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, commonly known as RTE Act. In keeping with recent state government directives, the civic body will have to maintain the educational record of every child from birth to 14 years age, to ensure the child get free education.Following state government's directives, NMC convened a special meeting of the general body to guide office bearers and corporators about the RTE Act. Of 150 corporators, only 88 were present at the meeting. Additional chief secretary (primary education) JS Saharia attended the meeting presided over by mayor Anil Sole. Copies of the RTE Act were distributed among all corporators. Besides, education department officials gave a presentation on the act.The act mandates that NMC will maintain record of every child from birth till they attain 14 years of age. \"Record shall be updated every year. Appropriate Child Tracking System shall be developed to track children dropping out or remaining absent for more than one month. The names of all children in the age group of 6 to 14 years shall be displayed in each school before the beginning of the first and second term,\" the act says.NMC also has to take action according to the report of students' census conducted between October 2 and 5, 2011. \"Government prepared the report and finalized it on May 2 this year. Action shall be taken against schools which had below 50% attendance during the census. Their registration may be cancelled after completing required process,\" the official said.The house was informed that teachers have to be paid salary through ECS system on the first of every month. In a good move, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari requested the mayor to pass a resolution requesting the state government to pay 100% grant for teachers salary. A senior NMC official said the resolution was approved. \"NMC spends Rs 40-45 crore per annum on teachers salary, with the government contribution being 50%. NMC can undertake more development works if the remaining 50% grant is also approved by the government.\"Chairman of education committee Avinash Thakre raised a query about registration of private schools. \"Government has made it mandatory for private schools to register with the deputy director (education) by March 2013. NMC should be given the responsibility for proper implementation of RTE,\" he said. Thakre told TOI that Saharia informed the house that the government is discussing whether to give the responsibility of registration of private schools with municipal corporations or with deputy director (education).The house was also informed that the government is spending Rs 27,000 crore on salaries of teachers and Rs 3,000 crore on infrastructure development every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17436005", "title": "Glimmer of hope for dilapidated Sector 18 market", "text": "NOIDA: Tired of the Noida Authority's lackadaisical attitude and plagued with innumerable civic problems, the traders of the Sector 18 market met CEO Sanjeev Saran on Thursday evening seeking his intervention in the issue.The traders, who have been battling civic apathy for years now, also met other senior Authority officials to request them to start the proposed upgrading and revamp work in the market area as well as work on the much delayed multi-level parking lot at the earliest.\"The market used to witness heavy footfall till a few years ago, but now it has been reduced to an avoidable hassle due to the traffic chaos, inadequate parking arrangements and rampant encroachments. The state of the civic infrastructure is also poor as sewage networks have not been upgraded for decades and traders have to face long power outages each day,\" said Kedar Bansal, President, Sector 18 Market Association.Paucity of water, choked drainage system, frequent power cuts, ill-maintained roads, rampant encroachment, lack of public conveniences; the list of woes of the Sector 18 market area is endless. While traders as well as residents have been sending regular reminders to the Authority for action, little besides infrequent routine anti-encroachment drives has been done so far.\"For almost five years now, the Authority has been harping about its plan to construct a multi-level parking lot, but no actual ground work has begun yet. Earlier this year, it announced its plan to revamp the Sector 18 market on the lines of European commercial areas. We have requested the CEO to do something soon,\" Bansal said.Meanwhile, SC Mishra, the work circle in charge for the Sector 18 area said that the Authority is all set to begin the upgrading work in the market area without any further delays. \"The redevelopment plan as well as the parking lot project already has the board's approval and the Detailed Project Report for both the projects was also approved by IIT-Delhi last week. We will initiate the tender proceedings for both next week and there should not be any more delays,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17436450", "title": "It's no-win for both parties", "text": "So, who wins, who loses? B S Yeddyurappa's exit from the BJP may not derail the government, but will definitely impact the party and the political scene. And in the long run, both the BJP and the strongman are expected to bite the dust.Its undisputed leader for the past 40 years, his departure will certainly dent the BJP, which came to power for the first time in 2008. The ruling party will have to rework its strategy to face the assembly elections due next year.BJP leaders are aware that Yeddyurappa would put up his candidates against BJP nominees in 13-15 districts and is capable of getting just 4,000-5 ,000 votes. BJP MLAs who won by low margins in the last elections could find it difficult if Yeddyurappa's party cuts into their votes. This means Yeddyurappa could easily damage 25-30 BJP seats, but the Karnataka Janata Party will certainly not win over the BJP vote-bank .\"The KJP will field candidates in all 224 constituencies and I'm confident of the party coming to power on its own,\" Yeddyurappa said, making clear his intention to defeat the BJP. He said a regional party is needed to drive a hard bargain with the Centre for the welfare of the state.Not wanting to lose any base, the BJP had a month ago tried to retain Yeddyurappa. Discussions in New Delhi, followed by Arun Jaitley's visit to Bangalore, failed to convince him.Though Yeddyurappa said the Shettar government was safe for now as he had asked his loyalist MLAs and ministers not to attend the Haveri event on December 9, he issued a warning to the party. \"Don't dare to discriminate against our MLAs and their constituencies. You alone will be responsible for the stability of the government, if I hear complaints of discrimination,\" the former chief minister said.Yeddyurappa has also reportedly prepared a hitlist of BJP leaders he plans to defeat. State BJP president and deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa tops the list, followed by deputy CM R Ashoka. Higher education minister C T Ravi, municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi, Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol, medical education minister S A Ramdas, horticulture minister S A Ravindranath , law minister S Suresh Kumar , health minister Aravind Limbavali, forest minister C P Yogeshwar, woman and child development minister Kalakappa Bandi follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436245", "title": "HC summons top brass of three TV channels", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday directed the top brass of three entertainment channels to be present in court at the next hearing with regard to a PIL which alleged the channels are evading payment of advertisement tax.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed the director/ chairman / chief editor private channels to be present on January 25, 2013.The PIL filed by SS Ravishankar, a writer, claimed these channels have evaded payment of advertisement tax to the tune of Rs 10 crore and more on the hoardings and posters they've put up in Bangalore, Mysore and other cities across the state.In another PIL on the same issue, the court asked the petitioner to implead the producer of the Kannada film 'Dandupalya'.Govindaraju's pleaThe Karnataka high court on Friday adjourned till Monday the hearing of the appeal filed by L Govindaraju, the BBMP corporator convicted by the special Lokayukta court in a bribery case. Justice K Bhakthavatsala adjourned the hearing after counsel for Lokayuktha sought time to file objections.Govindaraju, who challenged the Lokayukta court verdict, sought for suspension of sentence and has asked for bail in the interim. The Ganesh Mandir corporator of the Congress was found guilty under the Prevention of Corruption Act and sentenced to 4 years' rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 90,000 for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 2 lakh from a person for allowing the construction of the fourth floor of a building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17435688", "title": "AP piloting new drug regime to check HIV infection in new-borns", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The AP AID's Control Programme is now focussing on prevention of vertical transmission of HIV infection from pregnant women to newborns by introducing a triple-drug regimen as against the single drug treatment with Nevirapine. The prevalence of HIV among pregnant women in the seven coastal districts combined is 0.81 per cent, which is more than the state average of 0.77 per cent.As per AP State AIDS Control Society (APSACS) data, the highest prevalence of HIV among pregnant women is in Kadapa (2.25 %), followed by the coastal district of East Godavari (1.25 per cent). In Krishna (1 %), Guntur (1.08 %) and West Godavari it is close to the state average. Vizag, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam are however a little lower than the state average.Project director of APSACS C Partha Sarathi said, \"We have given special focus on prevention of new infections from pregnant women to newborns during pregnancy, delivery and breastfeeding. The vertical (mother to child) transmission rate without any medication is around 30 per cent. During the last National Aids Control Programme (NACP), we were able to bring down this transmission rate to about 10 per cent with single dose Nevirapine prophylaxis in the mother-baby pairs. But AP is now piloting the superior triple drug regime, which aims at bringing down the HIV infection in newborns to around three per cent.\"Recently, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka launched the PPTCT (prevention of parent to child transmission) 'triple drug regimen'. \"There will be a paradigm shift with the triple-drug regimen. The state is now looking forward to bringing down the mother-to-child transmission to zero,\" said state epidemiologist K Jaya Krishna and deputy director (monitoring, evaluation and surveillance), APSACS.Ronanki Ramesh, additional district medical and health officer (AIDS and leprosy), Visakhapatnam, said, \"Around 85 per cent of HIV transmission happens due to unsafe sex, while around 15 per cent is passed on from the pregnant mother to the child. It's now possible to stop vertical transmission by 98 per cent with the use of a combination of three ARV drugs starting from 14 weeks of pregnancy irrespective of CD4 count till the end of breastfeeding that is up to one or one and a half years. Soon after delivery, the infant will be given Nevarapine syrup for six weeks to be followed up for DBS-PCR tests till 18 months. The triple drug regimen under Mamta Plus programme also spikes the risk of drug resistance,\" he stated.AP is planning to give special importance to counselling and testing programme in the coming year and has set a target for 35 lakh tests (including 15 lakhs pregnant women).Overall, according to APSACS, new infections are on the decline in the state with an approximately 23 per cent decline in new infections being recorded in 2009 in comparison to 2006. ANC prevalence dropped down to less than 1% (0.77%) for the first time in 2010, as per the latest survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17436495", "title": "'Football association violates lease pact'", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Football association (KSFA) may lose its land if the allegations made against it are proved.Alleging that the association had sub-leased a major portion of the land given to them by BBMP to a builder and to a fashion technology institution, Yediyur corporator NR Ramesh demanded a Lokayukta or CID probe at the BBMP council meet on Friday.\"In 1975, the city corporation had leased out 1,86,653 sq feet of land to KSFA for 99 years. One of the pre-conditions was that the land must not be sub-leased , failing which the contract would be cancelled by BBMP. But now the association has leased out land to a Mumbaibased builder who has a mall and plaza and also to a fashion technology institution. The lease contract must be cancelled,\" said Ramesh.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said that the case will be looked into.KSFA reacts\"We have not violated the lease agreement and subleased any portion of the land given to us. The agreement with Raheja happened only after the then government (when Jeevaraj Alva was the sports minister) gave permission through a government order. It was cleared by the then corporation,\" KSFA secretary E Krishna Narayana said. On the fashion academy functioning below the stands, KSFA treasurer AD Nagendra said: \"Other sports associations have club houses. Likewise, we use the rent from the institution for the upkeep of the stadium. A HC order made it clear that sports bodies can rent out a portion for the upkeep of the stadium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17437919", "title": "Indian Railways ticket inspector shot dead on train near Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: A chief ticket inspector (CTI) of the Indian railways has been shot dead on board the Mahananda Express, between Ghaziabad and New Delhi, police said on Saturday.The incident took place late on Friday when unidentified assailants shot Kifayatullah in the stomach when he sought to see their tickets.Hailing from Moradabad, the railway official was on duty on the Mahananda Express which runs between West Bengal and New Delhi. He was taken to the Guru Teg Bahadur hospital in New Delhi, where he died at around 10.30 p.m. due to excessive blood loss.Railway officials said that the incident took place near the Sahibabad station when the official was checking tickets.A group of young men had a verbal spat with him and it turned ugly soon after. One of them whipped out a pistol and shot the railway official in his stomach. They then escaped.Shocked passengers pulled the emergency chain and informed the Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel on train.When the train chugged into the Shahdra station, railway officials wheeled out the bleeding CTI and took him to hospital.During treatment, the injured official said he had an altercation with some youngsters as they were not travelling with tickets. He could not speak further, an official said.\"A hunt is on for the assailants,\" Pankaj Lawaniya, GRP in-charge of Ghaziabad said, adding that the passengers were being questioned.Train travel has increasingly become scary in Uttar Pradesh, with more than half-a-dozen cases of eve teasing and violence reported in the last six months from trains plying across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17435495", "title": "Namazis clash with police", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 10 people were arrested and a police vehicle damaged after protesters in Old City clashed with police after Friday prayers at the historic Mecca masjid near Charminar.Trouble broke out near Gol Masjid after 50 people hurled stones at parked police vehicles, protesting against what they said was unnecessary barricades, restricting movement.A vehicle belonging to additional inspector Narayana of Falaknuma police station was targeted, while a few other vehicles and shops were damaged during stone pelting. \"We were asking these youngsters to go slow. But suddenly they started running in different directions and pelting stones. But within a few minutes the situation was brought to control,'' Mogalpura inspector P Vijay Kumar said.For Old City folk, living in fear amidst tight security in the past few weeks has become a routine affair. With many residents saying that police has created undue panic due to their presence every Friday. The police on the other hand maintain that the heavy security is only in the interest of maintaining peace and to curb violence. Many attributed the sloganeering on Friday after prayers to the multi-level barricading by security forces.Further, namazis jeered at the police even as they clapped their hands protesting against the barricading and not allowing them to move northward of the historic Mecca Masjid.Barricades along with barbed wire which were set up at Gulzar Houz and Machli Kaman and along roads leading to Laad Bazaar, Sardar Mahal and Mughalpura.\"We just hope that the police let us ease up and allow us to leave from one side. If that happens, namazis will leave peacefully from Mecca Masjid,\" said Mohammed Mateen, a trader from Laad Bazaar.He said that the large number of people refusing to leave the historic mosque during sloganeering on Friday indicated that they did not wish to get involved in any sort of trouble and wished to stay in peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17435630", "title": "Toll plaza manager missing with Rs 37 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: The manager of Badshapur state highway toll plaza has been accused of having cheated the toll plaza operator company of Rs 37 lakh. He allegedly went missing without depositing the toll collection of a week. On the complaint of the toll plaza operator, Badshapur police have lodged an FIR against the manager.According to police, Surendra Kumar Shukla, a native of Mumbai and operator of Badshapur state highway plaza, had lodged a complaint with the Badshapur police accusing his toll plaza manager, Chatarbhuj Pandey, a native of Uttar Pradesh, of running away with Rs 37 lakh collection money.In his complaint, Shukla said that according to the rules, the manager was depositing the total collection of each day in the account of the company the next day morning. Last week the manager did not deposit the money for five consecutive days in the company account and has also been at large. Police said the daily collection at this toll plaza was Rs 8 lakh.An FIR has been filed against Pandey under Section 408 (criminal breach of trust by any clerk or servant). \"The accused is still at large. After promising to deposit the collection money, the manager, Pandey, who was reportedly close to the company owner, stopped returning calls from the company,\" said ASI Rohtash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17434573", "title": "Brothers' murder: 26 get life term", "text": "AMRITSAR: A local court on Friday awarded life sentence to 26 culprits while another was given 3-year jail term in case of murder of two brothers in Dhariwal village falling under Lopoke police station in 2007.Opponent party's 12 persons have been set free. The sentence was pronounced by the court of additional sessions judge. According to reports, police had registered cross FIRs in the case in which 27 persons were booked for murder while 12 were booked for inflicting injuries.On July 10, 2007, a resident of Dhariwal village Anoop Singh had got a complaint lodged with police stating that he along with others were attacked by around two dozen persons near the village drain. Police had then registered cases against Avtar Singh and others. Anoop Singh had also alleged that when they raised an alarm one of his relative came with a gun to help, but the gun was snatched by the attackers, who opened fired at them in which Saroop Singh and Kewal Singh were killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17435331", "title": "World embraces Palestine; snubs US, Israel", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States and its ally Israel were isolated and humiliated on world stage on Thursday after the international community overwhelmingly voted to upgrade Palestine to a non-member observer state in the United Nations .Canada , Panama , the Czech Republic and four tiny Pacific island states were the only ones in the 193-member UN General Assembly that backed the Washington-Tel Aviv axis in the crushing 9-138 defeat, with 41 abstentions. Allies and friends abandoned the United States and Israel in droves, fracturing a facade of western unity that Washington had long engineered.India voted for the upgrade in keeping with its long-standing support for the Palestinian cause, showing that its strategic ties with the United States and intense defence cooperation with Israel will hardly inhibit it from making an independent call.But the real shock for the US and Israel came from Europe, which, with the exception of the Czech Republic, deserted the duo.France led the European revolt, and it was joined by Germany, Italy, Spain, Norway, and Denmark as the 27-member European Union put behind its historic sympathy for Jewish state in the face of what many see as growing atrocities on the Palestinian people. Such is the change of mood in the international community that even the United States lackeys such as Australia and Singapore abstained, leaving Washington and Tel Aviv isolated.Philippines , a virtual client state of the US, voted in favour of Palestine.Thursday's vote falls well short an independent Palestinian nation, the eventual goal of the Palestinian people. As a nonmember observer state, instead of an \"entity\" or \"territory\", Palestine will now be on a diplomatic par with the Vatican, the only other non-member state. It will also be eligible for membership in UN institutions.Much of the Israeli and US opposition stemmed from the fear that with its upgraded status, Palestine will now seek to join institutions such as the International Criminal Court in The Hague , a move which will enable it to lobby for war crime charges to be brought against Tel Aviv.US and Israel reacted angrily to the Palestinian victory, threatening to cut off assistance and access to rag-tag state that has its own internal power struggle between the Palestinian Authority that rules the West bank and Hamas that controls Gaza . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , for whom the defeat comes as a parting shock given that she is on her way out, described the vote as \"unfortunate and counterproductive... because it places further obstacles in the path to peace\". She said only direct negotiations between the two parties could lead to lasting peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435859", "title": "Facebook like site only for students now a reality", "text": "JAIPUR: With the virtual world's presence looming over the real, it's impossible to keep children away from it.A 10-year-old having a Facebook account or a 12-year-old declining his parents' friend requests no longer sound surprising.As new-age children become extra cautious about guarding their virtual privacy, parents and teachers are concerned about the trend which threatens to isolate them from their elders.In a bid to reach a middle ground over use of networking sites and regulating the content shared, a group of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad graduates launched a non-profit website called Assetambassador.com.The website operates like Facebook but is meant only for school students. Students of Maharaja Sawai Bhawani Singh School, Maharani Girls School among others are active members.\"Here posts, pictures and blogs are regulated. It is a closed community and it gives a sense of safety to parents and teachers,\" said Vinita Mathur, spokesperson, SMS School.Students are able to chat, upload pictures, start groups, participate in discussions, create blogs, network with peers across the country.\"Membership for this website is given after a long screening process. Students, before being given the permission to access their accounts, have to provide certain satisfactory information. There is also a cross checking of the information provided by them. There is monitoring and screening of all the posts. Only once the administrator gives permission, these posts get published,\" said Sudhir Ghodka, one of the founder members of this web portal.The community now has over 7,000 student members. These members are from Classes 5 to 10. They share their art work, poetry, quizzes, puzzles, upload interesting pictures like that of National Geographic series, suggest books other can read and more. They can also make special interest groups like fans of Harry Potter , photography clubs etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435283", "title": "Thane nearest pen-paper centre for JEE-Main", "text": "MUMBAI: Students from Mumbai appearing for the Joint Entrance Exam-Main this year and opting for a pen and paper-based test will not have any centres in the city. The closest centre available for the pen and paper test for city students is in Thane. The only other pen-and-paper-based test centres in the state are in Amravati, Aurangabad, Nashik and Pune.Mumbai is among 25 centres in the country where computer-based entrance tests will be conducted. Students who are not comfortable with the computer-based format are keeping their fingers crossed. One student said, \"We are guessing it would be on the first-come-first-served basis. So if we do not manage to get a centre in Thane, we might end up in Pune, Nashik or Amravati in the state.\" The students will get to know their centres only after they get their hall-tickets.However, most classes in the city have been advising students to go for the computer-based examination as it is scheduled after the pen and paper test. One of the parents said, \"Most students have been advised to go in for the computer-based test as it will come later and the students will get an idea about the type of questions. They have also been told that the computer-based format is more convenient as it will allow students to make changes in their answer if they want. The pen and paper format is scheduled on April 7, 2013, while the computer-based test is scheduled from April 8 - 25, 2013.An official from the Central Board of Secondary Education, which is conducting the exam ( JEE-Main) however, said that the board is anyway looking at shifting completely to the electronic mode soon. \"It is a faster process and saves a lot of time. Also, the board is looking at going completely electronic soon. This will surely be done in phases and major cities only will have computer-based test centres in the beginning,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17436654", "title": "Girl alleges being stalked, man held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A resident of Jagatpura village in Mohali has been arrested for sexually harassing and threatening a girl over the last few days. Police said the accused, Ganesh Kumar, is in hisearly 20s.\"We received a complaint from the victim that Ganesh had been following her for the last four to five days. She said he passed lewd remarks at her and threatened her when she retaliated. We laid a trap and arrested the accused, who has been booked under various sections of the IPC,\" a police official said here on Friday.The Chandigarh police have launched an offensive against eve-teasers over the last few months. However, this has also led to incidents like two persons being booked solely on the basis of a vehicle registration number. On October 26, a local court acquitted two people accused of teasing a girl because of lack of evidence. The two were booked on October 13 and were discharged in 13 days because the complainant did not turn up in court. Besides, the police did not have enough evidence to prove the charges. In 2012, police registered more than 50 cases of eve-teasing.But they also received fake calls from women frivolously trying to settle personal scores with men by accusing them of sexual harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17435189", "title": "Indian Railways to set up institute for accounting training", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways is going to set up its own training institute to impart training and improve finance and accounting skills among its officials.It will set up an Indian Railway Institute of Financial Management (IRIFM) at Secunderabad to train its officials in accounting and finance.The state-run transporter will also start a specialized programme to depute middle-level finance officers abroad for training.Announcing the decision on the occasion of Indian Railway Account Services (IRAS) day, Vijaya Kanth, financial commissioner of railways, asked IRAS officers to examine their role in public service that is meant to be efficient and effective with integrity.She exhorted the officers to improve their skills which should keep pace with developments outside the finance world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17436844", "title": "CoEP student kills self in hostel room", "text": "PUNE: An 18-year-old first-year student of the College of Engineering Pune (CoEP) allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan of his hostel room in Shivajinagar on Friday morning.Krishna Namdeo Pinate of Nilanga in Latur district was disabled. A note written by him said he was committing suicide due to his health problems and also did not well in his exams, said inspector Seema Mehendale of the Shivajinagar police station.The incident came to light around 1.30 pm, when Pinate's roommates returned to the hostel after appearing for a college examination. Pinate did not appear for the exam, police said.D G Birajdar, chief rector of the CoEP hostel, told TOI that the students found room P-104 locked from the inside. As there was no response when they knocked on the door, they became suspicious and informed the hostel authorities.\"The hostel employees saw through the window and found Pinate hanging from the ceiling fan,\" Birajdar said. The authorities informed the Shivajinagar police. Pinate was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival.Birajdar said that Pinate was a student of the civil engineering course. He was staying in the hostel for the last six months, with three other students from Latur. \"His semester exam started five days ago. He had a chemistry exam on Friday,\" Birajdar said.He said that according to Pinate's roommates, he (Pinate) had not fared well in his examinations. \"On Friday morning, he told his roommates to go ahead for the examination and said that he would reach the college later. But he did not appear for his chemistry paper,\" Birajdar said.He added that Pinate's performance in his previous examinations had not been satisfactory. \"The college provides counselling for students whose performance is not adequate. Pinate was provided with this facility,\" Birajdar said.Pinate's fellow students said that he was suffering from other health problems as well. The Shivajinagar police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17435845", "title": "Winter arrives in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: A short spell of drizzle in several parts of the state on Thursday coupled with cool northerly winds riding on heavy snowfall in the northern parts have further brought down the temperature.According to the weatherman, winter has arrived in the state, especially the western districts.On Friday, Sriganganagar was the coldest in the state with a minimum temperature of 7.8 degrees Celsius. State capital recorded 11.5 degrees Celsius.Friday morning was particularly chilly and the strong winds made it more difficult for children to muster all the courage to go to school.The Met department forecasts further dip in the temperature to around 10 degrees over the next 24 hours.\"Jaipur is likely to witness a minimum temperature below 10 degrees in the next few days. If snowfall in northern parts of the country continues, the mercury can dip further. Light showers are likely in some parts of the state,\" a Met official said.Despite the chill, early morning fog was not reported in Jaipur and the skies remained clear throughout the day.The demand for electricity too has shot up with the average demand hovering around 14.5-15 lakh units.In the state, Churu recorded a minimum temperature of 8 degrees, followed by Pilani and Bikaner at 8.1 and 8.9 degrees respectively.Sriganganagar was followed by Churu that recorded a minimum temperature of 8 degree celsius, Pilani 8.1, Bikaner 8.9, Jodhpur 10.3, Barmer 12, Jaisalmer 12.4, Kota 12.7, Ajmer14 and Dabok registered14.3 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17435066", "title": "Immigration in UK sees biggest fall in 20 years", "text": "LONDON: Migration into Britain has seen the biggest fall in 20 years, official figures have revealed. A total of 536,000 foreigners came to live here in 2011, 42,000 fewer than the year before, according to the figures released.According to The Daily Mail, the drop was the biggest since immigration went down by 61,000 during the 1991 recession. The numbers entering Britain were the lowest since 2004, when hundreds of thousands of Eastern European workers were allowed in. The main reason for the cut in numbers was a dramatic reduction in those arriving on student visas.Ministers hailed the figures as a major step towards achieving the government's aim of reducing immigration to the levels of the 1990s.The key net migration figure dropped by 25% from 242,000 to 183,000. Students coming in to join courses at colleges went down by 67%, while those going to English language schools fell by 76%. However, the number of foreign students going to UK varsities went up by 1%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17436720", "title": "College students demystify maths", "text": "MANGALORE: One of the most detested subjects in school is mathematics. To boost the confidence of school children, more than 50 BSc students and teaching faculty of University College taught mathematics to nearly 500 high school students at Pavoor Government High School during \" Sugana Ganitha,\" a four-day programme on Friday.This programme was organized by University College to observe Year of Mathematics. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has declared 2012 as National Year of Mathematics to pay tributes to legendary mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan. BSc students conducted quiz and puzzles on mathematics for high school students in Pavoor and also screened a 20 minute documentary on Ramanujan.Interestingly the students learnt mathematical structures by drawing 'Rangolis'. For better understanding of the subject, games like symmetry, beauty of numbers and magic squares and other mathematical games were also organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17435030", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWhite paper has boomeranged on CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the crisis-ridden water resources department submitted a white paper on irrigation projects, it appears that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's strategy to expose the NCP, particularly senior party leader Ajit Pawar, has not succeeded.Ever since Chavan said his government would produce a white paper, it was believed that the exercise was aimed at exposing Pawar, who held the water resources portfolio for almost a decade. But from the contents of the paper, Pawar has emerged more powerful. \"We feel a clean chit has been given to him. In our opinion, the white paper exercise has boomeranged on the Congress. While the water resources department was drafting the paper, the Congress was in the dark. No senior Congress minister was involved in the activity,\" a Congress cabinet member told TOI.Participating in a seminar on the drinking water situation in Maharashtra, when veteran Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) leader Ganpatrao Deshmukh and leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse brought to the notice of Chavan that owing to incomplete irrigation projects in the state, there was acute shortage of water, Chavan was quick enough to announce that his government would bring out a white paper on the projects. Both Deshmukh and Khadse expected Chavan to investigate the causes of the massive cost escalation in key irrigation projects in Vidarbha. \"We had brought to the notice of Chavan TOI's reports on the matter. The reports were specific. Unless there was corruption, there could not have been 300% increases in project costs. It appears Chavan succumbed pressure from the NCP,\" Khadse said.A senior bureaucrat said that in the wake of TOI's reports, Ajit Pawar quit as minister on moral grounds and Chavan shunted out water resources secretary Devendra Shirke and ordered a departmental inquiry against 45 senior engineers. When Pawar resigned from the cabinet, Chavan took credit for having taken on the NCP.Khadse said the white paper did not specify the reasons for project cost increases and \"illegal proposals being approved by Ajit Pawar\"; also, it was silent on the role of Shirke. \"We are disappointed over the manner in which the CM has dealt with the row over rampant corruption in the irrigation department. All along, efforts were made to protect Pawar and water resources department minister Sunil Tatkare. Besides a discussion on the so-called white paper, we will bring out a black paper on the status of irrigation projects in Maharashtra,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17436048", "title": "Four new dialysis units for state-run referral hospital", "text": "NASHIK: The state government-run referral hospital at Shalimar will soon get four new dialysis units. At present, the hospital has six dialysis units.Based on the requirement of the city and to cater to the patients of renal ailments throughout the district, the referral hospital has asked for four more units to conduct dialysis. The six existing units are apparently not sufficient to treat kidney stone patients and doctors have welcomed the new proposal.Resident medical officer of Civil Hospital Dr Ganesh Phadnis said that the patients from all over the district were given dialysis, treated for heart and cancer diseases at the referral hospital and that the existing dialysis units were unable to cater to the increasing needs.General surgeon Dr Suryakant Sonar said that 10 % of the population in Nashik suffers from kidney stones. \"According to urologists this is not a significant rise over the past few years but just that the awareness has increased and people get themselves checked for it. The ratio of people undergoing sonography has increased so has detection of stones. It is a good thing that we are getting more dialysis units,\" he said.He informed that out of the ten percent people suffering from kidney stones, one percent of them require operation and one percent kidney stone patients require dialysis.Doctors say that the treatment being affordable at government hospitals, rural and poor patients would benefit out of it.Dr Phadnis said that soon kidney transplant facility will also be available at the hospital. At present a proposal to this effect has been made and there is a likelihood that it would be sanctioned very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435115", "title": "Parli power plant seeks water", "text": "AURANGABAD: Water release from Darna dam in Nashik began on Friday around 6.40am. \"It has been decided that a major quantum of water from Darna dam would be released and not from its other small dams as they have less quantity of water stored and to prevent losses,\" said Jaisingh Hire, sectional engineer at Command Area Development Authority (CADA) here.The release comes after the agitation on Thursday by MNS leader Kashinath Mengal at the dam in Nashik.The Parli thermal power plant has also demanded water for further operation for electricity generation. At present only two sections of the plant are functional which are generating electricity of around 500 megawatts. The plant can generate 1100 Mw.It was earlier decided that water from three other small dams to be released namely, Mukane, Waldevi and Bhauli dams located on the Godavari river. Hire said that the water from Darna dam was released at the rate of around 6000 Cubic feet per second (cusec).Meanwhile, around 1.3 Thousand Million Cubic (TMC) feet of water has been released from the Mula dam since Wednesday. The water discharge from Mula into the Jayakwadi reservoir is currently at the rate of around 6350 Cusecs.\"Around 0.55 TMC of water has been recorded to have reached the Jayakawadi reservoir and the inflow is around 6194 Cusecs, \"said Hire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17436826", "title": "Bhavani farmers up in arms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Another water dispute is brewing along the banks of Bhavani river, similar to the ongoing interstate water dispute between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. With the water crisis continuing to persist, tension is simmering between farmers along the Lower Bhavani Project (LBP) canal and agrarians from the old ayacutdars of Bhavani river covering Thadapalli and Arakkan Kottai areas in Gobichettipalayam.The LBP farmers have slammed the Public Works Department (PWD) and Erode district administration for releasing water from November 20 to Thadapalli Arakkan Kottai areas, straying from government policy to ensure the protection of crops spread across 2.7 lakh acres. More than 200 farmers from LBP areas today staged a walkout from the grievance meeting held at the Erode collectorate after the district administration failed to respond satisfactorily as to why they released water to the old ayacutdar areas.\"As per government orders it is clear that the LBP farmers should be given adequate water for cultivation. There was no instruction from the government but yet district authorities decided to release water for four wettings to the Thadapalli Arakkan Kottai areas on November 21,\" said C Nallasamy, president Lower Bhavani farmers' association.According to farmers, the 2.7 lakh acres irrigated thanks to water from the LBP canal is awaiting release of water from December 15. They suspect that the move to provide water for four wettings in Thadapalli area for 10 days with a 12 day gap will result in water shortage to cultivate their land.\"There is only 24,000 acres of cultivable land in Thadapalli Arukkan Kottai. They have already harvested their wet crop since water was released in April, May and June. Now they don't require water as much as the Lower Bhavani farmers,\" said R Selvam, coordinator, Tamil Nadu organic farmers' federation. The farmers had also filed a writ petition before Madras HC which was expected to come up for hearing before a division bench comprising Chief Justice MY Eqbal and Justice TS Sivagnanam on Friday but has now been postponed to Monday.\"The LBP farmers have already gone to court where the matter is pending. We have stopped water to Thadapalli areas today. We have also sought permission to release water to LBP in early December instead of December 15,\" said VK Shanmugham, district collector, Erode.\"At the moment, we have 6 tmcft of water in the reservoir. We plan to supply water to old ayacutdar areas until February 15. We will release water to the Lower Bhavani farmers from December 5 to March 15. We had released water to the Kondapalli Arakkan Kottai areas to save their standing crops,\" said a senior Public Works Department official in charge of the reservoir. Subi Thalapathy, President, Thadapalli Arakkan Kottai Bhavani river association, said that of the 24,000 acres in the old ayacutdar areas there were standing crops of plantain in about 3000 acres, sugarcane in 5000 acres and turmeric in 3000 acres. While the old ayacutdar areas include Thadapalli Arakkan Kottai and Kalingarayan areas comprising 24,000 acres and 15,000 acres respectively, Lower Bhavani cultivation is spread across 2.7 lakh acres in Erode, Karur and Tirupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17435108", "title": "MSEDCL to start round-the-clock service centre", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Limited (MSEDCL) has planned to start service centres to facilitate workings.\"These centres would be installed in all the branch offices,\" said, Sunil Jadhav, public relations officer at MSEDCL. They will be equipped with service vehicles to attend emergency calls, as well as other necessary equipments, he added.The project will be carried out in 130 cities across the state, said a press statement issued by the power utility. The independent facility centres would function round-the-clock to attend to citizens' complaints, accept payments of bills, receive applications for new connections and attend to repairs requested by customers.The aim is to ensure better and quality services to the citizens. Similar centres have been initiated in Ahmednagar, Kolhapur, Dhule, Nanded, Chandrapur and Amravati since May this year said Jadhav.\"A pilot project was carried out in these regions and regular feedback was received, after its success there, the improved services will be implemented for the city,\" he added.Citizens will be able to follow up on their complaints and applications through a centralised call centre on 1800-2333-435. Jadhav said that in case where action is delayed on some requested services, the system will ensure that the complaint is notified to the higher authority.Jadhav said that earlier the services to consumers were often delayed; the new system will help in solving problems promptly as it will function as an independent body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17438875", "title": "McConaughey sheds 18 kg for movie role", "text": "Actor Matthew McConaughey has lost about 18 kg for a movie role, and despite the drastic weightloss he says he is \"as healthy as can be\".He has lost pounds to play a skeletal AIDS victim in his latest movie \"The Dallas Buyer's Club\", and his lean frame is giving fans some cause for concern.However, McConaughey insists his extreme dieting isn't taking a toll on his health as he is relying on a healthy diet of fish to keep his energy levels up, reports dailystar.\"I feel fine. I really do. I'm eating fresh fish. I'm just eating small amounts. I'm not being starved. If anything, it's as much a spiritual journey as it is physical. I have body soreness. (But) I'm as healthy as can be. My blood pressure, everything's fine,\" he told TheDailyBeast.The \"Magic Mike\" star had earlier said he will indulge in a greasy cheeseburger once filming on the drama ends, but he now accepts he won't be able to do so straight away, especially after dieting so much.\"You can't just start eating cheeseburgers and ice cream. Your body will go into shock,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-01"}
