{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17367882", "title": "Five-year-old girl sexually abused", "text": "COIMBATORE: A five-year-old girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by a 16-year-old boy on Friday evening. The girl's parents lodged a complaint against the minor boy and the city police are on the lookout for him.Police said, Bakyaraj, 30 of Nethaji road near Pappanaickenpalayam in the city, has a five-year-old girl, who is a UKG student at a private school in Pappanaickenpalayam. A minor boy often visited their neighbour's house where the boy's friend Santhosh lived. On Friday evening, Santhosh was not at home when the minor boy came to visit. As he waited for his friend to return home, the minor girl went to Santhosh's house where she was sexually exploited by the boy who fled after committing the crime. The girl began crying and informed her mother Kanjana about the incident.Kanjana lodged a complaint with Race Course police station on Saturday. The police have registered a case against the minor boy under section 377 ( ) of IPC. Police said a medical test would be conducted on the girl at CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371679", "title": "Government talks to allies, hopeful of FDI resolution", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the government called for an all-party meeting to break the logjam in Parliament over foreign investment in retail, Union minister Ashwani Kumar on Monday said talks were on with supporters and allies towards a \"satisfactory resolution\".\"Talks are being held with allies and supporting parties. Some satisfactory resolution will emerge,\" law minister Ashwani Kumar said.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Left are insisting on a discussion on the government's decision to allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail under rules that entail voting.The government, which has not agreed to the opposition demand, called for an all-party meeting to be headed by parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath in Parliament.Congress sources added that party leaders had held talks with allies and supporting parties, including the DMK, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, to know their stance in case of discussion under voting rules.They said the ruling United Progressive Alliance along with its supporting parties was in a minority in the Rajya Sabha and the government would not like a situation where an opposition motion is carried by majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17370459", "title": "Disappointed with my spinners: MS Dhoni", "text": "MUMBAI: His insistence on a spinning track boomeranging, a sheepish Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Monday said he was disappointed with his tweakers who did not adjust their pace to exploit the pitch in the lost second Test against England.India were handed a humiliating 10-wicket loss by the English, who were expected to struggle on the spinning track that Dhoni had asked for before the game.Instead of the host spinners, it was England's Monty Panesar who made batsmen dance to his tune and walked away with 11 wickets. On the other hand, Kevin Pietersen and Alastair Cook proved their class with hundreds on a track that seemed to terrorise other willow-wielders.\"Definitely outplayed. Monty bowled really well. All get turn, but the pace he bowled at made sure that the batsmen were on the front foot. To some extent, yes I am disappointed with our spinners. We let England bat on the back foot. We could have brought them forward,\" a disappointed Dhoni said at the presentation ceremony.Dhoni had lambasted the opening Test pitch in Ahmedabad despite India's win and today he said his bowlers just could not get a hold over the pace to bowl at the Wankhede.\"All of a sudden they have to change their plan. Ahmedabad was completely different and it was a change of conditions,\" he said.Dhoni said the next two Tests, starting with the game in Kolkata on December 5, would be a test of character for his team.\"When two best sides are playing, series are close. It will be a test of character in the two coming games,\" he said.Dhoni's rival number Alastair Cook said he has all but forgotten the disappointment of losing the toss.\"Without a doubt, it is a great win. I can't fault the effort of the lads. I could have called heads and obviously it was an important toss. The way we bowled on that first day it was fantastic,\" said Cook.Cook lauded the contribution made by Pietersen and Panesar.\"You don't need to tell KP anything and it was great to watch from the other end. Credit to the way Graeme Swann and Monty bowled. Brilliant performance. It's been interesting two weeks and we have seen ends of the spectrum,\" he said referring to the nine-wicket loss in Ahmedabad.Man of the match Pietersen the hundred in the match ranks quite high in his(R personal bests.\"Now that we have won, this hundred is at the top. Yesterday I said Test hundreds feel a lot better when you win,\" said Pietersen.Back in the fold after being at loggerheads with the England Cricket Board for quite some while, Pietersen lauded his teammates and the dressing room unity.\"Panesar and Swann were outstanding. Cooky didn't talk about himself, but he was outstanding. What a difference a week makes. The way boys have come back is great. Cricket wise, it is not bad now.\"Thanks to the guys in the dressing room and the management. Every day you put on an England jersey, it is special. Thanks to the supporters who have travelled, and also the Indian support. They have been great too,\" he said.Asked what was the key to performing well on the Indian soil, Pietersen said, \"You have to trust your defence, that is the big difference. You play sweep shots early on, it doesn't look that good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365924", "title": "No slowdown for the big fat Indian wedding", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inflation might have burned a hole in the aam admi's pocket but the Indian wedding is as big and fat as ever. From exotic, freshly flown-in orchids to a \"varmala\" in Phuket, Delhiites are ready to spend crores for a unique idea, say wedding planners.At 10,000 weddings a day over this weekend - in an auspicious three-day period from Saturday - Delhi's band-baja-baraat industry expectedly raked in the crores.Elaborate theme props have been erected in playgrounds - it could be the beaches of Hawaii or a royal carriage - banquet halls are tasselled in customized colour schemes and the florists are working round-the-clock with blooms that might well compete with the bridal trousseau on the price tag. \"Though the cost of importing goods has gone up, people don't mind paying for it. They still want the venue to be decorated with exotic flowers. This is the only industry which is untouched by inflation. It is business as usual,'' says Anil Tondon, owner of Cloud 9 Hospitality.Wedding planners say costs have gone up by 25-30%, but their customers are ready to keep up, even shell out extra for the \"once in a lifetime event\". \"The most common theme is a royal wedding or exotic flowers. People also ask for a Hawaiian theme for parties. From venues to caterers, the cost has gone up manifold but most people don't want to cut down on number of ceremonies or parties,\" says Ashima Malik, owner of Vivaha Wedding solutions.While theme-based weddings are still in vogue, destination weddings are fast becoming popular. \"Though people still plan a wedding in Indian cities like Goa and Jaipur, foreign destinations are now being preferred. It will cost almost the same if we take a group of people to Goa or Thailand . In fact, the hotels are cheaper and service is better,'' says Tenzin Ohasel of Exotic Indian Wedding, who has organized close to 20 destination weddings this year alone.No trimming of guest listWith astrologers predicting a three-day-long auspicious period from Saturday to Monday, community halls, banquet halls, hotels and playgrounds in Delhi are booked chock-a-block. \"I had three wedding invites for Sunday,\" says Aparna Singh, a professional, who chose to attend two in south Delhi.Wedding planners say despite buffets going for up to Rs 7,000 a plate, hosts are not willing to trim the guest list . \"It is a question of their status in the society. Also, due to social pressure, people are forced to invite a large gathering. A gathering of 500 people is minimum while it could go up to 1,000,'' said a wedding planner. Agrees Major Gupta, marketing head of Palm Court: \"Inflation has had no impact on this industry. People are not cutting down on wedding expenditure.\"From exotic flowers to expensive gifts for guests, people are spending a lot. In fact, the families ask for unique ideas to make the event a memorable one. From traditional themes to exotic one, there are ready to spend on a good idea.New additions, say planners, are live music bands (upwards of Rs 30,000 a jig) and customized return gifts, not excluding gold trinkets. And then, there's the bride. \"The most basic lehengas cost between Rs 25,000 and Rs 30,000. As brides want to be unique, they end up spending between Rs 60,000 and Rs 4 lakh or more for a one-of-its-kind dress,'' says Shweta Saxena, a fashion designer who specializes in customized wedding clothes.To bless couple, log on to the wedsiteYou no longer flip through wedding albums and play the CD at every family gathering. Couples are now setting up \"wedsites\" (wedding websites), chronicling their journey from singles to a couple through detailed photo narratives and updates. Plus, guests can sign an online guestbook and leave blessings as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365681", "title": "Bank reports credit card fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A leading private bank has reported fraudulent transactions from a Chandni Chowk trader to the tune of Rs 9.75 lakh. The trader had been allotted five electronic data capture terminals used for swiping of credit cards in the name of fictitious jewellery shops the addresses of which turned out to be forged.The Delhi Police special cell initially suspected a terror link in light of an Intelligence Bureau input on terror funding routed via Indian banks but investigations revealed it was a case of credit card cloning carried out on a massive scale. The accused allegedly imported a machine from Denmark and was cloning customers' cards at his outlet.In his complaint, Samarjit Singh Sahi, manager of the bank risk control unit, said he had installed the terminals himself to facilitate payments by card through the bank network.A machine apiece was provided in the names of two jewellery shops in Amar Market, Dariban Kalan, in Chandni Chowk. Subsequently, four more machines were provided to the trader who opened current accounts with the bank in the name of these firms.Sahi told police he witnessed a suspicious transaction pattern on these terminals and visits confirmed that the person no longer existed at the addresses furnished to the bank. A manhunt is on to nab the culprit, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17367111", "title": "1364 job offers at rozgar mela", "text": "GARHWA: A rozgar mela, or jobs fair, was recently organized here by the district employment exchange on the Govind Inter College ground.About 1,364 unemployed youths received job offers from various private organizations at the fair, organized under the aegis of labour employment and training directorate, Jharkhand. Garhwa deputy commissioner R P Sinha distributed the appointment letters.\"Rozgar mela is being organized by the government in different districts to provide employment,\" said Sinha, adding that 274 unemployed youths were provided employment at last year's rozgar mela.Sinha said as many as 7,500 posts in different categories were vacant at many private firms in the state.\"Earlier too employers of several private companies have selected unemployed youths for their respective firms and companies at the fair,\" said district employment officer N K Mishra on the occasion.RISHAB Spinning Mills (Ludhiana) came up with highest number of job offers (250) followed by SIS Belchampa (Garhwa) with 240, Advance Security (Jamshedpur) with 166, Reliance Life Insurance (Daltonganj) with 124, Commando Industrial Security Force (Jamshedpur) with 112, Konark Securities (Jamshedpur) 89, Vardhaman Yarns (MP) with 65, Dusters Total Solutions Services (Chennai) with 41, Vardhaman Fabrics ( Madhya Pradesh ) with 39, Vananchal Educational and Welfare Trust (Garhwa) with 20.Among those who were also present on the occasion included DDC Ravindra Prasad Singh, civic body chairperson Anita Dutt, district board chairperson Sushma Mehta and Vananchal Educational and Welfare Trust chairman Dinesh Prasad Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367554", "title": "Distributors vs investors", "text": "Distributors must improve their credibility for investors to be more willing to pay.The upfront commission for selling mutual funds is all set to go. According to the regulatory direction that is now in place, distributors and advisers should earn their commissions from investors, not producers. Distributors are concerned that the investors remain unwilling to pay. What lies ahead for distributors? What can be done to move to a regime where investors start paying?First, investing is not a felt need that spurs a buyer into immediate action. It lies in the same league of desirable, but poorly implemented, lifestyle changes. Investment advice needs persuasion, motivation and coaching. The eager transition of the distribution community into advisers, financial planners and wealth managers comes from this understanding . Those who have built their practice into full-fledged advisory models that works with investors over longer time periods, have managed to charge for their services. Investors may be willing to pay for transformational services , not mere transactional services.Second, the pure distribution model of achieving a sales target has spurred a set of sharp practices. It is not uncommon for distributors to share their commissions with investors. The 'payback' , as it is known, is an incentive passed on by the distributor to the investor, where both parties agree that they are in a simple buying transaction. There are also distribution licences in the names of senior citizens and other 'passive' family members, created to enhance commission income for the family. Investors are unwilling to pay for 'professional fees' to a distributor who had been doing what it takes to get mere sales numbers.Third, the low entry barriers to becoming a distributor of financial products have created a large mass that is poorly differentiated in quality. The simple pitch of saving taxes, compulsory saving , and a large, assured benefit is enough for most investors to sign on without making a payment for the service. A genuine multi-product distributor finds it tough to differentiate himself, his products , or his services. It takes time to establish a clientele, to protect them from predatory competition, and to establish oneself as working in the client's interest . Most distributors are not confident enough to bring up the payment of a fee in this predatory environment.Fourth, distributors continue to pressurise producers to 'find a way' to pay them. As the January deadline draws near, mutual funds are huddled with their key distributors, trying to find out how to protect the latter's incomes, without harming their own balance sheets and without running afoul of the regulator. The past 10 years of mutual fund distribution have been a story of distributors prospering at the cost of AMCs, and the former are not yet willing to let go.If we truly care for a clean system that ensures the distributors serve their primary constituency, namely the investor , and that the investor acknowledges the value of the services and pays for it, what needs to be done?First, the mutual fund industry needs acknowledgement and recognition as a professional manager of portfolios, at a reasonable fee. Mutual funds are, by far, the only segment in financial services that is dominated by the private sector. Despite the tremendous operational efficiency and decent fund performance, mutual funds are viewed with suspicion associated with private and foreign players . An endorsement of the industry's capability to manage a large corpus will come if all large portfolios are handed over to mutual funds to manage. This includes pension, insurance, trusts, societies and all other large pools of money that need professional attention. This will achieve two objectives: one, enhance the professional stature of the product as more information is available on how it works and two, reduce the painful dependence on retail funds for survival. Without a large pool that provides the basic profit, mutual funds can never become the small investor's product.Second, acquiring saving and investing habits requires effort in education. The industry needs to pool its resources to create serious educational initiatives that provide good quality inputs, which are unbiased, factual and persuasive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367618", "title": "Cyber warriors, the need of the hour in India", "text": "If combating malware , hackers and cyber crimes are your passion, this is the right time to be a cyber security expert, says Nishant Kumar.True that the World Wide Web has bonded its numerous netizens into a virtual village, but it has also led to incidents of hacking, data thefts and virus attacks. India faced a severe test during the 2010 Commonwealth Games when cyber attacks from Pakistan and China sought to damage information systems. What's more, cyber strikes originating from Eastern Europe and countries like the US, China, Russia and Iran have attacked Indian domains lately.Amidst this cloud of cyber crimes, there is a silver lining that comes in the form of job opportunities for students in the field of information security. Recognising the dearth of trained cyber security experts, the Indian government has expanded the career prospects in this field by announcing to train 5 lakh cyber warriors in the next five years to boost e-defense . A government-private sector plan, this initiative aims at beefing up India's cyber security, as we face a shortfall of 4.7 lakh such experts, despite our reputation of being an IT and software powerhouse. The government also intends to introduce specialised cyber security-related curriculum in engineering and management courses and establish Institute of Cyber Security Professionals of India.Security statsContrary to the importance given to network security and threat prevention in countries like the UK, US and China, India is lagging behind in identifying the need for this scarce skill-set . \"The rising spate of cyber attacks has alerted government and private organisations, thus generating a huge demand for information security professionals to safeguard and monitor their network and systems,\" says GM Ajit, director, National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, Calicut.\"Be it an organisation or an individual, everybody wants to ensure the safety of their system, thus, relying heavily on information security experts. Government departments and security agencies too demand large number of cyber security professionals,\" says Parul Khanna, a certified ethical hacker. As per industry experts, job opportunities in this field have outnumbered trained professionals. According to Angad Paul, director, Appin Technology, Noida, a lab that works in the field of information security, \"IT security with ethical hacking skills is the most promising career to be in, with challenges and excitement every day of the work. There is a huge shortage of IT security manpower, only 60,000 professionals are available with respect to lakhs of jobs in IT security field in India.\"Cyber SafeElaborating on the skill-set required to succeed in the field of information security, Bezawada Bruhadeshwar, International Institute Information Technology, yderabad, says, \"It's a field that requires your keen interest, professional training and thorough knowledge of operating systems, programming, networks and protocols. Cyber criminals strike through virus attacks, destroy systems, modify and steal data from your system without your knowledge. The first and foremost job as an information security expert are to detect and analyse the vulnerabilities and then plug the loopholes to protect the system, network and data. Cyber security experts need to know about coding of some basic languages and database handling skills.\"Diverse DomainIf you are a trained professional in this field, you can find placement as network security systems manager, network security administrator, network security engineer, web security administrator, web security auditor, application security tester, ethical hacker, information security analyst, database and software developer, data security specialist, and chief information security officer.An information security specialist can also start his own venture to provide security solutions to a variety of companies and government departments. Cyber security experts are a desired lot in banks, energy sector, hotels, airlines, healthcare, telecom companies, infrastructure, transportation, law enforcement, defence, emergency response systems and ITES companies, among others.Certified CareerGraduates with a degree in computer science or engineering can opt for various full-time and short-term courses in information security, like MTech and MSc in Information Security, degree and diplomas in information security and network administration. Khanna says, \"You need to be trained and certified from a reputed organisation. International certifications like Certified Ethical Hacker (EC-Council ) and GPEN can do wonders to one's career as a cyber security expert. Salaries in this field range from Rs 3 to 5 lakh per annum. With experience and desired expertise, the package may go up to 10-12 lakh per annum, and even to a crore.\"Institute IndicatorThough India is yet to have any university catering to ethical hacking or information security courses, there are several institutes , colleges and private labs, which impart courses and short-term programmes on cyber security. University of Madras, International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad, Institute of Information Security, NIELIT and SRM University are some of the institutes that offer programmes in this field. Hacking evangelist Ankit Fadia also offers certification and training course on ethical hacking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366214", "title": "Spectator ejected after abusing Harbhajan Singh", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite repeated announcements over the PA system warning spectators against hurling abuses or engaging in offensive behaviour towards players or officials, a section of the crowd seated in the Divecha Pavilion at the Wankhede Stadium on Sunday decided to vent their ire on Harbhajan Singh .One of them kept abusing the Indian offie, passing lewd remarks and taunting him for not bowling enough.After having had enough, Bhajji, already frustrated at being dropped for over a year and being reduced to a third spinner's role despite a 15-year and 99-Test experience behind him, gave the abusive spectator a piece of his mind.The police was then informed and the spectator taken to the Marine Drive Police Station. Says Z Gharal, PIS of the Police Station, \"He kept on taunting him by saying, \"Bhajji bowling karo na.\" He also abused him. After a complaint, we took him to the police station where he was let off with a stern warning.\"Mumbai Cricket Association joint secretary PV Shetty also said, \"Yes, we acted on the police complaint and threw him out. The police let him off after a warning.\"Harbhajan was probably already seething as Indian skipper MS Dhoni waited till the 24th over before giving him a bowl.The Jalandhar-born spinner was also frustrated at being unable to break the third-wicket partnership between Alastair Cook and Kevin Pietersen .KP, in particular, gave him some rough treatment. He was extremely annoyed because a couple of confident LBW shouts against Cook were turned down by umpire Aleem Dar on Saturday. Dar, by the way had already annoyed Bhajji by ruling him LBW off Graeme Swann when the batsman thought he was not out on Day 2.Harbhajan picked up his first wicket in his 21st over, that of Stuart Broad . However, he didn't have to wait too long for his second, which came five balls later in the form of James Anderson .After dismissing the England pacer, the bowler went to the Divecha Pavilion where he was fielding and angrily gesticulated at the people who were targeting him. That provoked them even more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "17365974", "title": "Traffic trouble dominates Candolim gram sabha", "text": "CANDOLIM: A meeting of the Calangute gram sabha held on Sunday morning saw stormy scenes with members complaining that resolutions adopted at earlier gram sabhas are not being implemented.Members pointed out that despite a gram sabha resolution in May last year not to allow any mobile carts in Calangute, 15 more carts were issued licenses to operate. It was also pointed out that despite not having a proper approach road, a five-star convention centre has been constructed in the village. Members said that the convention centre should not be issued an occupancy certificate, a condition the panchayat members agreed to. The traffic management committee which was supposed to be formed after a resolution at a gram sabha meeting in January last year has also not yet been formed, locals said.Gram sabha members spoke about the parking problem caused by big tourist buses. They alleged that tourists cook and answer nature's call in the open, dirtying the surroundings. Such tourists should be booked for creating a public nuisance, members felt, which the panchayat authorities said they would implement.Heated arguments were witnessed when the issue of impounding two-wheelers parked on the road from the tinto to the beach was discussed. Most of the bikes impounded by the new traffic cell belong to rent-a-bike operators who are supposed to keep their bikes in their houses and not on the roads. Gram sabha members alleged that this was nothing but harassment of the locals, to which the panchayat members replied that they were only going by the rules.It was also resolved to look into a dealer of gas cylinders against whom a large number of complaints have been received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365823", "title": "Jury to finalize winner on Nov 29", "text": "PANAJI: The jury for the international competition section at the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) will finalize the winners by November 29.Filmmaker Goutam Ghose who heads the jury told TOI on Sunday, \"There are good films and average films. Iffi suffers from the handicap that it is being held after many prominent festivals across the world. But even under the constraint they (iffi organizers) have managed to bring some good films,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366284", "title": "Promotion panel of Nashik Municipal Corporation to meet today", "text": "NASHIK: The promotion committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will meet on Monday to continue with the process of its employees' promotions. Officials of the NMC said that this would be probably the last meeting for carrying out 100 percent promotions based on seniority and qualification of the employees.The promotions of the NMC employees began on November 19 and until now 403 employees have been promoted and over 100 are still to be promoted. On Monday, class four employees holding clerical posts will be promoted to class three.The Municipal Employees Sena has requested that the employees of the fire department be promoted on the basis of SSC, LSGD and graduation in addition to five years of service. They said that the fire department has personnel who have been employed since 18-20 years and among these many are graduates or have LSGD and MSCIT qualifications but are working as clerks. \"In the year 1999, having an LSGD was made compulsory. We have suggested that those who do not have the qualification, but have been working since many years be promoted on condition that they acquire the qualification in two years,\" said the chairman of the Municipal Employees Sena, Shivaji Sahane.The Sena requested that the employees of the NMC's fire department who have crossed the age of 40 be promoted as clerks, and young employees who have been trained for six months in State Fire Brigade Training Centre, Mumbai, be taken in their places.It also demanded that if firemen are promoted as clerks they be compelled to work in the fire department till new personnel are employed as firemen.An official said that the decision on all these will be taken on Monday by the promotion committee. There are 1098 vacant posts in the NMC. After carrying out a 100 percent promotion of employees, that is based on seniority and educational qualification, the remaining posts, numbering 1098, will be filled through direct recruitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366311", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi's Mohit, Rawal crack maiden tons", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu nipped out overnight batsman, centurion Unmukt Chand , and in-form Mithun Manhas within the first hour of play with the second new ball.But after that, it was for the 11 men watching Mohit Sharma - in his third first-class match - and debutant Vaibhav Rawal doing what Unmukt and Shikhar Dhawan had done on Day One - eke out centuries to deflate the fielding side.The two Delhi batsmen ruled the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group B tie against Tamil Nadu on Sunday.The two lefties registered their maiden first-class centuries and gave the hosts the liberty to declare at 555/4 about half an hour before close.Parvinder Awana picked up a bonus for the hosts by getting opener Abhinav Mukund caught in the slips in his first over itself. However, 18-year-old Baba Aparajith oozed assurance during his unbeaten 30-ball 25 as Tamil Nadu reached 31/1 at stumps.Like on Day One, it was obvious that the Ferozeshah Kotla pitch would offer help, if at all, to the bowlers only early in the morning.But once seamers Yo Mahesh and captain L Balaji had snared a wicket each, the two youngsters dug deep and saw off whatever fizz the pitch had in it.Mohit lost his wicket for 175, trying to go for a slog over mid-wicket off Balaji while Rawal remained unbeaten on 100.Rawal, fresh from three consecutive hundreds at the under-25 level, kept the scoreboard moving as Mohit (41 overnight) easily caressed the ball through the gaps to bring up his century after lunch. Both upped the rate in the second session.But the highlight of the day was Mohit exhibiting a spell of exhilarating batting after tea. With Rawal closing in on his century, Mohit took on the negative lines bowled by the visitors.When spinners Malolan Rangarajan and Aushik Srinivas bowled outside the leg-stump, he played inside out and hit them over cover and pepper the boundary.Then, seeing Yo Mahesh bowling a yard outside off-stump with a packed off-side field, Mohit paddled him down towards the vacant fine-leg region.And when Yo Mahesh bowled at the stumps, he hammered him down the ground. As he mentioned, 550 was Delhi's target and he and Rawal added 70 runs in the 11 overs after tea.The first two hours on Monday will be crucial -- the visitors will need to negotiate it safely. Otherwise, Delhi will fancy getting the first innings lead and the three points that come with it. A result looks very unlikely on this wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17366797", "title": "Clarity sought over pharmacy entrance test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of A group who wish to get admission in engineering courses will appear for national common engineering exam - Joint Engineering Entrance Exam (JEE) - while B Group students wishing to get admission in medical and paramedical courses will appear for the National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET). There is, however, confusion over which entrance test scores will be considered for A Group students seeking admission in pharmacy courses.Following this, the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has written to the state government to issue clarity on the issue.\"Since A Group students will not appear for NEET and only JEE, there is confusion over which entrance exam score will be considered for these students while giving them admission in pharmacy colleges. If the state government allows JEE score to be considered, it will be easier for the students who will be saved the trouble of appearing for a separate entrance test\", said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17367407", "title": "International honour for Kasturba Medical College dean", "text": "MANGALORE: Dr MV Prabhu, dean, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore has been inducted into Global Education in Medicine Exchange (GEMx). It is an Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG) plan to develop a new service to organize international electives for medical students through GEMx. Dr Emanuel Cassimatis, president, ECFMG, which is head quartered in Philadelphia has invited Dr Prabhu to serve as a member of the GEMx advisory committee.The first meeting of the Committee is scheduled for December 5 - 6 at the Rittenhouse Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. He is one of the 10 deans from all over the world to have been invited due to his active involvement in all the activities of ECFMG which involved on line objective feedback of the qualifying KMC Graduates who cite him as their referee.The purpose of the advisory Committee is to ensure that the GEMx program serves the needs of the international community of medical students and their medical schools, and is aligned with the ECFMG mission, values, purposes, and strategic priorities. The advisory committee will assist in providing recommendations for the development and sustainment of the GEMx program for medical student elective exchanges.The GEMx advisory committee comprises of ECFMG and Foundation for Advancement of Graduate Medical Education and Research (FAIMER) staff Board members, international medical school officials with a role and/or experience in undergraduate medical education and international medical student exchanges. Dr Prabhu took over as dean of KMC, Mangalore on December 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17371991", "title": "CSA salute Faf and Proteas for epic fightback", "text": "MUMBAI: Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Monday congratulated the Proteas squad on its magnificent rearguard action and, in particular, Faf du Plessis for his phenomenal performance on debut to earn a draw in the second Test match at the Adelaide Oval.The Nashua Titans batsman became the first South African to score a century and a half-century on his debut. His aggregate of 188 was the second best for the Proteas after Jacques Rudolph who made 222 from one innings against Bangladesh in 2003. His innings lasted 16 minutes short of eight hours and enabled the Proteas to bat out time on the last day.The match also produced yet another statistical landmark for Jacques Kallis who has now scored 50 or more runs in a Test innings on 100 occasions.\"Faf played with great skill, determination and pride, and the hallmark was the calmness he displayed, particularly in guiding the tail-enders through an extremely difficult last hour,\" commented CSA acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"These are all the characteristics that have made our Test side such a world-class unit over the past few years and demonstrated just how hard they are to beat.\"Faf's performance in this match was world-class by any standards but to do it on debut in an away Test against Australia was absolutely phenomenal.\"There is a great skill involved in playing match-winning innings but playing match-saving innings can often be even more difficult. This performance was right up with the best we have seen since unity in this respect and is certainly comparable with Jacques Kallis' maiden century in his seventh Test match against Australia at Melbourne where he defied Shane Warne on the last two days for six hours; Gary Kirsten's double century after we had been forced to follow on against England at Sahara Stadium Kingsmead; and Jacques Kallis unbeaten century at the Bourda Oval in Guyana when the Proteas also followed on after trailing by more than 300 runs on the first innings.\"Faf was by no means a one-man band in saving this match and we congratulate everybody for the way they knuckled down to complete a job well done.\"This has been an engrossing series of Test cricket to date which underlines the greatness of the five-day format, and all South Africans will be looking forward to another keen encounter at Perth from Friday.\"This will incidentally be our 200th Test match since unity and I am sure the Proteas will be aiming to make it a very special occasion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17366066", "title": "Karnataka native's remains sent to Hyderabad for testing", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem police have sent samples of the viscera of the 12-year-old girl whose skeletal remains were found at an isolated place at Mirabag, Curchorem, to the forensic laboratory at Hyderabad for DNA testing.The findings of the DNA test will enable the police to confirm the identity of the deceased. As the DNA test report is expected to take an indefinitely long time to arrive, the Curchorem police will have to wait until then to support their investigations with scientific evidence.Police have identified the remains as that of Sharanamma Viresh Amu Dukappa, a native of Hulgunchi, Raichur, Karnataka, who was employed as a domestic help, and about whom a missing report was filed by her lady employer, Aurin Barreto, with the Curchorem police on October 11. On November 6, locals working in the cashew plantations at Mirabag noticed the skeletal remains like bones, skull, hair, teeth, etc lying around and immediately alerted the cops. Though the police have booked the case as murder against unknown persons, the police are left clueless about the circumstances that led to her death. The Curchorem police, subsequently, also booked an offence against the Barreto family under Sections 7(2) and 8(4) of the Goa Children's Act for employing a girl under 14 years of age as a domestic help in their house, and without intimating the Child Welfare Board as mandated under the act.The police have also recorded the statement of the deceased's father who, police sources said, has expressed his ignorance over how his daughter landed in Goa and took a job as a domestic help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17367093", "title": "'Machchhar puja' to ward off dengue", "text": "BOKARO: If you want to save yourself from dengue, it's better to worship them and seek their blessings rather than depending on the administration for taking precautionary measures.This is not something from a fairytale story, but what the members of Centre for Consumer Club in neighbouring Chas town believe. The town witnessed a unique ritual with residents performing \"machchhar (mosquito) puja\" in a busy market area here on Sunday. Two hundred residents, including women , participated in the programme.Through the ritual, the residents have demonstrated their wrath against the district health department, municipality and the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) for the authorities' \"indifferent\" attitude in taking necessary steps to control the growing menace of mosquito in town. Bokaro and Chas are twin towns.The dengue outbreak has become a major cause of concern among the residents here. In the past three months, dengue claimed four lives while 151 affected people were admitted to the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH).The \"machchhar puja\" was performed in a traditional way with chief guest Rajender Mahto, the leader of local outfit Jan Sangharsh Morcha and other members praying before a mosquito model placed on a table burning incense sticks, breaking coconut and distributing prasad. They also raised slogans, \"ek machhar aadmi ko hijara bana deta hai. Dengue se bachanna hai to machchhar ki puja kare (Mosquito makes a man eunuch. If you want to protect yourself from dengue, worship mosquito).\"Bokaro records the highest number of dengue patients in the state. Despite the outbreak, the health department is not sprinkling DDT , bleaching powders and fogging in the areas. \"All those efforts taken by the authorities in controlling the epidemic are eyewash, as they are never continued.\"In Chas, one can see garbage lying on road and filthy drains that have become home to mosquitoes, but the civic officials avoid maintaining cleanliness. The Bokaro township from where maxmimum numbers of patients have been reported also lacks preventive measures taken by the BSL management to curb the mosquito menace.Ajit Kumar Sinha said by organizing \"machchhar puja\" they wanted to draw the attention of the administration officials, making them sensitive to the mosquito problems. Anil Poddar, an official of the district health department, said they were making efforts to curb the problem by sprinkling pesticides in mosquito breeding sites and fogging as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365391", "title": "Counselling centres for girl students soons", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Technical University is coming up with counselling centres for girl students enrolled in engineering colleges to beat the alarmingly low campus placements and prevent drop-outs among them. Figures suggest that 6% to 10% girls among the passing graduates (BTech) were able to grab jobs during campus placements.\"This is a serious issue hindering the empowerment of women. It requires immediate attention to ensure that academic resources utilized by these women do not go waste,\" said R P Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU. He added that in most cases it was found girl students refused jobs in far away cities due to their families' refusal.Explaining the phenomena Yadav said \"The trained counsellors will orientate girl students towards job opportunities better suited for them. They will also resolve the students' confusion related to jobs.\"The total percentage of girls enrolled in engineering colleges in all semesters is between 18% and 22% which is fairly better than in many states. However, they are a little behind in terms of jobs opportunities. In many cases girls don't participate in placement sessions.\"For some it is a matter of social prestige to get an engineering degree, while others are willing to work but in their own city,\" observed Yadav.The bulk of placements in RTU is done by IT companies for placements in cities like Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai leaving less scope for them to even think of appearing in the interview. The indiscriminate admission of average students is also aggravating the situation as the major chunk of both boys and girls does not fit into the criteria of corporate.For example, IT giant Microsoft conducted first campus placement session in Rajasthan recently and had invited only those who had 70% throughout. Such factors have made the placement scenario bleak, especially for women.Arvind Agarwal of Arya Group of Colleges suggested, \"It is very important at this juncture to promote entrepreneurship among girls. It will give them more power to carve their future.\" Agarwal who runs an entrepreneurship cell in his colleges and has produced several businessmen opined that in the present scenario counselling centres and entrepreneurship cells are a must for job creation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371856", "title": "Samantha to romance Suriya", "text": "After wrapping up the shooting for Gautham Menon's bilingual film Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu (Neethaane En Ponvasantham in Tamil) in which she's paired up opposite Nani, Samantha will be soon sharing the screen space with Suriya. Samantha, who is one the busiest actress in Telugu and Tamil cinema, has started signing more films and the latest we hear is about her new Tamil project.Starring Suriya, Samantha has agreed to be part of the prestigious project, which will be directed by Lingusamy but not before completing her current films. This will be the first time Samantha will be working with Suriya and the film is likely to go on floors in March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367865", "title": "Traffic stall at Dasara expo educates young and the old", "text": "MYSORE: To educate people who come looking for fun at the Dasara exhibition, which gets second highest footfall after the Dasara procession, Mysore city traffic police have put up a traffic awareness stall at the annual fair. The stall is making its appearance for the sixth consecutive year.A red traffic signal on the right side of the main entrance stops you at a stall with a sign 'Yaake aatura? (why rush). And if you move towards the stall, a green traffic signal welcomes you. When you step in, an array of photographs illustrating traffic offences like drunken drive, texting and talking over cellphone while riding, wearing no helmet, doing stunts on bike, and not wearing seat belts are exhibited. The visitors will identify themselves with the offences -- either as pedestrians or as motorists.There is also a chart with statistics related to fatal and non-fatal mishaps and types of vehicles claiming lives of people. To educate the public, a chart of different traffic signals, complete with explanations and gadgets used by traffic policemen, is exhibited.Short films related to the ill-effects of drunken driving and other offenses are screened. The films have video clippings of accidents recorded from across the world. Few films portray the feelings of families who have lost their near and dear ones because of traffic offences by them and others.Mysore traffic police are creating awareness among the people by conducting traffic awareness camps. It has started Students' Association for Road Safety (SARS) with school and college children being part of it.ACP traffic Vishnuvardhan said: \"We are not restricting ourselves to a target audience, as accidents pertain to everyone. Awareness on traffic has to be created among the young and the old. Such exhibitions and educative programmes will surely have a positive effect on people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369877", "title": "First look of Back Bench Student", "text": "Here's the first look of Back Bench Student, directed by Madhura Sridhar. The film, which has Mahat Raghavendra and Piaa Bajpai and Archana Kavi in the lead roles, is tipped to be a romantic and youthful entertainer. The director says that the film will be in a college backdrop and showcases a student's breakup love story in a different angle.Sridhar, who earlier made Sneha Geetam and Its My Love Story, adds that Back Bench Student will have a message and attracts all sections of the society. The film is produced by M V K Reddy and has music scored by Sunil Kashyap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17367410", "title": "Your favourite food is just a click away", "text": "MANGALORE: No more orders going wrong or trying to spell them while ordering over phone. Foodies in the coastal city can order their favourite food online. Bangalore-based Ojasvi Labs, an enterprise enhancement solution company has launched an e-restaurant - - a first of its kind in this region.Details of more than 15 restaurants in the city, which offer home delivery service has been uploaded on this website. Foodies can get details like menu and price in each restaurant on this website, making it easy for the client to choose from.Food can be ordered by just keying the name of the restaurant and the name of dishes on this site. Reviews of the food are also welcome.Nithin Devang, founder of the website told TOI: \"after the customer places an order for a food from a restaurant on our website, we call the respective restaurant and ask them to deliver the food. Presently bills are collected at the time of delivery.\" Soon online payment for food orders will be launched on website, he added.Details of all restaurants of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi district will be uploaded within few months, says Nithin. \"In the next phase, we are planning to upload details of restaurants of Goa, Bangalore and few other cities,\" he added.Mangalore was chosen as the pilot project since the city is home to a huge number of students, he said. A part of the revenue generated by the website will be used to provide free education to poor children of rural areas, said Nithin.Venkatesh K, an electronics and communication student, says this website is very helpful to order different types of food from different restaurants.\"Many people have a perception that only restaurants which cater to junk foods provide home delivery service. But there are many restaurants, which cater to south and north Indian foods at one's the doorsteps,\" he opined. Nowadays most urbanites are net savvy and these kinds of websites offer them more options to order different kinds of food, says Adhithya Kamat, a BCom student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367805", "title": "Revisit \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVasantha Maligai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on Dec 7", "text": "CHENNAI: The trend of digitally restoring old movies is growing to cater to audiences with retro taste and to introduce the younger generation to some of cinema's classics that were hitherto buried in archives and brought out from time to time during film festivals.A digitally restored version of 'Vasantha Maligai', a romantic hit featuring Tamil cinema icon Sivaji Ganesan, will be re-released across Tamil Nadu on December 7. P Srinivasan of Sai Ganesh Films who has just finished the restoration work at a cost of 10 lakh, says he is happy to bring the movie alive on digital restoration cinemascope. \"We have been planning to restore Sivaji Ganesan's hit movies for a long time. The new generation is not aware of the talents of yesteryears. So we have restored the film mainly for the youngsters,\" said Srinivasan.Directed by K S Prakash Rao, 'Vasantha Maligai', a remake of the Telugu film 'Prem Nagar\", was released in 1972. With Sivaji Ganesan and Vanisree in lead roles, the movie ran continuously for 750 days in theatres. Apparently, producer D Ramanaidu also made the movie in Hindi titled 'Prem Nagar' which was released in 1974. While Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Vanisree played the lead roles in Telugu, Rajesh Khanna and Hema Malini did the same in Hindi.It took more than five months to complete the project. \"I worked hard on the negatives of the film. There were black marks and lines and some were difficult to restore. We spent time on each and every detail. And the result was positive,\" said Srinivasan.Even though the restoration trend in Tamil cinema began earlier this year with 'Karnan', another Sivaji hit, the crew who finished the project under Srinivasan is optimistic about restoring more old movies. \"The young generation is very keen on old movies. That doesn't mean they will sit and watch the old prints. We have to serve them old wine in new bottle. If you restore it digitally, they will like it. And that's the trend now,\" said D V Murali, a distributor of the digitally restored 'Vasantha Maligai'. The movie will be released all over Tamil Nadu. \"There are some other films of Sivaji Ganesan in our list. We will do it in the coming months,\" he adds.'Vasantha Maligai' had hit songs like 'Oru Kinnathai' (T M Soundararajan) and 'Kudimaganey' (T M Soundararajan, L R Eswari). \"We have given a digital mix to the songs too. The new technique will add clarity to the music composed by veteran music director K V Mahadevan,\" said Srinivasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365493", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body to end RBI sq naming row", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body is likely to put an end to the ongoing controversy over RBI square's name. The naming committee headed by deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav has agreed to name RBI square as Samvidhan square and the stretch of road from Akashwani square to Ladies Club after former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh. The general body will take a final decision on the committee's resolution.Mayor Anil Sole has convened a special meeting of the general body on November 29. Total 15 policy proposals have been tabled before the general body, including RBI square naming issue. The general body's agenda says that the naming committee's on October 19 approved a proposal to name RBI square as Samvidhan square. The proposal was mooted by corporator Pragati Patil.The controversy over RBI square was a result of negligence on the part of NMC administration. There was a demand earlier this year to name RBI square as Samvidhan square due to the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar at RBI square. But the proposal was kept pending.After the demise of Deshmukh, the Congress submitted a proposal to name RBI square after Deshmukh. The officials did not informed the Congress party about the earlier proposal. So, the process of naming RBI square after Deshmukh was started, resulting in a controversy.The naming committee then accepted a proposal by the Congress to name any square or road in Civil Lines after Deshmukh. Considering the proposal of president of city Congress committee Jaiprakash Gupta, the committee approved the road in Civil Lines to be named after Deshmukh. Therefore, the general body may not have any problem in clear both the proposals.Of the remaining 14 proposals, one is to elect one corporator as NIT trustee. Sole has moved this proposal from the general meeting to this special meeting, indicating that the BJP-led ruling alliance has finalized the name. The BJP was finding it difficult to finalize the name due to strong infighting for the last eight months.Besides, the general body may also take a decision on the controversial proposal to delete the reservation of Town Hall on land situated in Rajnagar, Chhaoni, and include it in residential zone. The proposal mooted by town planning department saw strong protests from corporator Dr Prashant Chopra.The land is worth crores and also located in a prime area, and could be used for some other public purpose. The proposal was allegedly prepared to benefit some builders under pressure from politicians. Chopra even warned he would resign if NMC approved the proposal. Therefore, the proposal has been kept pending since August.Now, the proposal may not get the general body's nod as NMC itself acquired land reserved for Town Hall at Chinchbhuvan, around 14 kilometres from the city, issuing TDR. It will be interesting to see whether the general body will again keep the proposal pending or reject it, ending the controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "17366904", "title": "Railways meet venue vandalized", "text": "BARRACKPORE: Tension gripped Kanchrapara - former railway minister and All India Trinamool Congress general secretary Mukul Roy's residential area and where his son Subhranshu Roy is now an MLA - on Sunday, a day before Union minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury's programme.A group of Trinamool Congress supporters on Saturday night allegedly stopped the workers forcibly from erecting a concrete gate - being built to welcome the junior minister - near Kanchrapara railway station. The Trinamool supporters reportedly damaged a portion of the gate. Even the workers who were erecting the dais had to leave the job half-done after being threatened by a group of men allegedly owing allegiance to Trinamool Congress. Local Congress supporters were afraid to gather at the spot as they feared they would be attacked. Sensing trouble, a large contingent of railway police was deployed to keep the situation under control.Chowdhury will be present in the programme at Kanchrapara railway ground on Monday morning to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Indian Railways. He will also inaugurate a new logo of Indian Railways at the programme.Trouble broke out on Saturday night when workers were busy preparing the venue to welcome the Union minister of state. On condition of anonymity, a worker said: \"Around 10.30pm on Saturday, when we were erecting the dais on the Kanchrapara railway ground, a group of 12 to 15 men rushed to us and threatened us to stop work. They also forced us to leave the place immediately. Some of them even ransacked the stage.\"Meanwhile, near the Kanchrapara railway station, another group of youths stopped work of the welcome gate and threatened the labourers with dire consequences if they dared to continue with their work. Later, a portion of the concrete gate was allegedly damaged by the group.According to local sources, the youths who vandalized the dais and the gate were all associates of local Trinamool MLA Subhranshu Roy, who was reportedly aware of all the developments. Congress leaders alleged that Trinamool supporters were desperately trying to postpone the railway programme as Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury had become the new junior minister for railways. \"It is a central government's programme that has been organized by the railway authorities. But the Trinamool supporters are trying to create a chaos and tarnish our MP's image. The railway administration should be more active to avoid further untoward incidents,\" said Gurupada Biswas, North 24-Parganas Congress secretary. Bijpur MLA Subhranshu Roy could not be contacted for comments as his phone remained switched off.On Sunday, Chowdhury inaugurated Rampurhat-Pinagaria broad-gauge line, which would be a part of the Rampurhat -Dumka (Jharkhand) railway connectivity. The network got the sanction in 1995-96 railway budget. While inaugurating the line, Chowdhury said: \"Safety and security of the passengers are our top priorities at present. Though our financial condition is not good, we'll try to provide better facilities to passengers. This network will bring two major Hindu pilgrim spots - Tarapith and Deoghar - closer.\" The meeting was also attended by Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader Shibu Soren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366317", "title": "CCTV surveillance at Udyog Bhavan soon", "text": "NASHIK: To enhance safety measures, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is planning to install CCTV cameras at strategic locations in Udyog Bhavan soon. The MIDC is planning to hold meetings with all offices in Udyog Bhavan at Satpur for the same.The Udyog Bhavan houses government offices like MIDC, Food &amp; Drug Administration ( FDA ), Office of Dy Labour Commissioner (DLC), Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Khadi Garm Udyog, National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC) and Office of the Dy Director (Safety).The decision to install CCTV cameras had been taken at the meeting of Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) in August.The decision had come close on the heels of labour unrest in Nashik industrial areas that had culminated in the attack on three senior officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd. The officials, who were returning after the meeting with the company union office-bearers at the office of the DLC, were attacked by the company workers at the office of the DLC.A senior MIDC official said, \"We are planning to ask all government offices to install CCTV cameras in their premises. Moreover, the decision to install CCTV cameras in Udyog Bhavan will be taken shortly.\"The president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufactures' Association (AIMA), Sunil Mali said, \"All major government offices are located in the Udyog Bhavan. The workers' unions frequently take out morcha to the office of the DLC. Moreover, meetings between industrialists and union office-bearers are also held at the office of the DLC. At this juncture, safety of industrialists is a major concern. Hence, CCTV cameras should be installed at the earliest. Moreover, police security should also be provided during such meetings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370002", "title": "Shruti Haasan counters Hollywood girl", "text": "A couple of days back, a noted Hollywood heroine has passed a comment about a Bollywood hunk, though she is having a boyfriend better in all aspects to our hero. Right now, our very own Shruti Hassan had made a comment, and cine observers say that this is surely a counter.Hollywood diva Kirsten Stewart stated that she wants to have a kid like Hrithik Roshan . This beauty was on headlines recently for her affair with a director secretly and cheating her long-time boyfriend Robert Pattinson. Though she is back with Rob now, her comment has really become fishy. Countering this beauty, sensuous Shruti Hassan stated that she is watching 'Breaking Dawn' movie though her love for Rob couldn't keep her there. If you read between the lines, one can understand that Shruti wants to partner with Rob and Kirsten Stewart is standing between them.Rather discussing about other hunks, why can't these two beauties focus on themselves and talk about their own boys. Off course Shruti is single, but not Kirsten.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17400568", "title": "Candlelight march in memory of 26/11 victims", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Volunteers of YUVA, an NGO founded by youth, took out a candlelight march on the Beach Road here on Sunday to remember those who died in the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai in 2008. Students from various colleges joined the march.YUVA, which has been formed by students of engineering and other professional courses such as MBA and medicine, fights against child begging. One of the founders of YUVA said: \"It is our duty to pay tributes to the martyrs who braved bullets to save innocent people.\" Over 300 students and about 100 beach goers joined the candlelight march, which culminated with a prayer for the departed souls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366586", "title": "Stray dogs on runway delay Jet flight", "text": "BHOPAL: A major accident was averted at the Bhopal airport after stray dogs were spotted on the runway when the Lucknow-bound flight of Jet Airways carrying 60 passengers was about to take off at Raja Bhoj International Airport on Sunday afternoon.The flight was delayed for more than an hour, officials added, pleading anonymity.The Bhopal-Lucknow-Delhi flight- 2655 was scheduled to depart at 2.05 in the afternoon. It was late by around 15 minutes till that time and the aircraft started taxing on the runaway at 2.20 PM.However, when the aircraft began moving on the runway, the pilots spotted dogs on the runway and subsequently it had to be turned back.The passengers were still inside the aircraft when the ground staff operated hurriedly to remove the dogs. The staff ensured that there were no dogs before the take-off. And by the time it was done, the flight was delayed, airport sources said. However, no Jet airways official was available for official version.The flight was delayed for more than an hour due to the negligence of airport authorities and it finally took off at 3.20, Jet Airways sources claimed pleading anonymity.This flight on this air route was introduced last month only, the officials added.Earlier, before the operation from the newly-constructed international terminal began, jackals would be a menace at the old airport. A large number of jackals causing threat to flights had been trapped by the forest department officials of Van Vihar National Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17373022", "title": "Sonakshi shares screen space with mother", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha will be seen with her mother Poonam Sinha on screen for the first time in an ad campaign to promote a new beauty product. She says her mom is her skin advisor.The mother-daughter duo will be seen together in a TV commercial for a range of facial bleaches.\"My mother is my skin advisor, she is my skin expert at home and always recommends natural ingredients and remedies for beauty care. So, she was very happy when she realised that the brand now comes packed with the same natural ingredients that she has been recommending to me for years now,\" Sonakshi said in a statement.The campaign shows Poonam sharing her natural beauty secrets with her actress daughter. She talks about natural ingredients like saffron , pearls and milk and their utility in making the skin soft and supple.\"I have always believed in natural ingredients and most of the cosmetics that we used for our daily beauty care were prepared using our kitchen ingredients. I have always recommended natural ingredients and products to Sonakshi as they make you look beautiful and stay beautiful,\" said Poonam, who played Hrithik Roshan's mother in \"Jodhaa Akbar\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365753", "title": "Will standing committee stop NMC from spending Rs 6.61cr?", "text": "NAGPUR: All eyes will be set on the Standing committee meeting on Monday, which will decide on the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) proposal to bear capital expenditure of Rs 6.61 crore at Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP), which has been constructed on PPP model. The operation and maintenance of the entire water works is also on the PPP model.The NMC's water works department has tabled a proposal before the Standing Committee for approval to spend Rs6.61 crore for installation of a dedicated feeder from Mahatransco's substation to Kanhan WTP and execution of electrification works at the plant.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke favoured the proposal while leader of opposition Vikas Thakre and union leader Jammu Anand have opposed it. Chairman of Standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari has convened the Monday meeting to discuss seven proposals, including that of Kanhan WTP.Thakre told TOI that NMC's decision to bear the capital expenditure in the PPP model is a questionable move. \"The BJP-led NMC gave the water works to Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) on PPP model citing lack of funds. Then why should the civic body bear the capital expenditure on the Kanhan WTP. We have already raised this issue and will intensify our protest in the coming days to expose several irregularities in NMC's functioning,\" he said.Justifying NMC's move, Datke said the need of the hour is to execute electrification works at the Kanhan WTP. \"Water supply to the city has been affected to a great extent due to frequent interruptions in power supply. The Kanhan plant was built on PPP model but there were no provision for such work in the agreement,\" he said.However, Datke was unable to reply when asked about provisions in the PPP model under which the entire water works was handed over to the private operator. \"I will have to first go through the terms and conditions in the agreement before making any comments,\" Datke said.Jammu Anand told TOI that the proposal was a loot of public money. \"The standing committee should discuss and take opinion from respective sources on the proposal. In fact, all the entire PPP models implemented by NMC should be scrutinized as they are nothing but revenue source for private companies. The BJP-led NMC has already saved Shashikant Hastak from facing inquiries by transferring him to another department. The civic chief should reverse decision on Hastak's transfer,\" he said.Besides, the Standing committee will discuss and decide on proposal to issue work order to a private agency SCS Private Ltd for installation of vehicle scanning machines at five octroi posts on BOT model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366414", "title": "Missing child cases on the rise", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam continues to be an unfriendly place for children with 58 cases of missing children reported between April 2011 and October 2012.According to statistics available with Childline, the number was 66 between April 2010 and March 2011.Though the report indicates that incidents of missing children are on the rise in the city, no concrete steps have been initiated by the authorities concerned to ascertain whether the children are being kidnapped by labour trafficking rackets.Childline district coordinator Antony Jinoy said the agency prepared the report based on field reports and distress calls received from parents. \"We receive distress calls from parents after the children fail to return home. In some cases, the children have left home on their own due to various domestic problems while in other cases, parents are clueless. Though police and the railway police have managed to trace a few, the rest are still to be traced,\" he said.According to the report, the maximum number of missing children was reported in January 2012. In January eight child missing cases were reported followed by July with seven cases and September five cases.A senior police official said in majority of the cases, frantic parents immediately call Childline when their wards fail to return home on time. \"Parents approach police station with the complaint as a last resort,\" the official said. He added that the procedures will be completed soon to streamline the functioning of anti-human trafficking unit.The report pointed out that while 368 calls were received from children between April 2012 and October 2012 for emotional support and guidance, 89 calls were received for shelter and 28 calls for abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366444", "title": "World should follow India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s example: Dalai Lama", "text": "KOCHI: Addressing the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church centenary celebration on Sunday Tibetan spiritual leader, Dalai Lama said India is an example for the world because many religious sects co-exist in the country even today. \"Spiritually, the country occupies a very important place and its tradition is relevant today. Harmony can be more effective if love and compassion are practised in daily life. Now everyone talks about money, which is important, but one must not forget peace of mind and spirituality,\" he saidAddressing the gathering, former president A P J Abdul Kalam said people should embrace a combination that will unite economic prosperity and the spiritual way of life. He also emphasized the importance of imparting moral values during the early years of education.Releasing a Centenary souvenir on the occasion, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the social responsibility of religious organizations gives stability to society.Delivering the presidential speech, Baselios Mar Thoma Paulose II, Catholicos of the East and Malankara Metropolitan, said that they never wanted quarrels or undue privilege but only justice and the rule of law. \"We are a peace loving community. We appeal to the government to act courageously and give justice as per the law of the land and resolve conflicts in the community,\" he said.He added that the church would set apart Rs 100 crore for social welfare schemes, including lending a helping hand to heart and cancer patients, building home for the homeless and provide financial aid to poor students.Union minister K V Thomas, Hibi Eden, Vellapally Natesan, Archbishop Dr Mar Aprem Metropolitan, Chaldean Syrian Church of the East in India, Rev Thomas K Ommen, Church of South India and mayor Tony Chammany were present at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17366028", "title": "Two held for drinking at wine shop", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons were arrested by excise officials for consuming liquor near a wine shop in Ameerpet on Sunday. Excise officials said raids were conducted at some places in Ameerpet and two persons were found consuming liquor at an open place near a wine shop, which is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365970", "title": "New drug for TB in the offing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A new drug for tuberculosis (TB) is in the offing, thanks to the efforts of a unique initiative called the 'open source drug discovery' unit. The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), which is the lead organisation of the unit, started four years ago, pooled in resources and scientists from across the globe to develop the drug.CSIR director-general professor Samir K Brahmachari, who is also the chief mentor of OSDD, told reporters here on Sunday that it had become necessary to come up with a new drug as the first drug was developed more than 50 years ago. He said the OSDD concept was unique in the sense that a pool of scientists interested in contributing their research and ideas for developing the new drug.Samir Brahmachari also explained the concept of 'open source drug discovery' as an innovative model for affordable healthcare for all' while delivering the 25th Foundation Day lecture of the CSIR-Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) here. \"Major pharma companies are not interested in a TB drug because it is a poor man's disease and does not fetch them enough money,\" Brahmachari said in reply to a question at the post-lecture press conference.Though the world has declared a fight against TB, India was still far in the battle. He said every day at least 1,000 people die of TB in India. \"By 2022, we want to completely eradicate TB from India. With the availability of the new drug the death rate can be brought down to at least 10 per day, and this would serve its purpose,\" he said.Brahmachari explained that TB also results due to exhaustion and it is mostly the poor, like cycle rickshaw pullers who indulge in hard physical labour and are susceptible to it. The CSIR has developed electric rickshaws which are being used in various cities and towns, including Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.The new drug will go for clinical trials very soon. The effort of the OSDD has been funded by the CSIR and so far it got Rs 50 crore. Since the initiatives to find new drugs like cure for malaria will have to continue, an amount of Rs 600 crore will be sanctioned under the 12th Plan. CCMB director Ch Mohan Rao said ultimately the effort was to make low-cost drugs and effective generic drugs available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370904", "title": "Producer MS Raju\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s titles surprises everyone", "text": "Tollywood producer MS Raju, who usually comes up with interesting titles for his films, has thrown in yet another surprise. The latest we hear is that the passionate producer has registered a title RUM ( Rambha , Urvasi, Menaka) at the film chamber for one of his upcoming films. It's being buzzed that Trisha has signed MS Raju's new movie and rumor mongers have it saying that the title RUM will be for Trisha's film, although not announced officially.Another title Bow Bow was also registered by the producer and we wonder if the producer is coming up with an experimental film like Eega. We need to wait for some more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371117", "title": "Shadab ready to stick his fans with Fevicol se", "text": "The most awaited item number of the movie 'Dabangg 2', 'Mere photo ko seene se yaar chipka le saiyan Fevicol se' is ready to rock the music charts it seems. The raunchy item number of Chulbul Pandey aka Salman Khan, is sung by Sufi singer Shadab Faridi along with Wajid Ali and Mamta Sharma. The song features Kareena Kapoor in an all new avatar. The actress is seen flaunting a sexy choli and a gorgeous ghagra and is accompanied with her latkas and jhatkas in this song.Shadab Faridi will also be seen breaking Guinness records in his forthcoming Bollywood movie The City That Never Sleeps , starring Pooja Missra and Veena Malik, which is produced by Satish Reddy and directed by Haroon Rashid.\" Fevicol se is a very interesting song of the movie and is beautifully picturised on Kareena. As a singer I feel very lucky that I got a chance to be a part of a Salman Khan movie. As a sufi singer it's great to work with Bollywood's Khan,\" says Shadab.Shadab Faridi has a rare blend of unique and powerful voice. He has carved a niche for himself in Sufi singing as well. He belongs to the Saharanpur gharana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17366092", "title": "Whistleblower kids give littering Iffi crowd tough time", "text": "PANAJI: Class VII student Mikhail Mendes has decided to take the role of a whistleblower to a different level. Mikhail and schoolmates from Don Bosco High School-Paul Dias and Andre D'Souza-spend two hours everyday, from 7pm to 9pm, holding up placards at the food stalls outside the International film festival of India (Iffi) venue asking people to discard disposable plates, spoons and cups in garbage bins.Their weapon is a whistle which a volunteer blows when he sees a person trying to discard waste in the river Mandovi or dropping it on the floor. All other volunteers then follow the sound of the whistle and keep blowing it till they have gathered enough attention from those around to embarrass the person littering.The children find it a lot of fun. \"On the third day of Iffi we blew the whistle at one person who was littering and he jumped as though there was a snake at his feet. He had no clue what was happening until we asked him to pick up the plate he had dropped and put it in the dustbin,\" Mikhail said.The children volunteered after they were made aware of the cause by members of a citizen-based group Aamchi Panaji. A few children from Panaji who had come to eat at the stalls were so inspired by the initiative that they decided to join it.\"Some people when they are caught littering make excuses that they are not from Goa. Some of the repeat crowd at the stalls, who know of the campaign, throw garbage in the bins because they are aware that we are watching,\" says Achintya Bhobe, a Class VIII student at Mushtifund High School, who heard of the initiative from his tutor.\"It is not true that it is non-Goans who litter. Most of the people we have caught are Goans. We make them promise that they will never throw garbage on the streets or in the river again. Some deny littering to save themselves the embarrassment. Most are cooperative and throw the garbage in the dustbin immediately,\" adult volunteer Dhirita Fernandes said.Volunteer Richard Dias said foreign delegates are more gracious in accepting their fault in littering than Indians.The children's efforts has reduced littering at Iffi by 80% and the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has lent its hand, or rather whistle, to the campaign bringing the festival generated waste down by 3,000 tonnes so far this year. The campaign has found a volunteer in CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues, who spends two to three hours after office with a whistle and placard in hand.\"As compared to the first day of the festival, you will see only 10% litter around even with so many foodstalls and the high density of the crowd. CCP has made it mandatory for stalls to replace paper plates with biodegradable ones made from dried leaves and banned the use of plastic. This has reduced waste generated at Iffi from 5,000 tonnes last year to 2,000 tonnes this year,\" Rodrigues said.When they are not blowing the whistle, the volunteers can be seen picking garbage lying around and disposing it in garbage bins.\"The best part is that parents can now be seen telling their children not to litter as they are being watched by the whistleblowers. This leads to education of the children,\" former CCP councillor Patricia Pinto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17367103", "title": "Alumni walk the down memory lane at BIT Sindri get-together", "text": "SINDRI: The very urge to contribute something to their alma mater brought them to the institute and the moment they entered the sprawling campus of the premier engineering college, they became nostalgic.Right from old memories of their student life, hostel rooms, mess, interaction with students loitering around the campus - they wanted to share everything with their wives and children while taking a stroll around the class rooms and hostels.The place where they used to assemble in the evening, the tea stall and the eating joint, all came alive in their memory. The occasion was annual alumni meet of BIT Sindri.The institute campus came to life when nearly 200 former students along with their family members descended on the campus to attend the annual meet.Besides fun and frolic, the alumni also expressed their commitment to see their alma mater grow into an engineering college of national repute by talking to third year and final year students in groups, guiding them on ways to crack competitions and getting a job.Shashank Shekhar Garuryar from the National Capital Region Delhi wanted the BIT Sindri administration to play a proactive role in solving the problems afflicting the institute by ensuring a better cooperation with government officials. He also appealed the institute authorities to submit a concrete project report so that the former students could work out on ways to fulfill them.Ashok Sharma, who came all along from Dubai, wanted the institute administration to do something for the personality development of the students.\"Merely academic excellence is not enough to succeed in the present day world of fierce competition. Icing on the cake is a must to carve a niche in the job market,\" he said. He suggested the institute administration to create virtual class rooms and engage the alumni working as senior executives in organizations across the world for the benefit of the present students.Earlier Garuryar welcomed the guests and institute director S K Singh called upon the alumni to help their alma mater grow. Training and placement officer of the institute Prof G Kumar lamented lack of initiation from alumni about campus placements and asked them to send their respective companies for campus interviews.Nearly 50 merit-cum-need based scholarships worth Rs 1.89 lakh started by different alumni were distributed among students. The 1982 batch running a shield for best branch was given to the mechanical engineering branch.The foundation stone of an open theatre-cum-garden near the metallurgical engineering building, funds for which is to be provided by the 1970 batch of the institute, was laid by director Singh on the occasion.JSEB chairman S N Verma was made president of the BIT Sindri Alumni Association for the next year. Besides Prof. Pankaj Rai as secretary, S S Garuryar and DNP Singh have been incorporated as vice-presidents and Prof Rakesh and Shweta Kumari as joint secretaries in the newly constituted committee of BITSAA. Shweta Kumari compered. students as well as alumni presented colourful songs and gazals on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371206", "title": "Rafi sang great songs without technical support: Big B", "text": "Praising legendary singer Mohammad Rafi, megastar Amitabh Bachchan has said it was amazing how Rafi saab sang as melodiously as he did in absence of technology.Big B spoke at the launch of 'Mohammed Rafi My Abba - A Memoir', a book written by the singer's daughter-in-law Yasmin Rafi, here Sunday. \"When we look at the great amount of work that he has left behind, we must be astonished now because Rafi saab rendered the songs at a time when the support of the technology was not there,\" said Amitabh.\"Today's music directors and technicians and singers, with all due respect, have the benefit of technology. You sing slightly 'besura' and there is a lovely machine that puts you in tune,\" added the 70-year-old, who has himself crooned some of his own songs.The actor says he has great admiration for Rafi, \"because he lived through a time and performed through a time when he was not supported by the modern technology that we have today\". Amitabh also spoke of Rafi's versatility, and recalled how he used to mould his voice according to the actor he sang for.\"Before singing a song for a particular actor, he used to ask, 'Which actor am I singing this for?' Then he would alter his voice or do something. Whether he was singing for Shammiji (Kapoor), whether he was singing for Dilip saab (Kumar), you felt that yes , this is Dilip Kumar singing or Shammi Kapoor singing. This is a quality which is very rare among the playback singers,\" he said.Rafi is known for songs like Chaudhvin ka chand, Teri aankhon ke siva and Tum jo mil gaye ho.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365835", "title": "'Gladiator' Kevin Pietersen is back where he belongs", "text": "MUMBAI: The story of Kevin Pietersen reminds you of the loyal Roman general Maximus Decimus Meridius in 'The Gladiator'.Betrayed by the emperor's son, reduced to slavery, looking to avenge atrocities against his family, Maximus rises through the ranks to make the stage his own.It's quite theatrical but so is Pietersen's story, especially with the drama involving him and English cricket authorities. Dishing out controversies off the field, dishing out runs on it, KP refuses to fade away as long as there's a battle on and he's got a point to prove.On Sunday, he had plenty to prove. There was no Commodus to fill himself with rage, but the manner in which KP walked out and belted 186 runs in 233 balls, with 20 fours and four sixes, England fans - tired of having to succumb to spin all the time - wouldn't have shied away from crying, 'Kill.. kill\"!He has almost killed India's hope of winning the second Test - only the slightest chance remains - and did it in a manner that not only restored his pride as one of the world's leading batsman but spoke volumes of his determination to do well for his country. \"I don't think too much into the future as I don't take myself very seriously. I do everything on a day to day basis. I live my life day to day,\" he said after the day's play.Alastair Cook, the England skipper, scored a classic 122, staying true to his consistent form and leading his team from the front. But his was a sedate knock compared to the Pietersen hurricane that blew India away.With the exception of Zaheer Khan, who bowled less and thus gave away less runs, Pietersen treated every Indian bowler with the same disdain as any general would in a war.Highest individual innings by England batsmen in India in Tests  Runs  Balls  SR  Batsman  Venue  Series   207  309  66.99  Mike Gatting  Chennai  1984-85  201  409  49.14  Graeme Fowler  Chennai  1984-85  186  233  79.82  Kevin Pietersen  Mumbai  2012-13  179  397  45.08  Dennis Amiss  Delhi  1976-77  178  319  55.79  Graeme Hick  Mumbai  1992-93  176  374  47.05  Alastair Cook  Ahmedabad  2012-13  175  -  -  Tom Graveney  Mumbai (BS)  1951-52     Highest individual innings by visiting batsmen at Wankhede Stadium  Runs  Balls  SR  Batsman  Venue  Series   242*  -  -  Clive Lloyd  West Indies  1974-75  187  315  59.36  Alvin Kallicharran  West Indies  1978-79  186  233  79.82  Kevin Pietersen  England  2012-13Ashwin's slow off-spin was carted all over the ground and so was Ojha's left-arm spin, which eventually did Pietersen in. But during the time he remained in the middle, the right-hander played to the arena.Of all his recent knocks put together, including the centuries against Sri Lanka at home and away, this one stood out like a beacon.\"I wasn't playing well at all in Ahmedabad. I did not trust my defence as much as I trusted it coming into this Test match. As a batter if you don't trust your defence, you try too many things to force the issue,\" he said. \"I did a lot of hard work as I always do and luckily that paid off.\"KP said if England win the Test on Monday, the dressing room which is doing \"absolutely fine at the moment\" will be even more united. \"It's fantastic. We are sticking together really well. We are all helping each other out. We are working hard as we always do and we're also not letting things get on top of us.\"It is amazing the way he says it because the world thinks his reintegration process with the England team is still on. Little do they know that Maximus, the slayer of Indian spin, has already moved on like he always does.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365684", "title": "Numbers don't count, gay walk with pride", "text": "NEW DELHI: In spite of the prying eyes and shocked stares, the LGBT community in the capital came out once again in rainbow colours on Sunday to reinforce their identities. Almost three years after the judiciary decriminalized consensual sex among homosexuals, the community feels a lot more confident. However, a sense of taboo and underlying insecurity still exist, say many at the fifth Delhi Queer Pride March.The LGBT (lesbian-gay-bisexual-transgender) parade, which was flagged off from Barakhamba Road with a giant rainbow flag, attracted people with all types of sexual orientation. The parade, however, saw a dip in the number of participants, with around 200 people - mostly youngsters - turning up this year against a few hundreds last year.People in colourful costumes flaunting their sexuality marched towards Jantar Mantar. They danced to drum beats and shouted slogans like 'Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Isai; Hetero, Homo bhai bhai', 'Baba Ramdev salwar kameez kahan chhupai', 'My mother thinks my girlfriend is a lesbian', 'fifty shades of gay' and 'Keep your laws off my body'.While tiny skirts, body-baring clothes, loud makeup and feathered masks set the carnival mood, they also unsettled many onlookers, including the members of Rashtriyawadi Janata Party and Akhil Bharatiya Kshatriya Maha Sabha, who were already protesting at Jantar Mantar.The parade, with 'genders' as its theme, demanded equal legal, social and medical rights for the community. One of the demands is to allow people to record the gender category of their choice in the national census, voter IDs and other documents.Many foreigners also took part in the march. Participants from the US, which recently legalized same-sex marriage in four more states, and the Netherlands, the first country to legalize it, hoped that the Indian gay pride parade grows larger and lobbies for equal rights.Tara (36) from the Netherlands came to Delhi from Pushkar only to attend the parade. \"In my country, which is known for its liberal policies towards different sexual orientations, almost five lakh people gather for such a parade. But here numbers are far less. But at least it's being held symbolically; I really wish it grows bigger and stronger,\" she said. Tara also felt that in India fewer women express their sexual orientation. \"In most gay parties, I am the only woman.\"Sasha Cohen (23), a student from the US, said President Obama's support for gay rights had led to wider acceptance of the LGBT community in his country.\"Thanks to the President, people from the community feel safer in most states in US. But that's not the case in other parts of the world. In India, I think there has to be a lot more campaigning for the community to open up.\" The gay pride in New York is much more vibrant and celebrated across communities like any other big religious festival, he added.Many participants were wearing masks, not ready to appear in public. \"People are still scared to come out. But the society has started accepting us. I told my mother last year about my orientation. She said she was my mother and would accept me the way I am. I think many men are able to open up to their mothers. Police have also become more sensitive,\" says Vimal Bhai, an environment activist and member of National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM).Many members say that despite general acceptance, people hardly understand members of the LGBT community.\"Homosexuality is not just about sex. For instance, we feel the same love for our partners as a married couple would feel for each other. Even if we don't marry, we lead our lives like a couple. But our lives are so much more insecure,\" said Rajesh (name changed), who wore a mask to avoid being recognized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366764", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation claims 65% of Katraj lake cleaned", "text": "PUNE: Four aerators have been installed in the Katraj lake to recycle water and increase the oxygen level. Besides, the PMC had deployed extra machinery and manpower to clean up the lake to remove dead fish and prevent breeding of mosquitoes.The civic body started the cleaning work after dead fish were found on the surface of the lake last week. Water samples collected by the civic body and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) showed the fish died due to less oxygen in water. Almost the entire lake was covered with water hyacinth.Sunil Kesari, head of garden department, said more than 65% of the lake has been cleared of water hyacinth and almost all the dead fish have been removed.Dissolved oxygen in water is vital for aquatic life. Of the 10 samples tested in the PMC laboratory, six showed 'nil' dissolved oxygen. The other four samples, collected from the entry points of the nullahs flowing into the lake, showed dissolved oxygen level of 0.5 to 2.5 mg per litre. For good water quality, the dissolved oxygen should be 5 mg per litre.\"Recently, the PMC deputed around 100 employees with three motor boats, two-earth movers and two spider machines to clean the lake. The PMC's insect control department has done fumigation to prevent mosquito breeding,'' said Kesari.Pathak instructed the officials to speed up the cleaning process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368054", "title": "Bank did not try to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcknow the customer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the multi-crore bank fraud at the Punjab and Sind Bank in Sector 24, \"Know Your Customer\" (KYC)', a mandatory provision for every bank while sanctioning loans to any customer or client, was completely ignored while sanctioning around 131 bank loans to the tune of Rs 20 crore. The fraud amount is expected to go much higher according to investigators. KYC requires the applicants to update the bank with their residential addresses, PAN numbers, names, contact numbers and other details going by mandatory guidelines of Reserve Bank of India (RBI).The police probe revealed that accused gang members Karan, Pardeep, Rajmani and Prem had opened their regular accounts in the bank and had applied for loans on the basis of fake names and addresses. Another important provision in the KYC is that the exact market value of the property that is mortgaged with the bank against the loan is to be gauged by tallying the property rates with the revenue department of the particular area and states. The police said that accused manager Rajinder Singh Kalsi did not check the market value of any mortgaged property and sanctioned huge loans against properties of lesser value in Zirakpur, Derabassi and Chandigarh.As a manager, Kalsi was authorized to sanction a loan of maximum Rs 20 lakh, but he even sanctioned loans upto Rs 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366452", "title": "World should follow India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s example: Dalai Lama", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367020", "title": "Hygiene in hand to check kid deaths", "text": "RANCHI: Anganwadi centres in the state have been asked to spread awareness on basic hygiene in the rural areas.This comes at a time when number of child deaths due to water-borne diseases is on a rise in the country.The state unit of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has asked the 38,000-odd anganwadi centres in the state to promote hand-washing among children. There are around 22 lakh children between three and six years are enrolled with the centres.According to the last sample registration survey of 2001-02, about 40% of child deaths are due to water-borne diseases. Practising basic hygiene in day-to-day life can help check the problem. Unicef state head Job Zachariah said, \"There has been no latest survey on the deaths. However, in case of a change, it will be a minor one.\"Each village health and nutrition committee gets Rs 10,000 annually under the central scheme, said Aboobacker Siddiqui P, mission director, Jharkhand Health Rural Mission.\"We have suggested (the committees) to spend that money on buying soaps as well. The fund can be spent on measures to prevent water-borne diseases,\" he said.Zachariah said the NRHM's move would help in improving child health in rural areas.\"Washing hands with soap is a preventive measure. It's a very simple step which, if implemented properly, can prevent serious diseases,\" he said.However, officials at the state welfare department are not so enthusiastic about the move. According to most of them, washing hands only in schools will not solve the problem.\"Washing hands in schools will not help much unless it becomes a habit even at home,\" said a source in the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366295", "title": "Kerosene dealer issued show-cause notice", "text": "NASHIK: Taking serious note of a 'No kerosene' board flashed by a kerosene dealer on the second day of receiving his quota, the Collector of Nashik who personally toured the city and some parts of the adjoining rural areas and found several malpractices issued a show-cause notice to a kerosene trader at Ravivar Karanja.\"It is surprising that the dealer who had been supplied the kerosene stock only a day before flashes a 'No Stock' board and on enquiry puts up an excuse to say the wrong side of the board was flashed whereas the intended message was 'Kerosene stock available'. We have issued a notice to the dealer,\" collector Vilas Patil said.The collector, who came across several supply issues has decided to conduct a stricter review of every fair price shop (FPS) in the public distribution system (PDS). \"I have wanted to review the supply department since the past two months and now I have found a number of issues that need to be addressed,\" Patil said.\"Primarily, there is a major issue with the security of kerosene drums kept out in the open. The commodity is subsidized and the dealers and sub-dealers have to ensure that there is proper storage area for the same. We have therefore decided to issue notices to all such dealers whose stocks are out in the open,\" the collector said.While the collector was satisfied to find Girnare village getting the 'Home Delivery' of ration stock (given once in three months) he said he would inspect other villages as well to see if the system was functioning. He however said that he was planning to take stock of the situation of all the dealers who lifted their stocks consistently after the 26th of every month.\"Ideally the FPS should be lifting the stocks from 5th of every month, which is not happening in number of cases. There are some FPS shopkeepers who only lift their stocks after 26th and hence we have called for the records from them to show the way they disbursed goods. Obviously those with unsatisfactory records would call for action,\" Patil said.The collector has also decided to check FPS records for their supplies to BPL and Antyoday card holders. \"The records would be inspected thoroughly to check if any kind of supplies were being deviated away from the beneficiaries,\" the collector said.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17365452", "title": "Government doing nothing to prevent stampedes", "text": "JODHPUR: Stampedes at temples or other religious spots, which attract crowds in thousands, are not an alien phenomena. One such stampede in Patna claimed lives of 20 people who had assembled to pay obeisance to the setting sun. Despite the tragic happening on a religious occasion, the government is not taking any action to prevent such stampedes and fixing responsibility for these deaths.The negligence of the government over preventing mishaps during such occasions can be gauged by the sheer fact that a one-of-its-kind report has not yet been taken cognizance of after it was submitted to the state government by the Justice Jas Raj Chopra Commission on May 11, 2011. This report was drafted by Chopra Commission after the Rajasthan government ordered it three days after the heinous Mehrangarh Fort stampede on September 30, 2008, when 216 devotees, who had assembled to pay obeisance to goddess \"Chamunda\" in the fort on the first day of \"Navratra\".For over two and a half hours (6 extensions), the commission visited all such religious spots of the state, including the Naina Devi temple in Bilaspur (HP), where 145 devotees had died during a stampede on August 4, 2008.\"I visited a number of spots across the state with a view to study the pressure of the crowd, geography of the spot and arrangements made by the administration and (or) the respective trusts like in Mehrangarh Fort and had recommended various precautionary measures to prevent mishaps,\" said Chopra, stressing on the need for forming relevant laws or acts for such occasions.But so far, this report has not yet been made public by the Rajasthan government after nearly two years of its submission to the government, who had incurred the expenditure of over a crore. The family members of those 216 victims, who had lost their lives in the fort stampede, have long been demanding that the report be made public.We met chief minister Ashok Gehlot in this regard and requested him to make the report public but nothing has been done so far. We have the right to know the ins and outs of the report and more importantly, those who have been held guilty for the stampede,\" said convener of the Mehrangarh Dukhantika Peedit Parivar Manch, Mana Ram Meghwal.EomJodhpur : Stampedes at the temples or other religious spots, which attract crowed in thousands, is not an alien phenomena. The one on Monday in Patna claimed 20 lives, who had assembled to pay obeisance to setting Sun. Despite losing lives in hoards on such religious occasion, the government had failed to exhibit any willingness to stop these accidents from happening and fixing the responsibilities for these deaths.The negligence of the governments about preventing mishaps during such occasions can be gauged by the sheer fact that the only of its kind report has not yet been taken any cognizance of in Rajasthan after its submission to the state government by the justice Jas Raj Chopra Commission on 11 May last year. This report was drafted by Chopra Commission after the Rajasthan government had ordered it 3 days after the most heinous stampeded of its kind at Mehrangarh Fort on the early morning of 30 September, 2008, when 216 devotees, who had assembled to pay obeisance to goddess \"Chamunda\" in the fort on the first day of \"Navratra\".In its stint of 2 and a half hours (6 extensions), the commission visited all such religious spots of the state, where thousands gather to pay obeisance to various deities including the Naina Devi temple in Bilaspur (HP), where 145 devotees had died during a stampeded August 4, 2008.\"I had visited a number of spots across the state with a view to study the pressure of the crowed, geography of the spot and arrangements made by the administration and (or) the respective trusts like in Mehrangarh Fort and had recommended various precautionary measures to be taken so that any mishap can be prevented from occurring\", told Chopra adding that need of enacting relevant laws or acts for such occasions.But so far, this report has not yet been made public by the Rajasthan government after over one and a half years of its submission to the government, who had incurred expenditure of over a crore. The family members of those 216 victims, who had lost their lives in the fort stampeded, have long been demanding this report to be made public.We have met the chief minister Ashok Gehlot in this regard and have requested him to make the report public but nothing has been done so far. We have the right to know the ins and outs of the report and more importantly, who have been held guilty in the report for this stampeded\", told convener of the Mehrangarh Dukhantika Peedit Parivar Manch, Mana Ram Meghwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365639", "title": "JDS plans to say no to realtors in polls", "text": "BANGALORE: To assert its 'pro-farmer' image, the JD(S) has planned to shut its doors on realtors in the forthcoming assembly elections.JD(S) supreme HD Deve Gowda told reporters at Nelamangala on Sunday: \"Ours has been a pro-farmer party and it will not change. There are many real estate businessmen seeking tickets for the forthcoming elections. Our party will not give tickets to any person dealing with farmers' land. I will not entertain them.\" The former PM said those who are 'anti-farmer' automatically turn 'anti-JD(S)'.Gowda felt that the launch of Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on December 9 by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa wouldn't have any impact on state politics. \"Several regional parties like KJP have come and gone. There is nothing for us to worry,\" he said.When asked about the decision of his party MLA CS Putte Gowda and former MLA HM Vishwanath to quit the party, Gowda said: \"We knew that they will do this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366320", "title": "AAI yet to set new deadline for Patna airport runway", "text": "PATNA: The authorities of Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport here are yet to receive the new deadline to use the existing runway beyond November 30.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) had last month extended its decision to re-notify the runway length of Patna airport to November 30. This was the fourth time in three months that the AAI had decided to extend the implementation date of its notice to airmen (NOTAM), initially issued on August 4.Given the obstructions in the vicinity of the airport, the AAI had, on August 4, issued a NOTAM reducing from August 16 the landing distance available (LDA) which would have made the airport unfit for operation of wide-bodied jets like Airbus-320 and Boeing 737.According to the revised length of runway (from Phulwarisharif end) will be 1,141 metres instead of the earlier 1,677 metre. Similarly, the runway from the Patna zoo end will now be 1,289 metres instead of earlier 1,820 metres. Aviation sources said the minimum runway length required for Airbus-320 and Boeing 737 aircraft to land is 1,540 metres and 1,790 metres respectively. The AAI found that Patna airport, which already had a short runway length, had 101 obstructions on either side of the tarmac which were dangerous for aircraft landing.Patna airport director Arvind Dubey said, \"Considering the progress of work on removal of obstacles, earlier higher authorities have decided to extend implementation of restriction plan from October 31 to November 30. But we have not received any communication till now regarding any extension of the deadline.\"According to another airport official, \"Though the 600-odd identified trees in the adjoining Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park had been pruned according to the need, some more remain to be trimmed along the Phulwari railway track and in the graveyard. Besides, light posts at the graveyard, some water tanks atop residential buildings and two mobile towers must be also removed.\"\"The state government wants the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to issue orders for the removal of obstructions on private land under the provisions of the aircraft (demolition of obstruction caused by building and trees, etc) rules, 1994,\" he said.Now, the only option is either to re-notify the revised runway length prescribed by AAI or ask the airlines to fly Airbus and Boeing aircrafts to the nearest airport in Gaya or Ranchi and transfer the Patna-bound passengers by smaller aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366155", "title": "Mumbai FC hold Mohun Bagan 1-1 in I-League", "text": "PUNE: Hosts Mumbai FC and Mohun Bagan shared points after drawing 1-1 in Round 7 of the I-League football at the Balewadi stadium, on Sunday.Mohun Bagan took the lead and played well in the first half. However, Mumbai FC shaped up their act in the second half and dominated proceedings.Bagan, donning their green and maroon colours, took the lead in the 21st minute when Nigerian striker Odafa Okolie hit home from a free kick just outside the box.The free kick was awarded when Bagan's winger Snehashish Chakraborty was tripped by rival defender Haroon Amir. Amir was given the yellow card by referee Tejas Nagvenkar.Earlier, a powerful volley by Mumbai FC's Ghanaian striker Yusif Yakubu was deftly blocked by Bagan's custodian Shilton Paul.After Bagan's goal, Mumbai FC went into the attack mode. A chance came in the 39th minute when Nicholas Rodrigues sent the ball into the penalty area but Yakubu's header missed the goal.A few minutes later, Mumbai's striker Gabriel Fernandes missed a sitter with only the goalkeeper to beat.Most of Bagan's attack came from Odafa, Stanley Okoroigwe and Chakraborty.Mumbai FC raided the Bagan defence time and again in the second half and were rewarded with the equaliser in the 62nd minute. Abhishek Yadav headed home a cross.At the whistle: Mohun Bagan 1 (Odafa Okolie 21') drew with Mumbai FC 1 (Abhishek Yadav 62').", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365868", "title": "Pilgrims hurt in bus crash", "text": "PANAJI: A bus carrying around 30 devotees and pilgrims to Old Goa turned turtle near the captain of ports at Panaji, injuring 14 people. The bus had started off from Dona Paula and its occupants were heading for a novena mass, when the accident occured.Police sources told TOI that the driver of the bus overtook another bus before he banged the vehicle at the barricade erected at the captain of port jetty, before it turn turtle. The accident took place at around 4.45am.The fourteen injured pilgrims were immediately shifted in two 108 ambulances and private vehicles to the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC), for medical treatment. \"All passengers had minor injuries, and after giving first aid, all passengers were discharged from the hospital,\" said police sources.Immediately after the accident, the driver of the bus, Vikram Naik, escaped from the spot. Later, the police had to call the owner of the bus to arrest him.\"We have arrested the bus driver under section 279 and 337 of the Indian penal code (IPC), and later, he was released on bail,\" added police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17367444", "title": "DMK plans protest", "text": "MADURAI: M K Alagiri, Union minister for chemicals and fertilisers, has said that a demonstration will be conducted against the state government by the DMK on December 1 over 'inaction' regarding dengue control in the district.Talking to reporters on Sunday after visiting a private hospital where former minister R Tamilarasi and her husband Ravi Kumar, who were injured on Saturday in an accident, are being treated, Alagiri alleged the government had failed to prevent dengue in Madurai district.\"Deaths due to dengue are high in Tamil Nadu , particularly in Melur in Madurai district. I have already urged the state government to take necessary action to control dengue. Residents of Melur recently conducted a road roko demanding preventive measures,\" he said.\"I have received several complaints regarding dengue and have forwarded them to the district collector. Even then, no sufficient preventive actions have been taken,\" he said.Alagiri was accompanied by several party functionaries including P Moorthy, DMK rural district secretary, and P M Mannan, former deputy mayor of Madurai corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17368202", "title": "200 tie knot during three auspicious days", "text": "LUDHIANA: More than 200 marriages have been solemnized in the city during the past three \"auspicious\" days. But, the coming three days, starting Monday, would not see much activity and the wedding season shall continue afterwards.Chairman of Punjab Marriage Palaces and Resorts Amarjeet Singh said: \"Marriages have started taking place after a break of more than three months. The wedding season started November 16 onwards and around 70-80 marriage palaces were booked. There were many marriages on Saturday and Sunday, it being a weekend.\"He explained: \"Weddings depend on mahurat and the dates are fixed by pandits. The reason for an increased rush is that Sunday is a holiday and the day is preferred by Sikh families. There will be no weddings on November 26, 27 and 28, and after November 29-30, there will be a lull till December 5.\"Owner of a private marriage palace-cum-resort Gurjeet Singh said: \"We have made bookings up to December 14, except the odd days. Marriage season lasts for 35 days due to myths that winter is the best time to get married.\"Dugri resident Manpreet Kaur, who is a family friend of Sargam and Abhishek Singh of Ferozepur road who got married on Saturday, said: \"The family consulted an astrologer and the shubh mahurat was fixed on November 24 and after discussion, families of the bride and groom accepted the date for solemnizing the marriage. I have attended six marriages in the city in the past three days and I have already received invitations for marriages in December.\"A temple priest in Haibowal, Jagdish Sharma, who carried out the rituals, said: \"Mahurat had been shubh for marriages in the past few days. Lagan will be shubh for some more days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365461", "title": "Mercury continues to dip across Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: With upper air cyclonic circulation and northerly winds being active, mercury continues to take a plunge across the state. Many places in the state also witnessed a drastic dip in the day temperatures. Churu remained coldest in the state with a minimum temperature of 8.2 degrees Celsius. Met office said in the upcoming week extreme cold conditions would prevail in state including Jaipur and the minimum temperatures would be around 10 degrees Celsius.The city-dwellers witnessed a chilly morning with minimum temperatures of 12.5 degrees Celsius. Day-time temperatures also dipped to 29.6 degrees Celsius, almost two degrees below normal.Early morning mist is bothering farmers as it is harmful for vegetable crops. Despite being a Sunday, the streets looked deserted, whereas, those who braved the chill and arrived at shopping malls and hang out joints such as Gaurav Towers and Statue Circle were well-clad in woolens.No early morning fog was reported in or around Jaipur, said Met.Met also said winter has fully set in the state, especially in western Rajasthan. In the coming week, the temperatures would take a further dip. \"A drastic dip in the mercury could be felt across the state during the coming week. Jaipur is likely to witness minimum temperatures below 10 degrees Celsius,\" a Met officer said.Churu was followed by Pilani at 9.6 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 10.1, Jaisalmer 11.8, Chittorgarh 11.9, Bikaner 12.0, Udaipur 12.4, Jodhpur 12.5, Kota 14.4 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 15.0 degrees Celsius.With the western disturbance moving away, the northwest plains will experience clear and sunny days with temperatures around 30 degrees. However, the morning temperatures will drop drastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367883", "title": "Mysore will get free gym for blind", "text": "MYSORE: It's a novel idea supported by novel equipment: a gym for the visually challenged.Dispensing with the idea that being physically fit and boasting of an eight-pack is the domain of normal people, Mysore is getting a new special gym that will be extended to other disabled persons later.The gym, said to be the first such in the state, is an initiative of Divya Jyothi Charitable Trust. Trust founder M A Shivaprakash told STOI: \"Even the visually challenged have to maintain physical fitness. But none of the gyms cater to this section because of the safety factor. So I came up with this idea.\"The Trust does not have a field for the visually challenged to take up physical exercises. But students who utilize its library are trained in yoga and pranayama. The gym will attract the visually challenged to tone up their bodies, and will be free of cost, said Shivaprakash.The gym equipment has already arrived and is yet to be installed. A sponsor had given a treadmill, vibrating machine, shoulder press, chest bench, dumbbells, abdominal machine and other equipment worth Rs 3.5 lakh. The equipment has to be altered to suit the needs of the visually challenged, keeping their safety in mind.\"We have a trainer and are interacting with physical fitness experts to guide us in this matter. The gym will be ready in another month or so,\" added Shivaprakash.The Trust is also taking tips from Bangalore-based visually challenged gym trainer Raghu. Initially, the yoga teacher will also manage the gym.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370555", "title": "Anupriya's quiet birthday", "text": "Anupriya Kapoor, who catapulted to fame as Tani of Tere Liye, turns a year younger today. And the actress revealed her birthday plans in a candid chat with TOI.\"I haven't planned anything yet because only my mother and I are in Mumbai. My grandmother has to undergo dental surgery, so she has been taken to Delhi by my brother Vyom. We may plan an impromptu outing and dinner.\"What we don't know about Anupriya is that she prefers to bake her own birthday cake instead of it them from outside.And unlike her contemporaries, she does not believe in throwing grandparties. She gets bored within minutes of entering a disc or a club. \"\"I usually do not celebrate my birthday because I think I am not a kid anymore. Rahi party ki baat toh I am not at all a party animal. I start feeling suffocated because of the loud music, but yes I like small get-together with family and friends ,\"\" says she.She has been missing from the tube for a long time (she was last seen in a reality show). Ask her about the reason, pat comes the reply, \"\"I have stopped being desperate. I want to do power-packed, lead roles. I don't want to do cameo or episodic roles. I am getting offers but things fail to fall in place. Sometimes the show gets scrapped or the channel recommends some other actress. I got some offers to replace actress, but I declined politely as I don't want to do replacements.\" Hope this birthday brings you all the luck and the kind of roles you aspire to play!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365717", "title": "Five booked in vehicle loan frauds", "text": "NAGPUR: Five people, including a woman, were booked in two almost similar cases of forgery and cheating where the accused duped a private financing institution to the tune of nearly Rs15.72 lakh by defaulting on the instalments of vehicle loans.In the first case, the financing bank filed a complaint against Mohansingh Singh Saini, Jogindersingh Saini and Jigwindersingh Saini who had procured a vehicle loan of Rs10,65,777 in March 2007. They were supposed to pay monthly instalment of Rs27,560 but did not repay the loan, the bank stated.The bank lodged the second complaint against Shaikh Mohammed Aseen and Mohammed Iqbal Abdul who had taken a vehicle loan of Rs5,06,929 in January 2007. The duo defaulted on the monthly instalment of Rs18,720, it has been learnt.Sources in Sitabuldi police station stated that the bank had approached the court, which issued the order for registration of offence. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17367656", "title": "Morsi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s decree is temporary, says Egypt government", "text": "CAIRO: The Egyptian presidency said on Sunday it was committed to engaging \"all political forces\" to reach common ground on the constitution and stressed the \"temporary nature\" of a decree expanding President Mohamed Morsi's powers.\"This declaration is deemed necessary in order to hold accountable those responsible for the corruption as well as other crimes during the previous regime and the transitional period,\" the presidency said.Meanwhile, state media reported Morsi will meet members of the country's highest judicial authority, the Supreme Judicial Council , on Monday to discuss his decree shielding his decisions from judicial review.Facing a storm of protest from judges and political opponents who accuse Morsi of turning into a new dictator, the presidency said the decree was \"not meant to concentrate powers\" , but to devolve them. It aimed to avoid the politicization of the judiciary , the statement said.It also aimed to \"abort any attempt\" to dissolve either the body writing Egypt's constitution or the upper house of parliament, both of them dominated by Islamists allied to Morsi, it added.\"The presidency stresses its firm commitment to engage all political forces in the inclusive democratic dialogue to reach a common ground and bridge the gap in order to reach a national consensus on the constitution,\" the statement added.Prominent Egyptian democracy advocate Mohammed ElBaradei warned of increasing turmoil that could potentially lead to the military stepping in unless Morsi rescinds his new, near absolute powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367013", "title": "Union coal minister reviews CCL work", "text": "RANCHI: Union minister of state for coal Pratik Prakashbapu Patil reviewed the performance of the Central Coalfields Limited here.Chairman-cum-managing director of the company Gopal Singh informed the minister about coal production, dispatch and over burden removal. He also informed the minister about the activities taken by the company under corporate social responsibility.Spokesman for the company said the minister was pleased to know that CCL has been steadily moving ahead on the path of growth.Established in 1975 with a coal production of 18.31 million tonne per annum, the company produced 48.004 MT in the last fisscal.Earlier in the day, the minister paid floral tribute to coal martyrs at Shaheed Ashmarak on the premises of company's headquarters and also planted a sapling in the park. He also visited Samadhan Kendra at CCL headquarters, where anyone can lodge a complaint related to the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17365911", "title": "'No solution to Benaulim trash for now'", "text": "MARGAO: The need to get more accountability from panchayat staff members was heavily discussed at the Benaulim gram sabha held on Sunday, and a resolution was adopted to issue a memo to panchayat staff if they were found guilty of dereliction of duty.Villagers alleged that certain panchayat staff members were neglecting panchayat duties and in turn various panchayat works were getting held up.\"It was resolved that henceforth, memos would be issued to the panchayat staff if the job that they were assigned to do is not done,\" said sarpanch Royla Fernandes.After further deliberations, it was decided to scrap the decision of the newly-elected body of rotating staffers and decided that the workers would continue carrying out their designated duties as practiced earlier.Sunday's gram sabha was convened as an 'urgent' gram sabha as the previous gram sabha held on November 5 had to be adjourned as three crucial hours were spent in confirming the last gram sabha minutes and in discussion over the action taken report.When the issue of how the pancahyat plans on disposing of garbage collected in the village, the sarpanch stated that until the panchayat finds a suitable land site for garbage disposal, nothing could be done, and pointed out that the Goa state pollution control board had earlier rejected two sites identified by the pancahayat.Currently, a private contractor picks up garbage, and at the earlier gram sabhas, objections had been raised after it was revealed that the garbage was being dumped in Verna near the source of river Sal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17367210", "title": "Endosulfan cases in Kundapur", "text": "MANGALORE: It could be just the tip of the iceberg. The Human Rights Protection Foundation, Udupi, has detected 13 cases of alleged endosulfan poisoning in Kundapur taluk.Foundation president Dr Ravindranath Shanbhag told TOI: \"Recently, we had organized a seminar on endosulfan tragedy at Kundapur where 13 persons with various disabilities had come to the venue with a hope of getting some relief.\"Of the 13, seven started developing problems associated with poisoning after puberty, three of them had mental disabilities and a like number had physical deformities.What made the foundation suspect that there may be cases in Udupi district too? Dr Shanbagh said: \"Initially, we had no idea even the Dakshina Kannada district had endosulfan poisoning cases. fter some legwork, we found out that aerial spraying was done by the Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation (KCDC) over plantations in Nellyady and Kokkda villages. When we went deeper, we came to know that aerial spraying was done in more than 92 villages in four taluks of the district.''According to information secured through an RTI query, aerial spraying was done in 5,998 hectares of land in 75 villages in Udupi district and 38 villages of Moodabidri from 1989 to 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372463", "title": "Berry wants permanent protection order against", "text": "Halle Berry, who's ex got into a fistfight with her new lover over this Thanksgiving weekend, will be taking Gabriel Aubry to court again to make the restraining order permanent, it has been revealed.As a result of the fight, the actress and Olivier Martinez got an emergency protective order against Aubrey.A judge granted the temporary order, which stated that the Canadian model is currently not allowed to come within 100 yards of the couple and his four-year-old daughter with the actress, Nahla.According to TMZ, the emergency protective order is said to be lifted on Tuesday but now the former Bond girl will be taking her ex to court again to make the restraining order permanent.If the request is granted by the court Gabriel will not be allowed near his daughter for an undetermined period of time.\"If Gabriel can't control himself enough to protect Nahla from emotional trauma, it's too risky for him to be around the child, Halle, or her fiance,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source as telling TMZ.The psychical fight occurred after Aubry showed up at the couple's house on Thanksgiving and got into an argument with Martinez.After Martinez reportedly told Aubry \"We have to move on\", the Canadian model is said to have retaliated and pushed the French actor and tried to punch him before a full blown fight broke out.Aubry was charged with battery and taken into custody upon his discharge from hospital at around 3.30pm on Thursday - where he was treated for a broken rib and bruises to the face.He was later released on 20,000-dollar bail, after which the emergency restraining order was granted to the Oscar-winning actress, her fiance and her daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372435", "title": "Vijay's silver jubilee as a singer", "text": "While Vijay fans are still rejoicing the success of Thuppakki, the actor who is busy shooting his next flick with A.L Vijay in Mumbai is getting ready for his silver jubilee song. Post the success 'Google Google' in Thuppakki it looks like the actor is taking his singing career seriously.Vijay is all geared up to sing his 25th song, once again in GV Prakash's tune and the lyrics for the song is said to be penned by Na. Muthukumar.The team is in Mumbai for the first schedule and Amala Paul has just joined the crew yesterday. Since Vijay is in Mumbai shooting the song would be recorded in a Mumbai studio this week. All Vijay fans could probably expect another peppy number by the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368140", "title": "Cocoon a baby with care", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For a young mother, it's heartbreaking to see her fragile-looking newborn cry in pain due to a blocked nose and congested chest. The immediate response is usually wrapping the bundle of joy in layers of clothes. However, that actually worsens the condition as it could lead to the baby suffocating under those heavy woolens. Doctors advise that a little caution at this time can make your baby survive the cold comfortably.\"We often come across cases where parents almost stuff the child with clothes. A good thumb rule is that the baby just needs a layer more than the mother is wearing,\" Dr R S Bedi, a city-based pediatrician suggests.Though coconut oil massage is considered beneficial for infants, hard kneading is not recommended. In addition, sufficient exposure to the sun acts as an antiseptic. \"Babies must be wrapped and laid on their back under the sun from 10am till 11am during winters. This helps make up the deficiency of vitamin D, which is vital for growth and also keeps them warm,\" Bedi adds.Frequent diaper change is also advised. \"Soaked diapers can leave rashes and harm the tender skin. Babies' skin is dry and a dry weather can make it worse,\" says Dr Ajay Verma, a Panchkula-based physician.Cradle cap is also commonly seen in infants who are not given bath during winters. \"We recommend bathing or sponging the baby in the room and not the bathroom, which is comparatively colder. For chapped skin, milk cream is the best natural product. The soap used must have a neutral pH \u00e2\u20ac\u201d (acidic),\" says Bedi.Breastfeed is the most vital fluid for hydration and building immunity. \"Whenever the baby demands feed, it must not be ignored. It is safe to take baby out wrapped in flannel blanket during the evening, but not at night. Rooms must be maintained at temperature between 23-24 degrees celsius. Overheating can also result in uneasiness for the baby,\" says Dr Deepak Gupta, a city-based doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17366801", "title": "Jilted lover abducts girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A jilted lover tried to abduct a girl from outside InfoCity campus in Gandhinagar on Sunday afternoon. Teams of Gandhinagar and Kheda police officials swung into action and rescued her in a matter of two hours. The youth was brought to Gandhinagar for further questioning late on Sunday night.Ananya (name changed), 23, a native of Bihar , who joined a software firm's Gandhinagar office as an intern last month, stayed at the company's guest house in the InfoCity campus along with other girls. At 2 pm on Sunday when she came out of the InfoCity campus' gate, a white SUV stopped near her and before she could react, two youths rushed towards her and forcibly pulled her into the vehicle.Chirag Panchal, an engineer on the same campus, saw the incident and tried to stop the SUV but in vain. He then informed the city police control room about the incident along with the car number. \"Sharad Singhal, superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, immediately called up the local crime branch (LCB) and Sector 7 police officials and ordered the teams to track down the vehicle,\" said Sector 7 police station inspector S S Gadhavi.\"We informed the nearby police stations in the district to keep an eye on the check posts for the SUV. We also circulated the vehicle's registration number provided to us by Chirag. We got a good support from Kheda police officials as they reported the vehicle matching the description at 4 pm near Thasra check post. The policemen on duty stopped the SUV and confirmed the presence of the girl. A team of Gandhinagar was dispatched to the spot to bring the girl and the youths back,\" said Singhal.Investigators said that the youth was identified as Dara Hardayal Singh, 23, a student of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. \"In his interrogation Singh said it was a case of one-sided love affair. Singh was pursuing Ananya for some time after they met in Mumbai. Prior to this, she had complained about him to her parents after which they had warned him not to approach her. He, however, had traced her and had come to kidnap her. More will be known only after he along with three other youths are brought back to Gandhinagar,\" said a Gandhinagar police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366979", "title": "Airports Authority of India suspends landings on secondary runway", "text": "KOLKATA: The Airports Authority of India has decided to suspend all landings on the secondary runway following persistent pilot complaints of a malfunction in a critical visual landing guidance system. Consequently, repair work on the primary runway will have to be done in the dead of the night when there are no touchdowns scheduled.The problem in the precision approach path indicator (PAPI) was first reported by a cargo flight on November 2 when readings on the distance measuring equipment (DME) failed to match the indicators on PAPI and he pulled out of the landing sequence.PAPI consists of four equally spaced light units next to the runway that are colour coded to provide visual indication. The pilot knows he is on the right glide path when he spots two white lights on the inside and two red lights on the outside. Four red lights mean the aircraft is lower than the desired altitude and will fall short of the runway while four white lights mean the plane is high and will overshoot the runway.Though the apron control and technicians checked the lights before directing other planes to use the landing strip when the primary runway was under maintenance, 26 of the 40 pilots that approached the secondary runway said they had a problem with the PAPI. Following this, landings on the secondary runway were suspended. Sources, however, said Kolkata airport authorities continued to put pressure on the use of the runway for landing so that the primary runway could be free for maintenance.On Friday, four flights were officially brought in to land to test the system. While three pilots said they did not have a problem, one did. According to airport sources, officials from AAI headquarters in Delhi have now asked Kolkata airport to stop using the secondary runway for landing till the problem is identified and solved.Sources said the alignment of PAPI could have gone haywire during the runway extension work. \"There is some problem that needs to be rectified because PAPI is such a crucial system. Unless a pilot is confident about the system, how can he risk landing with a plane full of passengers?\" questioned an airline official.What is mystifying is why AAI has not got its aircraft requisitioned till now to do a calibration of PAPI. Since it is a test aircraft, it can do multiple landings on the secondary runway and check if the lights are in position or not. Sources said Kolkata airport officials may now be forced to finally get the aircraft as primary runway repair work is currently being hampered due to restrictions. This runway can now be shut down only between 1.30am and 5am when no scheduled fights arrive in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370452", "title": "Bipasha set to act in Vikram Bhatt's sci-fi film", "text": "Actress Bipasha Basu, who has experimented with various genres, is all set now to be part of a sci-fi film directed by Vikram Bhatt.\"Bipasha Basu is one actress in Bollywood who is ready to experiment with different genres. Besides, Bipasha suits the role for my sci-fi film,\" said Bhatt, who recently worked with the actress in \"Raaz 3\".\"She is a fabulous actress, and is very enthusiastic about her work. I can't think of anyone else other than Bipasha for my film. She is perfect,\" he added.Bhatt has earlier directed Bipasha in films like \"Aetbaar\" and \"Footpath\".Asked if he considers Bipasha as his lucky charm, he said: \"Nothing as such. I don't think (of her as) lucky charm, but she is definitely one actress who has evolved over the years and has proved herself.\"Bhatt says the film will go on floors next year.\"It is a very special film for me. I can't talk much about the film, but it will go on floors in May 2013. It is a very interesting story,\" he said.Bhatt has entered into a partnership with Bhushan Kumar's T-Series to produce five films that includes science-fiction, thriller and horror genre, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17367711", "title": "Porn emails at work may cost your job", "text": "MELBOURNE: If you fail to report people who send you inappropriate emails - including pornography - at work, you are likely to lose you job , experts have warned.Porn was still the most common type of offensive material being sent around office computers, said Joydeep Hor, from management firm People and Culture Strategies.Rude emails that undermine the reputation of managers or co-workers and the accidental \"reply-all\" email are also common problems, he stated.\"I just find it extraordinary people don't think records are going to be kept and they're not going to be caught out,\" News.com.au quoted Hor as saying.A NSW solicitor told News Ltd he represented a man who was fired for receiving a pornographic email from a co-worker but failing to report it.\"This idiot started sending him emails. He hadn't looked at it and he deleted most of them - but he didn't report it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17366095", "title": "Govt to seek SC permission to restart mining", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has decided to approach the Supreme Court (SC) with a plea to restart legal mining in Goa as the state's economy and employment depends on the mining industry.Speaking to TOI chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"We will file the affidavit in the mining case on or before November 28, 2012.\"Government sources said the state, through its affidavit, will assure the court that it will strictly regulate mining operations in the state.The government has also decided to intervene in the public interest litigation (PIL) in the Supreme Court filed by NGO Goa Foundation seeking action against illegal mining as pointed out in Shah Commission report that was tabled in Parliament in September.The government will inform the apex court that it has taken measures to regulate mining and will seek appropriate directions to regulate the mining industry.The state will also inform the SC that it has already suspended mining operations, is currently verifying documents and that mining firms having necessary documents will be allowed to start mining.The government is under pressure from the mining lobby and mining dependent people to restart mining in the state. In an interim order the Supreme Court had halted all mining operations in the state.SC had also appointed the central empowered committee (CEC) to inquire into allegations in the Shah Commission report. CEC is expected to submit its report by November 30.Directorate of mines and geology that was asked to clarify some of the data submitted to CEC, will submit the clarifications on Monday. Similarly, mining companies that were asked to file views in the alleged illegal mining activities in their respective mines are expected to furnish the replies in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367737", "title": "New IIMs likely to push Bill, seek credibility for courses", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union ministry of human resource development is working on the Institutes of Management Bill which is expected to make way for the country's premier B-schools to be declared institutes of national importance. The bill, proposed five years ago to bring the IIMs under the purview of Parliament, is expected to be modelled on the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961.The newer of the 13 IIMs are expected to push for the bill as it will allow them to award degrees and lend credibility to their courses. \"The principal objective of the bill is to ensure that the IIMs can hand out degrees for their courses,\" said chairman of the board of governors of IIM-Trichy M Damodaran.The IIMs are now considered autonomous societies and function based on individual memoranda of association with the All India Council for Technical Education and other agencies. They only award diplomas to students who complete the flagship two-year postgraduate programme in management. Many other programmes have been started, even by the newer IIMs, and there is a feeling that having the authority to award degrees like universities would help draw more candidates.The older IIMs feel more secure about the reputation of their courses garnered over the years. \"It's a diploma only by name. Our courses enjoy the status of a degree. We know this because every year at least a few of our students enroll for a PhD course in institutions across the world, including the US. So we don't know why we need this legislation,\" said IIM-Ahmedabad 2012 admissions chairman Laha Arnab Kumar.He added that non-issuance of a degree could be \"a bit of a problem\" for new IIMs, including facing issues with the AICTE, but said IIM-Ahmedabad's courses were recognised by the Association of Indian Universities on par with PG courses. \"This may be helpful for newer IIMs,\" he said.Some feel parliamentary control could also compromise the autonomy of the institutions, as it is likely to bring changes in the administrative and financial powers of the institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367864", "title": "Constable-thief partnership ends", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested a constable in the city for brazenly helping a thief fence stolen jewellery.Mahesh, a Tamil Nadu Special Police constable, sold stolen goods with his friend, Chellappan, a thief. Police officers discovered what Mahesh had been up to after duty hours with the arrest of Chellappan, who robbed gold chains from several women in the city.An investigating officer said Mahesh and Chellappan sold the loot to several pawnbrokers in the city. Police said Chellappan, who was involved several robberies and muggings, was arrested three months ago. He tried to escape from police but failed. After being released on bail, he started robbing women of gold and silver jewellery again. Victims lodged complaints with police in Perambur, Sembium, Kodungaiyur and Vyasarpadi. Investigators found that most victims' description of the robber matched and they suspected that it was Chellapan. After they arrested him on Saturday, Chellapan spilled the beans about Mahesh.Police launched a manhunt for Chellappan and nabbed him in his girlfriend Anandhi's house on Saturday. He was apprehended based on a tip-off that he frequently visited her house. \"He never attempted to mask his face, so victims could easily identify him,\" a police officer said.When police interrogated him, Chellappan revealed that Mahesh was his friend. He said they sold stolen gold ornaments to pawnbrokers.\"Mahesh reportedly had some influence with local pawnbrokers. He used this to sell the stolen gold jewellery. A resident of Villupuram said that pawnbrokers sometimes bought the jewellery from Mahesh out of fear,\" a police officer said.Chellappan and Mahesh became friends when the constable played volleyball at a playground in Vysarpadi. The playground was Chellappan's haunt. He regularly visited the place to drink liquor. When Mahesh learned that Chellapan was a habitual offender, instead of apprehending him, he helped him to sell his loot.Police officers who grilled the police constable said Chellappan and Mahesh shared the money from the sale of stolen jewe llery. Police are probing if Mahesh played any role in Chellappan's robberies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366429", "title": "Make a difference \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcO\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Mania in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: School students from Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram competed for top honours at Mad 'O' Mania, a literature festival organized by a Kochi-based NGO, Make A Difference (MAD).The events included painting competition, a Spelling Bee and a quiz for students from class III to class X. MAD volunteer Krishna Menon said, \"The programme aims to create awareness among children and make them more committed towards social causes. We want to help the not-so-lucky children in our society and also provide them with all kinds of opportunities. All the funds raised will be used for education of children in orphanages\".Nearly 300 students participated in various competitions . Sixteen schools, including 10 from Kochi and six from Thiruvananthapuram, made it to the finals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366596", "title": "Dowry case filed against Lucknow-based doctor", "text": "BHOPAL: A 26-year-old woman doctor lodged a complaint against a Lucknow-based doctor for allegedly demanding dowry from her family and backed off from marrying her when the demand was not fulfilled.Kamla Nagar police have registered a case of dowry in this regard on Saturday. The complainant, a resident of Kotra Sultanabad, reportedly told the police that her marriage was fixed with Aditya Gaur of Vikas Nagar in Lucknow. The marriage was scheduled to be solemnised on November 24.However, as the date approached close, Gaur started demanding Rs 5 lakh cash and a four-wheeler as dowry. But when the young woman's family told informed him that they were unable to meet the demand raised at the last minute, he broke the marriage, police said.The police said family had already paid Rs 1.55 lakh to the accused in the past and later raised an additional demand of Rs 5 lakh cash and a car. However, when family asked him to at least return the Rs 1.55 lakh already given to him, the accused allegedly threatened the family with dire consequences and that he had spent the money, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366614", "title": "Being born a Muslim is a crime in Congress party: former MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Former MP and head of the Indian Olympic Association, Aslam Sher Khan, has alleged that top leaders of the Congress party from Madhya Pradesh are trying to side-line him just because he is a Muslim.\"I am the senior-most Muslim leader of the Congress party in Madhya Pradesh. I have been attached to the Congress for the past 32 years and was given tickets to contest Lok Sabha elections by the party high command through the decades from Indira Gandhi, Sanjay Gandhi, Rajeev Gandhi to PV Narasimha Rao,\" a peeved Aslam Sher Khan told TOI.\"For the first time in the history of the Congress party, I feel as though being born a Muslim is a crime,\" Khan said on Sunday. \"There is a clear division in the party with a privileged creamy group of persons including feudal lords and industrialists on one hand and Muslims, Dalits, tribals, backwards on the other. The privileged class will lead while we will be left behind,\" he added.The former member of the Indian hockey team argued that he was hurt by the behaviour of central leaders who refused to take him along to meet AICC president Sonia Gandhi after a coordination committee meeting at 24, Akbar Road in New Delhi on Saturday evening.There are 14 members in the Madhya Pradesh Congress coordination committee including union ministers Kamal Nath , Jyotiraditya Scindia, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh and central leaders like Suresh Pachauri, Satyavrat Chaturvedi. AICC general secretary in-charge of Madhya Pradesh BK Hariprasad is also part of the coordination committee. According to Khan, all members of the coordination committee were summoned for a meeting to discuss and sort out differences between warring factions within the MPCC so that assembly election 2013 could be fought together against the ruling BJP.\"This was a much-sought after meeting and we were told that the party president would be present. But BK Hariprasad said that Sonia Gandhi was busy and a delegation of six to seven persons would go to her residence at 10 Janpath and brief her. We were made to wait for one-and-a-half hours at the party headquarters and then asked to sign on a piece of paper. The privileged men went ahead to brief the party president and did not even return to tell us what was said,\" an irate Khan, who was elected to the Lok sabha from Betul constituency in 1984 and 1991 said.Leaders who met AICC president Sonia Gandhi's residence on Saturday evening included BK Hariprasad, Digvijay Singh, Kamal Nath, Suresh Pachauri, Jyotiraditya Scindia and PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria . \"They left those who represent minorities, Dalits, backwards and women from meeting the party president,\" Khan alleged. \"We represent communities that are the backbone of the Congress party and yet there is no place for us. NP Prajapati who is a Dalit leader was not included neither was Indrajit Patel representing the OBC or Manju Rai who is a woman. And I am a Muslim.''Khan accused that the Congress has lost elections in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Bengal because of this continuous insult that is heaped on the less-privileged communities. \"In Madhya Pradesh we have lost every successive election from assembly to local bodies because of this attitude of central leaders,\" he said. \"But this will not go on. I have vowed to stay within the Congress and show the party how important and strong the minority communities can be,\" he threatened.Aslam Sher Khan is the second person in recent times to hurl accusations against central leaders. Earlier this month, MP from Dewas- Sajjan Singh Verma had pointed out that Congress leaders don't want to leave their air-conditioned comfort while the RSS campaigns for the BJP were living on just roasted gram dal and water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367123", "title": "Samsung's Galaxy Note II infringes patents: Apple", "text": "Apple Inc sought to add infringement claims over six more Samsung Electronics Co products including the Galaxy Note II to its multibillion-dollar patent lawsuit against the South Korea-based company.Apple has said that Samsung products running on the new Android \"Jelly Bean\" operating system, and other products running on the \"Ice Cream Sandwich\" system should be added to the case, according to filings in San Jose federal court in California. Jelly Bean is Google Inc's latest version of the Android operating system that runs on Samsung mobile devices.Apple on Nov 23 asked the court to add to its case the Galaxy S III, running the new Jelly Bean system, the Galaxy Tab 8.9 Wifi tablet computer, the Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and the Rugby Pro and Galaxy S III mini, according to court papers.\"Apple has acted quickly and diligently to determine that these newly released products do infringe many of the same claims already asserted by Apple, and in the same way that the already-accused devices infringe,\" the Cupertino, California- based computer-maker said in its filing.The claims were filed as part of a second patent suit between the mobile-device giants in San Jose federal court in which Samsung is targeting Apple's iPhones, iPad and iPod Touch devices, while Apple has named more than 20 Samsung devices.In an earlier lawsuit that went to trial in July, a jury found that Suwon-based Samsung infringed six of seven Apple patents at issue and awarded $1.05 billion in damages.In the first case, US District Judge Lucy H Koh scheduled a Dec. 6 hearing for Apple's bid for a permanent US sales ban on eight Samsung smartphone models and the Tab 10.1 tablet computer. She will also consider Samsung's bid to get the verdict thrown out based on claims of juror misconduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365841", "title": "Food from across world, jaimalas from Thailand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shaadis this season are bringing guests a touch of the exotic minus the necessary travel and boarding expenses. Whether it is cuisine from Japan or flowers from Thailand, you have it and more at a Delhi wedding.Not only the wedding decorations but also the spread is undergoing a sea change. Besides having the usual Indian and Chinese fare, more and more people are opting for French, Italian, Thai and continental cuisine.Sushi, the popular Japanese fish dish, is the flavour of the town with Italian food a close second. Thai cuisine is also gaining ground.\"We get all kinds of demands. A basic menu includes Chinese and Italian dishes. Some clients have even asked for Thai and French food. A barbeque is also something people look forward too,\" Amit Chauhan of Pickle Night Food and Beverages Private Ltd said. The minimum cost is Rs 500 per plate and can go up to Rs 7,000. Purushottam of the same company said the number of dishes at a feast often touches 200.As far as the most important item used in decoration - the flowers - are concerned, marigold is the perennial favourite for rituals but orchids, lilies and geraniums are fast replacing it elsewhere. \"Clients now want an entire venue done up in white lilies or Leis,\" Anil Tandon, owner of Cloud 9 Hospitality, said.For jaimalas, brides insist on a specific flower and colour. Ordering jaimalas from Thailand made of exotic flowers has emerged as the latest trend. \"Many people want purple orchids. They cost of a garland varies from Rs 1,000 to Rs 10,000 depending on the flower, its availability and the way the garland is prepared,\" Naina, a florist, said.Florists say tonnes of flowers are used in decorating the venue. \"It's a huge exercise. We need at least one-and-a-half days to decorate a venue. Sometime, it takes two days. Winter is the best season as the flowers remain fresh. During summers, we have to do the decoration just 12 hours before the wedding,\" Shyam Lal, a flower dealer, said.So the next time you want to travel abroad for pleasure, you might as well get yourself invited to the nearest wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17367180", "title": "Devotees get darshan of Datta paduke atop Bababudangiri hills", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Over 2,000 devotees relinquished their Dattamalas on Sunday after taking a dip in Honnammanahalla, a rivulet near Bababudangiri hills and then went in a procession to catch a glimpse of Datta sandals in the Datta cave shrine at Inam Dattatreya peetha Bababudangiri Darga.The event organized by Sri Rama Sene (SRS) passed off peacefully. Devotees gathered in Chikmagalur city and at 10am and then joined the procession. SRS chief Pramod Mutalik led the procession.Mutalik urged the government to shift the shrine to another place.He demanded that a Hindu priest be appointed to perform regular pujas.Deputy commissioner S T Ranjankumar, SP Shashikumar, assistant commissioner Prashanth, muzrai tahsildar Bhageerathi supervised the whole event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17367465", "title": "Autism reversible if detected early: Expert", "text": "MADURAI: Mohamed, Srirish and Kumar are first rankers in their respective classes in different schools in and around Madurai. There is nothing surprising about this, except for the fact that they were declared autistic about four years ago before being enrolled in a special training centre which helped them come out of their problem.Dr Rani Chakkaravarthy, a psychologist who has been working with these children for about two years, says what made this phenomenal change possible was the fact that all these children were detected early and enrolled in classes below the age of three. She said the degree of autism in children was determined using the Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS).Three-hundred children who attended her training centre were assessed during the study period. The effectiveness of the REACH method was studied by 13 children who were regularly attending the training centre in a period of time. The autism score was measured before and after their training in order to evaluate the effectiveness of the training imparted by the child guidance centre.Asma (name changed), the mother of one boy who is topping his class in a regular school, had tears in her eyes when she said she went into seclusion and refrained from interacting with family because her son became the topic of discussion among relatives, who started giving advice on how he should be treated. \"However, when I attended a wedding in Chennai last month and the same boy was the cynosure of all eyes for his behaviour and intelligence, it was a divine feeling,\" she said.Similarly, Chellam, a mother of a six-year-old boy who is also a class topper said she had been worried when her second son did not start talking by the age of two like his elder sibling. \"I consulted many doctors, who said that delayed speech was common, but I came across an article on autism and decided to seek help. There has been no looking back,\" she said. These mothers say one of the first signs of autism is when your child doesn't make eye contact and when he or she does not answer to their names.The mothers of these children say they are now on the lookout in buses and trains to see if they can find any child with autistic signs. \"We ask them to seek help on time,\" they said.Rani Chakkravarthy, who has been monitoring these children and their parents for the last few years, says one aspect that helped her reach out to her students easily was the fact that both parents of these children were educated. Seventy-four percent of the fathers were degree or diploma holders and 65 percent of the mothers were graduates.What was surprising was the fact that none of the children taken for study were born out of consanguineous marriages and 77.1 percent of the parents did not have a family history of autism or related disorders. Over 98 percent of the parents had arranged marriages.Most of these children also had a normal neonatal history. A majority, that is 88.6 percent of these children, were males, keeping up with the universal sex ratio of 8:1 for children with autism. As most of these children came for training within the age group of 2 to 4, they were fit to be enrolled in regular school by the age of seven.\"What I tell my parents is that their children should have their undivided attention at home after they go back from the training centre. We spend about two hours, three days a week, for about two years with these children. But it is the mothers who have the major responsibility to follow our rules,\" she said.Sharada, a mother whose child has also started behaving normally after completing a year at the centre, says mothers of such children should understand that medicines will not be the solution. \"My son is not even on vitamins, but I entrust most of my daily chores like folding clothes, arranging shelves and answering the door to him as per the advice of a doctor. There is a remarkable change,\" she said.These mothers also started taking their children out and walking uninvited into marriage functions so that these children could learn to mingle with crowds. \"In the early stages, there may be some embarrassment, because one thing these children detest is a crowd. But they also learn to accept it very slowly,\" said Nandhini, a mother of a six-year-old girl. Such training is based on the REACH method which comprises instructions that enable a child to assimilate skills and learn day-to-day activities.Rani Chakkaravarthy feels paediatricians who are amongst the first to encounter children should always keep a lookout for autistic signs in children above two years, because early identification can help them come out of it completely.Autism should not be misconceived for mental retardation and the government should launch awareness campaigns for the same among the public.She said the educational sector also needs to be sensitized to the needs and abilities of children with autism. Children with autism should not be deprived of admission in normal schools, because these children have above average intelligence as proved by her students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367667", "title": "Bairstow dismissal sparks controversy", "text": "MUMBAI: In the past, the second Test of many India-England series has courted controversy and Mumbai this time is no different.In 1984, in the second Test at the Kotla, it was the rumoured feud between Kapil Dev and skipper Sunil Gavaskar that took centrestage as India lost the game.In 2007, at Trent Bridge, it was the jellybeans episode. In the corresponding Test of 2011, it was Ian Bell's run out and subsequent recall that caused an uproar.On Sunday, after England enjoyed a magnificent morning session thanks to contrasting hundreds from Cook and Pietersen, Jonathan Bairstow played across the line to Ojha and the leading edge flew to Gautam Gambhir at silly point.The fielder pouched the offering off the second attempt but replays suggested the ball thudded into his chest and hit the grille of his helmet before landing in Gambhir's palms.Bairstow was given out but accordingly to the laws of the game, he should not have been, since the ball hit a fielder's helmet. Law 32.3 clearly states: \"The act of making the catch shall start from the time when the ball in flight comes into contact with some part of a fielder's person other than a protective helmet and shall end when a fielder obtains complete control both over the ball and over his own movement. However, it shall not be a fair catch if the ball has previously touched a protective helmet worn by a fielder. The ball will then remain in play.\"Bairstow made the mistake of walking off the field before the replays came up and once the umpires called lunch, there was no chance of a return.Dhoni then had the option of recalling Bairstow after England team director Andy Flower requested match referee Roshan Mahanama to have a look.The former Sri Lankan batsman informed Flower that since Bairstow was already off the field, he could only help England's cause if umpires Tony Hill of New Zealand and Aleem Dar of Pakistan requested the Indian captain to withdraw the appeal.The umpires then met the Indian captain during lunch and asked him if he wanted to withdraw the appeal, but the Indian skipper chose not to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365567", "title": "Mela magement body largely defunct", "text": "JAIPUR: To avoid stampede-like situations like the one that took place in Patna on November 19, which claimed lives of 18 women and children, the Rajasthan government has formed a Mela Development Authority (MDA). However, the body formed to ensure better arrangements at congregations at the time of festivals and fairs is yet to become fully operational.Blotted with tragedies like the 2008 stampede at Mehrangarh Fort in Jodhpur, the state government had constituted the MDA in March 2011. It was to oversee the management of festivals and fairs where tens of thousands of people assemble.But even after 20 months, MDA largely remains defunct and has no major say in crowd-pulling festivals and fairs. The government's apathy to MDA is also evident from the fact that even office space was allotted to the authority only in October 2012.\"MDA was formed because it was mentioned in the election manifesto of the party. But it is largely defunct with no major work assigned to it. Even worse the independent status of the authority is diluted by bringing it under the tourism department,\" said a source from government who helped in formulating the Congress party manifesto.The CEO's position also remained vacant for 15 months. Against the sanctioned staff of 15 officers and 73 subordinates, the authority is making do with three officers and an accountant.\"The authority is still in its establishment process. It will take some time to become fully operational,\" said Sunil Vishoni, acting CEO of the MDA. \"As per the constitutional mandate, the authority will register the organizing committees on the recommendation of the district administration. Once the committees are registered, we look into what facilities are needed at the venue so that pilgrims or visitors can have the best experience of the event,\" Vishoni added.Refuting the charges that events go unmonitored, a senior official of the tourism department said, \"Role of authority is restricted to making operational arrangements and security ones. Moreover, only the organizers who are registered with us can avail our services. But most of the temples and fairs have their own trusts and want no government interference.\"EomJaipur: To avoid incidents like one happened in Patna on November 19 which claimed lives of 18 women and children, the Rajasthan government formed a Mela Development Authority (MDA). However, the body formed to ensure arrangements during the conglomeration of people in festivals and fairs is yet to become fully operational in the state.Blotted with tragedies like stampede at the Mehrangarh fort in Jodhpur in 2008 the state government had constituted the MDA in March 2011. Aim was to make a regulator who will oversee the management of festivals and fairs attracting hordes of people.But even after 20 months, MDA largely remains defunct and have no major say in crowd pulling festivals and fairs. The government's apathy to make MDA ineffective is also evident from the fact that even office space has been allotted to the authority only in month of October.\"MDA was formed because it was mentioned in the election manifesto of the party. But it is largely defunct with no major work assigned to them. Even worse the independent status of the authority is diluted by bringing it under tourism department\" said the source who is part of the government and helped in forming the Congress party manifesto.The chief executive officer, top post of the authority also remained vacant for 15 months. Against the sanctioned staff of 15 officers and 73 subordinates, the authority is running the show with three officers and one accountant.\"The authority is still in its establishment process. It will take some time to become fully operational,\" said Sunil Vishoni, acting CEO of the MDA. \"As per the constitutional mandate, the authority will register the organizing committees on the recommendation of the district administration. Once the committees are registered, we look into what facilities are needed at the venue so that pilgrims or visitors can have the best experience of the event,\" Vishoni added.Refuting the charges that events go unmanaged due to absence, a senior official of the tourism department under which jurisdiction the authority lies said \"Role of authority is restricted in making operational arrangements and not the ones related to that of security. Moreover, the organizers who are registered with us can only have our services. But most of the temples and fairs have their own trust and wants no interference of government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17370054", "title": "Smoking 'rots' your brain: Study", "text": "LONDON: Smoking can be hazardous not only for the health of your body, but of your mind too.Smoking \"rots\" the brain by damaging memory, learning and reasoning, researchers at King's College London have warnedA study of 8,800 people over 50 showed high blood pressure and being overweight also seemed to affect the brain, but to a lesser extent.The researchers were investigating links between the likelihood of a heart attack or stroke and the state of the brain.Data about the health and lifestyle of a group of over-50s was collected and brain tests, such as making participants learn new words or name as many animals as they could in a minute, were also performed. They were all tested again after four and then eight years.They found that the overall risk of a heart attack or stroke was \"significantly associated with cognitive decline\" with those at the highest risk showing the greatest decline.It also said there was a \"consistent association\" between smoking and lower scores in the tests.\"Cognitive decline becomes more common with ageing and for an increasing number of people interferes with daily functioning and well-being,\" the BBC quoted Dr Alex Dregan, one of the researchers, as saying\"We have identified a number of risk factors which could be associated with accelerated cognitive decline, all of which, could be modifiable.\"\"We need to make people aware of the need to do some lifestyle changes because of the risk of cognitive decline,\" he added.The researchers do not know how such a decline could affect people going about their daily life. They are also unsure whether the early drop in brain function could lead to conditions such as dementia.Dr Simon Ridley, from Alzheimer's Research UK, said: \"Research has repeatedly linked smoking and high blood pressure to a greater risk of cognitive decline and dementia, and this study adds further weight to that evidence.\"Cognitive decline as we age can develop into dementia, and unravelling the factors that are linked to this decline could be crucial for finding ways to prevent the condition. These results underline the importance of looking after your cardiovascular health from mid-life,\" he noted.The Alzheimer's Society said: \"We all know smoking, a high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels and a high BMI [Body Mass Index] is bad for our heart. This research adds to the huge amount of evidence that also suggests they can be bad for our head too.\"One in three people over 65 will develop dementia but there are things people can do to reduce their risk. Eating a balanced diet, maintaining a healthy weight, exercising regularly, getting your blood pressure and cholesterol checked and not smoking can all make a difference,\" it suggested.The findings were published in the journal Age and Ageing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370414", "title": "Acting tough, but enjoyable: Saqib Saleem", "text": "Saqib Saleem started as a model and turned to acting with \"Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge\". He agrees that modelling is an easier job but says he enjoys facing the camera for movies more.The 24-year-old made his Bollywood debut in 2011 and says the variety of different characters that one can play is what excites him most about acting.\"When I was a model, I used to enjoy it. But now, I feel acting has given me so much to do... there is so much more to perform. As an actor, I get to do so many characters in various films. It is, of course, tougher but much more enjoyable,\" Saqib told IANS over phone from Mumbai.He did TV commercials for brands like Pepsi, KFC, Tata Docomo and Bar One before he stepped into filmdom through Yash Raj Films. Saqib says it was his visibility in these advertisements that helped him get noticed.\"The ads I did helped people to start noticing me and I got calls for audition. To audition with big production houses, you have to have a good background with commercials. I think I got noticed through television,\" he said.Asked if he has any dream role in mind, the actor said: \"If a script comes to me, I read it and I see what I can do to it. Everybody does a role differently and I give my touch to each role. I can't say that something is my dream role.\"Saqib is now ready with his second movie - debutante director Ashima Chibber's \" Mere Dad Ki Maruti\". The movie surrounds the life of a Chandigarh-based Punjabi family. Saqib plays Raj, who loses his father's (Ram Kapoor) car.The promo of the movie looks fun and it seems the movie is loaded with great comedy.Saqib says a good equation with the director and preparation helped him for \"Mere Dad Ki Maruti\".\"I just feel that if you and your director are on the same page, then things become a lot easier. The other actors of the film had a lot of extensive readings. So, once we started shooting, everything got into pace. I did not feel any pressure,\" Saqib said.The young actor is all praise for his on-screen father Ram Kapoor, who is a celebrated name on Indian television.\"I think he is just phenomenal. Of course, he played my father in the film but off sets I had a great time. We had a pretty good time shooting (together). He is very supportive.\"I am new and he was very helpful with how I should be facing the cameras and how I should be in front of the light. When I did something correctly, he appreciated it. So it feels great that an actor like Ram Kapoor liked my work,\" Saqib said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366976", "title": "Stock-taking meet on Writers' fire-fighting operations today", "text": "KOLKATA: After the fire at the SSKM Hospital on Saturday night, the fire prevention system at the Wtiters' Buildings too has come under scanner.The entire building is staring at a disaster, with electric wires hanging precariously from the walls inside the corridors. A simple short circuit could turn out to be dangerous. This is also the scene near Age-old electric wires are hanging on the walls of the corridors and the wires have been piled up and left in a haphazard way even nearthe chambers of some ministers and secretaries. In some places, even the meter boxes were found open.State PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar said that a stock-taking meeting will be held on Monday. \"The meeting will discuss the fire safety measures at the Writers' and city hospitals,\" he said. PWD and fire services department officials will be present at the meeting.It may be noted that a fire broke out at the information and culture department of the building in April this year damaging two rooms and several important documents. Earlier in February, a minor fire broke out at the DGP's chamber. Following the incident, the government decided to install CCTVs, sprinklers and smoke detecting alarms in the building. Over Rs 3.5 crore will be spent to revamp the fire safety system at the state secretariat. It was also decided that all the old electric wires will be changed and control switches will be set up in all the rooms to tackle an emergency situation. to switch off the main electric connection of the rooms in case of any emergency.Plans are also on to rope in private companies to revamp the fire safety system. E-tenders have been floated, but no private company has responded so far. Twenty-five CCTVs have been installed in various points inside the building so far and a 24x7 control room has been set up.Fire services and disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan said there was nothing to worry. \"There is a fire engine stationed at the Writers' and plans are on to collect water from Laldighi in case of a major fire. incident and high pressure lines are there.Smoke detecting system is also in place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17366126", "title": "Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi says powers temporary; calls for dialogue", "text": "CAIRO: Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi on Sunday tried to reach out to a concerned citizenry, insisting that the sweeping powers he had assumed were temporary and aimed at ensuring a smooth transition to an elected parliament, as mounting unrest claimed the life of a Brotherhood member.In a statement issued on Sunday, Mursi's office also promised that his government would include opposition members in the dialogue over drafting a new constitution.The insistence over the temporary nature of his powers came for a second time in two days as tensions flared across the country, with clashes reported between his supporters and opponents and several offices of the Muslim brotherhood's party attacked.\"The presidency reiterates the temporary nature of the said measures, which are not meant to concentrate powers, but on the contrary to devolve it to democratically elected parliament and to avoid any attempt to undermine or abort two democratically elected bodies (the upper house of parliament and the Constituent Assembly), as well as preserving the impartiality of the judiciary and to void politicising it,\" the statement read.The statement said there is a need to hold accountable those responsible of corruption under the former regime and during the transitional period, as well as to attain the rights of the revolution's martyrs, which can only be accomplished by the declaration.It also sought to assure the country's political forces will all be included in a national dialogue to reach consensus over the constitution.Angered by Thursday's presidential decree, Mursi's opponents have termed him Egypt's 'new pharaoh' and charged him of orchestrating a 'coup'. But Mursi has vehemently denied that the measures would drift the country away from the path of democracy.Fierce clashes were reported between Brotherhood supporters and opponents in several places today, with one in Damanhour city claiming the life of a young Brotherhood member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17366871", "title": "Singur works overtime for Mamata's meeting", "text": "SINGUR: With an eye on the chief minister's proposed November 30 meeting at the BDO office - over a year after she last visited the place as the chief minister on September 26, 2011 - Singur remained the hub of administrative and political activities on Sunday.The sudden change of the meeting venue triggered some knee-jerk administrative reactions. Singur BDO office and the Singur police station are getting a trademark blue-and-white makeover. But more significant was the sudden decision to start the promised college in Singur with around five rooms at Singur Mahamaya School.DM Manmeet Nanda and Singur BDO Bishnu Kabiraj also toured the Singur rural hospital, trying to make it ready for any last-minute VVIP visit.Meanwhile, the paradox of Rabindranath Bhattacharya's unwillingness to be a part of the Mamata Banerjee cabinet any longer but speak for the unwilling farmers dogged Singur on Sunday, a day ahead of mastermoshai's 80th birthday on Monday.It was not without reason though, since Becharam Manna, the new minister of state for agriculture, spent most of the day meeting Trinamool flag-bearers around Tata Motor's abandoned project site to check the mood of dissent after Bhattacharjee announced his intention to step down on being sidelined as a minister twice in the past 18 months.On Sunday, Manna chose to tour the villages hemming the project site. He urged the partyworkers to gather in numbers for the chief minister's meeting and cut short any posers on impending party problems. Manna also made it a point to visit Bhattacharya at his home. Even as he did it, several unwilling farmers of Khaserbheri went to mastermoshai's home to pledge their support. The sulking minister promised them that he \"will never dump their cause\".Bhattacharya iterated that he will go to the chief minister's meeting only if he gets a call-up from Mamata herself. \"There is no change in what I have already said earlier. I will not go to the Writers'. I have urged the chief minister to relieve me. It is for her - and the party - to decide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369327", "title": "Amala Paul joins Vijay in Mumbai", "text": "Amala Paul who is casted opposite Ilayathalapathy Vijay for the first time in A.L Vijay's untitled film joined the crew in Mumbai yesterday.Amala Paul tweeted \"Yayiee first day in my new school :-) one of my absolute fav school ... Starting a new film always makes me nervous :-D Fingers crossed\"Vijay and Amala Paul recently did a photo shoot in Chennai for the film. G.V. Prakash would be the music director while Nirav Shah would be the cinematographer for Vijay-Vijay movie.While the initial shoot for the film is set to happen in Mumbai, a major part of the film will be shot in Spain while the second half will showcase Vijay in a never-seen-before avatar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "khulna", "code": "17371198", "title": "Bangladesh not a walkover: Sammy", "text": "KHULNA: West Indies skipper Darren Sammy has brushed aside suggestions that Bangladesh were walkovers in the two-Test series which the Caribbean cricketing side won convincingly.Though both matches went the distance, Bangladesh's batting suffered final day collapses on either occasion to send the side to defeat, reports CMC.Sammy said Bangladesh had been competitive in the series, pointing out that his bowlers did not have straightforward tasks.\"We had to work for most of our wickets and the pitches were really good for batting,\" he argued.\"We stuck to our plans for most of the time. In the first innings in Dhaka, our bowlers didn't hit the areas. From the second innings and both innings in this Test, we bowled much better. Bangladesh, like us, are naturally aggressive but our batsmen were more patient and let the bowlers come to them, not try to go searching for runs. Once you applied yourself on these pitches, you were bound to get runs.\"We have a lot of respect for the Bangladesh players but we always believed that we could come here and achieve our goal of winning the two Tests, so we are just happy to have accomplished this.\"Bangladesh pushed West Indies in both Tests but lacked the killer instinct in their batting when it mattered most.They led on first innings in the first Test in Dhaka, amassing 556 in response to West Indies' first innings 527 for four declared. And even after West Indies tumbled to 273 all out to leave them with a target of 245, Bangladesh's batting collapsed dismally for 167 to hand the tourists victory.The Tigers also shone in both innings of the Test here but the first innings deficit of 261 proved too much to come back from, after the Windies piled up over 600 runs in their first innings.The West Indies have now won four Tests on the trot dating back to the clean sweep against New Zealand in the summer, and Sammy said the settled nature of the squad was playing a role in this success.\"The guys in this team played against New Zealand and were in England, with Chris Gayle returning to the team, so it's a more settled squad, just like our Twenty20 team is quite settled so is our One-day International team,\" Sammy pointed out.\"The more we play together on the cricket field, the more we know about each other. The most encouraging thing for me is that when we turn up, we know what to expect from the different players. You know what Tino Best will give you, or when Marlon Samuels goes out to bat and he starts his innings, you know what you will get from him, Shivnarine Chanderpaul and all of the other players.\"We also have guys who continue to play domestic cricket at home who perform and will challenge for places in the team. The nucleus of the team is quite settled, but the guys have been performing consistently in the last six to 12 months, so it is a good sign for us.\"The series win caps off a mixed year for the West Indies that saw them fail to win a single match on their tour of England and also go down 0-2 in a three-Test series against Australia in the Caribbean.Sammy said his side would continue to work towards playing the quality cricket they knew was possible.\"We will continue to instil that work ethic in the dressing room, and continue to go out there and do what all the West Indies fans want us to do - play a brand of cricket that the world loves to see and be consistent and try to win more matches,\" he said.\"It's a good feeling when you are winning, and it's even better when you plan and you go out and execute and see your teammates perform consistently. It was good being a part of this Test series and to see the little steps we are taking in bettering ourselves and moving up the ladder in Tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367730", "title": "Egmore to get renovated platform, overbridge", "text": "CHENNAI: Boarding a long distance or suburban train is going to be hassle-free at Egmore station, as authorities have started widening the narrow passages and improving other infrastructure. Commuters will no longer have to negotiate narrow overbridges to reach suburban platforms and long distance travellers will be able to board trains directly from the platform without using foot overbridges or escalators.Southern Railway has begun works to set right two infrastructural drawbacks at the second largest station in the city - a narrow entry-exit pathway to a foot over bridge that leads to suburban platforms and repairs at the damaged platform number two. The works started after passengers flooded railways with complaints about the inconveniences while boarding express and suburban trains.The narrow pathway to a foot overbridge which was built more than 100 years ago on the eastern end of the station has been demolished to make it wider, \"We will provide a wider entrance to the foot over bridge from Gandhi Irwin Road. The majority of the work is over and we only need to remove the old structure and build steps. It will be ready in a month. This will make it easier for people to access suburban platforms and the second entrance of the station on Poonamallee High Road. Earlier, commuters used to suffer because the entrance to the foot over bridge was too narrow,\" said a senior railway official.Platform two, which can be accessed without foot over bridges or escalators, is also being renovated after portions of it started to cave in a few months ago. Stone tiles have been dug up and new concrete slabs are being laid after strengthening the ground. \"When this platform is ready, passengers will be at an advantage because we will be able to operate more trains which can be boarded without using foot overbridges,\" he said.Further, more than 200 garbage bins have been installed at different platforms to prevent littering. \"But the station is still dirty as passengers continue to litter. Travellers should have better civic sense,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17367341", "title": "Concerted action needed to get rid of violence against women: HC judge", "text": "TRICHY: There is a need for a concerted action to eradicate violence against women in the society, as the law alone is not enough to combat gender injustice, Justice M Jaichandran of the Madras high court, said here on Sunday.Addressing a gathering at an event organised in Trichy to observe 'The international day for elimination of violence against women', Jaichandran appreciated the initiative by the women's advocates association to conduct such awareness programmes against the cruelty meted out to women in the society.\"Several cases of women being bonded labours, gang rape victims etc are prevailing in the society. Female foeticide, infanticide and early marriages are other severe problems. According to a World Bank data published in 1994, women mostly suffer from rape and domestic violence. Therefore, we should rise up to fight against the age old practices against them in the society. Moreover, there should be a concerted action by the government, non-governmental organisations, actors, health officials, judiciary officers to eliminate the violence against them because the law only is not enough to combat the problem,\" the judge added.P Velmurugan, the principal district and sessions judge, Trichy in his address said, \"Education for women is a must as it only can only eliminate such violence against them. The women first must understand their rights and such cases of violence must be brought to court. Parents should teach their girl children about their rights from their childhood.\"Trichy district collector Jayashree Muralidharan said, \"The men-women ratio of 1000:1005 in Trichy district is a healthy trend. But the child sex ratio of 1,000 boys for 958 girls in the district is a concerning factor. The female infanticide is leading to a worrying trend. Despite warnings, the scan centres are revealing the sex of the foetus which leads to female foeticide.\"Deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic) S Selvakumar said, \"If we have high regards for women, such crimes would come down. Nowadays, the women are harassed due to the domestic violence.\"At the end of the programme, a rally was carried out by the women advocates, college students and others in the city against the violence meted out to women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366544", "title": "Vague report won't do: HC", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) has directed the state government to send unambiguous report about the issues related to the encroachments around the Upper Lake of Bhopal.In a notice served to the principal secretaries and directors of the departments responsible for conservation of the Upper Lake to reply the issues related to encroachment in catchment area of the Upper Lake.The commission some time ago had asked for a report from the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), Urban Administration and Development department (UAD), Town and Country Planning (T&NCP;) Environmental Planning &amp; Coordination Organisation (EPCO) and district administration on the issue.However, the report sent by them was vague and unclear, the commission observed. The commission has asked the principal secretaries and directors of respective departments to send a fresh report which would be tabled before double member bench of the commission on December 21.The commission has asked responsible agencies to notify the exact catchment area of Upper Lake. Further, how many unlawful constructions are there in the catchment area and who issued the building permissions for them, the commission asked.Similarly, what is the definition of farm house and if farm houses on the agriculture land around Upper Lake comply with norms and diversion rules for agriculture land. Under what circumstances permission has been given for land plots at some distance from the full tank level of the lake and status of over 88 villages around the catchment area of Upper Lake.If the department heads fail to send the report by December 21 before the commission makes its recommendations, it will be understood that they have \"nothing to say \" and \"they have not initiated any step,\" said joint director Rohit Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366410", "title": "I wanted to take along IOC and government, says Randhir", "text": "NEW DELHI: He might have withdrawn from the IOA elections, but the drama is far from over. Hours after pulling out, Randhir Singh asked the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to be prepared to face sanctions if they decide to go ahead with the elections against the International Olympic Committee's (IOC) wishes.\"The reason I am withdrawing is that I want to put my foot down. What rubbish is going on? My job is to see that the government, IOC, OCA (Olympic Council of Asia) and the IOA sit together and solve this problem. If they want to carry on with the election, good luck to them. It's up to the acting president ( VK Malhotra) as to what action he takes. If he wants to hold the elections and face IOC music, it's up to him,\" Randhir, the IOC member from India, said.\"I had suggested to him (Malhotra) to take the government and the IOC in confidence and the government was willing to come on board. I had sent a letter to the government on the basis of which they wrote to the IOC. The sports secretary himself had said that 'let's solve the problem and hold the election.' But at the end of the day, let me say that I am sorry as I don't want to be a party to the work of these people who want to damage the reputation of India.\"Randhir dismissed claims that he withdrew because he knew he was staring at imminent defeat. \"We are not scared of fighting elections. We are not scared of any candidate. We had the majority and even today we have the majority. But the question is how can we go against the IOC which is the parent body? We don't want a conflict between different bodies,\" he said.Randhir took a dig at his rivals when he said that they were keen on creating confusion in the minds of people regarding the elections. \"These people are making a fool of everyone. If you are fighting under the government sports code, the IOC won't accept. If you fight under IOC, the government won't accept. And there a court case going on as well. If everyone had agreed, we could have approached the court and settled the issue. \"People have got exposed. Now everybody knows that they want to create confusion. They don't want to solve it. What's stopping anybody from holding the election one month later?\" On the campaign carried out by his rivals to show that they have a majority, he said; \"That's the political way of doing it. We are gentlemen and sports people. We will do it one on one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17367441", "title": "Stinking toilets leave passengers fuming", "text": "MADURAI: It is a common sight to see passengers, people accompanying them and the porters at the Madurai Junction station using the toilets in coaches of stationary trains.Much to the chagrin of the public, open defecation is also done towards the fag end of the platforms. The poor state of sanitation at the railway station is due to lack of toilet facilities in Madurai Junction. It is not that the Junction altogether lacks toilets, but it is if far from adequate and the maintenance is shoddy. While platform one has a paid toilet, platforms two and three have the most shoddily-maintained free use toilets. In platforms five and six too, the toilets are ill-maintained, while in the next two platforms, the toilets remain closed. These four toilets are unused for a long time, say passengers.It is estimated that more than 40, 000 passengers are handled by the Madurai Junction station from 85 trains that pass through the station every day. The toilet facilities in the Junction are certainly not enough to meet the number of passengers.The only toilet on platform one cannot be accessed by the passengers waiting for trains at the farther end of the platform. There should be one or two more toilets in place on the platform, said N Periyanayagam, a regular commuter between Dindigul and Madurai.Most of the passengers on platform number one do not use the toilet after paying Rs 2, notes Shanmugam another commuter.\"I checked both toilets in the both ends of the platform number two and three. Both were not cleaned. One person was defecating at the entrance of the toilet. She cannot be blamed for the act since the lavatory was not in a condition to enter into,\" said Anandhi, a mother of two.While toilets for upper class passengers, air-conditioned class passengers and air-conditioned waiting hall are kept clean, there is no proper toilet facility for unreserved passengers, who are the majority in number, Periyanayagam said.Passengers have also started using the old Railway Protection Force building in the Junction as a place for urination.When contacted, A K Rastogi, divisional railway manager said the number of passengers handled by the Junction has increased due to the festive season. \"We will make a study of the situation and take adequate measures,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370336", "title": "Wipro betting big on energy vertical", "text": "NEW DELHI: Software services major Wipro, which recently hived off its non-IT business into a separate entity, is betting big on the energy vertical as more companies turn to technology-centric methods for exploration and production of natural resources.Recent studies suggest that oil and gas industry is expected to grow at about 2 per cent annually for the next 20 years, Wipro Infotech vice president and head of client relationship group Anurag Mehrotra said.With increasing difficulty in accessing resources, domain-focussed technology centric and economical solutions will be in demand, he said.\"This provides a great opportunity for service providers like us having both the domain expertise as well experience of being at the sweet spot where technology meets business. And we are prepared to tap into this opportunity,\" Mehrotra added.The Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities business contributed 15.1 per cent of Wipro's IT services business revenue for the quarter ending September 30, 2012.\"Globally, we are seeing renewed efforts in exploration and production (E&P;), both in finding new oilfields as well as extracting more from existing oilfields,\" Mehrotra said.A part of Wipro's IT business, Wipro Infotech manufactures computer hardware and provides IT services for India and the Middle East region.The oil and gas segment is a large segment of this vertical. Wipro serves two of the world's five oil super majors and has strategic engagements for six of the top 10 oil and gas companies.The oil and gas business at Wipro provides high end business consulting coupled with IT services and capabilities -- managing IT to solve business problems aligned to strategies of clients.\"The strategic business unit grew 8.4 per cent sequentially and is among the fastest growing businesses at Wipro,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17367891", "title": "State to get 4,000 more NCC cadets", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state NCC will shortly recruit 4,000 more cadets as the Centre has raised the number of NCC cadets in the country from 13 lakh to 15 lakh. Brig G Subramanian, deputy director general, NCC directorate (Kerala and Lakshadweep ) said the new units were likely in Wayanad, Kasaragod and Idukki districts.The state government has given an in-principle approval to raise a new Army NCC unit at Nedumkandam in Idukki and the directorate is hoping to find land to establish a unit in Wayanad. A group HQ at Kannur is also under consideration. \"Additional cadets require extra space and functioning out of rented buildings is becoming a tough proposition across Kerala,\" said Brig Subramanian.The Nedumkandam unit will be set up in the next financial year as the gestation period by the Union ministry of defence is five-six months, the director said. \"It involves moving officers on the directive of the MoD and recruiting some 20-odd officials by the state government to take charge of the administration work.\"The NCC has already held 60 camps this year but mostly during long holidays such as Onam and at non-descript locations. This, the director says, is because they do not have a space of their own where they can hold a centralized training for 500-600 cadets for over seven days.\"We are investing in the youth. Kerala has around 77,000 NCC cadets. Starting an NCC unit at a tribal location will be beneficial for the state, but the state too must do its bit. We already have great support but the overall training is suffering because we have to scavenge for space,\" the director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365805", "title": "65-yr-old robbed of valuables worth Rs 2 lakh", "text": "BANGALORE: A senior citizen was looted of valuables worth Rs 2 lakh in MS Ramaiah Nagar, near MS Ramaiah College, in North Bangalore, late on Saturday night.The woman, Shanbagam G, 65, was alone in her house when three men knocked at her door. The men claimed they were looking for a house for rent. A house in Shanbagam's building was available for rent.The sexagenarian let the men into the house. Once inside the house, they gagged the woman, tied her up and decamped with gold ornaments and Rs 1500 cash, worth Rs 2 lakh in all. Shanbagam's two sons stay abroad while her husband passed away a few years ago.Earlier in the evening, miscreants broke into the residence of Pushpa Vani, a flower-seller, in Sampangiram Nagar and fled with gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 60,000. Police said the incident happened when Pushpa Vani had gone out. She returned home and noticed that the valuables were missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367719", "title": "Two beggars arrested, activist", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police on Sunday arrested two beggars and charged them with stealing a gold chain.Police made the arrests after a group of mendicants gathered to collect biscuits and cash being distributed by a social worker who gives aid to the poor once a week in Rajamangalam, near Villivakkam.Residents complained to police that two beggars, Kutti and Mahi Balan, had snatched a gold chain from a resident of the locality when she tried to chase them away.A senior police officer said residents had been upset over beggars gathering at Baba Nagar Colony every Saturday to receive packets of biscuits and up to Rs 50 each from Shivathanu, a social worker who lives in the area. The residents had earlier complained to police that a large number of beggars occupy the street every Saturday, blocking their gates and littering the area with garbage.\"More than 300 beggars gathered at the spot on Saturday, and residents of the area asked them to leave,\" a police officer said. \"They accused the beggars of littering the colony and making a nuisance of themselves. This led to a heated argument between the residents and beggars, and there was some pushing and shoving. Residents reported that some beggars snatched a gold chain in the melee and filed a police complaint.\"Policemen said they rushed to the spot and attempted to pacify both parties. Sivathanu denied allegations that the beggers snatched a gold chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365988", "title": "Police instal 1,000 complaint boxes in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: To keep the identity of informers anonymous and gather local intelligence inputs about anti-social elements, Mumbai police's special branch, on the instruction of commissioner Satyapal Singh, has placed 1,000 complaint boxes in different parts of the city.The boxes were placed on October 22 and in less than a month, over 3,780 complaints have been received from anonymous people. \"While many complaints were made to take revenge, several were also against police officials and their functioning. However, the most number of complaints were about harassment and crime against women,\" said deputy commissioner of police (special branch-I) Sanjay Shintre.The boxes have been placed in residential areas and at important junctions. This will help those who hesitate to go to police stations, fearing hundreds of questions asked while registering complaints. \"Quite often, victims prefer to stay in fear as they are unable to raise voice against anti-social elements. Though 1,000 boxes is too less for Mumbai, it will serve the purpose of gathering local intelligence,\" Shintre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17401124", "title": "Coal mine caves in, one killed", "text": "RAIPUR: One mine worker was killed and two others sustained serious injuries on Sunday, when a coal mine of public sector South Eastern Coal Fields Limited (SECL) caved in at Bhatgaon in Surajpur district of Chhattisgarh.Police said the incident occurred in the morning when mine workers were engaged at work in Bhatgaon mines. A portion of the coal mines caved in, killing a worker on the spot. The two others that were injured, workers, were rushed to a hospital where their condition was reported to be %stable.Police said a case has been registered and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17367760", "title": "A key that lets parents apply brakes on kids\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 speeding cars", "text": "LONDON: In a good news for protective parents, they can now limit the speed of their reckless kids' cars by using a new control key system to be available in the market soon.The system called MyKey, which will be on shelves in the UK from next month, interfaces with the computer systems on board its latest cars to place restrictions on drivers using the special keys. It works by recognizing different keys for the same car and then adjusting the vehicle settings according to the owner's requirements , with the capacity to limit the top speed to 128 kmph, the Daily Mail said.The limits are linked to the specific key, so parents concerned about their inexperienced children can limit top speed and stereo volume for youngsters while retaining full functionality for themselves.\"MyKey allows parents to tailor vehicle performance and driver environment to suit individual users,\" the company said.\"Permanent enabling of safety and driver aids and speed and audio limiting give parents greater control without impacting on young drivers' independence,\" it said.Manufacturers claim the MyKey system can also be programmed to alert the driver that fuel is running low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17367685", "title": "First Chinese jet lands on aircraft carrier", "text": "BEIJING: China announced on Sunday that it has successfully conducted flight landing on its first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, using a new J-15 fighter jet for the exercise. The announcement comes as China and Japan are embroiled in a dispute over islands in the South China sea that they both claim.China is rapidly building up its maritime capabilities amid rising acrimony with its neighbours like Japan and the Philippines. The landing was one of the key tests since the carrier was commissioned on September 25. \"The carrier and equipment have met all requirements achieving good compatibility ,\" the PLA navy said.The successful flight landing marks the debut of the J-15 as China's first generation multi-purpose carrier-borne fighter jet. The crew has completed over 100 training and test programmes. The media quoted military experts as saying that the J-15 has comprehensive capabilities comparable to those of the Russian Su-33 jet and the US F-18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370812", "title": "Aamir Khan learns swimming for Talaash", "text": "Aamir Khan who didn't know swimming at all, has finally learned swimming for his upcoming suspense drama film Talaash.That's not it, he even had to learn underwater swimming, which is more difficult than regular swimming.Aamir who plays inspector Shekhawat will be seen doing a shot of an underwater sequence.This sequence required Aamir Khan to do the under water swimming that was shot extensively in London.Undoubtedly, swimming is something that takes a lot of time, it requires hardcore practice and dedication towards leaning something completely new.Director Reema Kagti who was present during Aamir Khan's training was quite impressed. \"Aamir I really have to tell , I'm very impressed with your swimming\"In fact the entire crew was surprised to see that Aamir had picked up the swimming so soon.Aamir's trainer David helped him throughout the learning process. While he learned primary swimming from Mickey Mehta.Aamir says \"Actually Dave is helping me prepare under water sequence, he is helping me with breathing exercises which increases my lung power and allows me to stay under water for longer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365827", "title": "He taps technology to help autistic kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Just another work-day at the SAP Labs India campus in Whitefield and the team meetings were just over. Managing director VR Ferose walked up to a hearing-impaired colleague and scribbled on a sheet of paper: 'What more can we do?''Can you give me the minutes of the meeting before hand so that I can follow what everybody is talking about? was the reply.\"That's when I realized we have to change the way we work. There are different people with different needs, even in a small room,\" says Ferose.This sensitivity was triggered by many such interactions. Like when he was invited to speak at a BPO centre exclusively for the differently abled, he was told 50% of the audience was hearing impaired. \"I didn't know how I was going to convey what I wanted to tell them. But I pulled it off. Forget the weakness, focus on the strengths -- that's how I look at things.\"As a first step, SAP hired five differently abled persons in Bangalore. \"We hired them not because they were differently abled but because they added business value. They're not looking for sympathy; they need inclusion, acceptance.\"Integrating passion with work is one of his biggest achievements. SAP has partnered with Autism Society of India and Spastics Society of India for Education. Project Prayas, a SAP Labs India initiative, focuses on education, employability and engagement of autistic individuals.\"Our volunteers provide reinforced learning through technology by training educators and parents. The focus is on cognition, communication and fun through the use of iPads. Parents, educators and children participate in workshops divided into modules with targeted apps,\" he says.He believes technology can put differently abled children on a par with others. A lab launched last year conducts courses on reinforced learning for children between 8 and 15 years.Ferose is spearheading the Social Inclusion Summit in Bangalore on December 3 when a music school exclusively for special children will be launched. \"We realized music is great therapy and the school will adopt scientific methods to teach them,'' he says.His team is also developing culture-friendly apps and software for the differently abled. 'Bol' will be available free in app stores by this month-end and SAP volunteers are creating an open source content platform which could be the largest free repository of learning material for autistics worldwide.Passion &amp; compassionWhen you're passionate about something, you'll find time for it. You needn't earmark time. For me, it's not a task. Passion, compassion and business - isn't it a superb combo?VR Ferose | MD, SAP Labs IndiaCleared by Ed Sudhir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366063", "title": "Wankhede Stadium continues to win English hearts", "text": "MUMBAI: If there's one venue where England feel confident about facing India in India in important clashes, then it's got to be the Wankhede Stadium.Alastair Cook and his troops appear to have taken giant steps towards levelling the series after leaving India tottering at 117/7 in their second innings.That effectively means the hosts are 31/7 and their only hope of winning this Test is if Monty Panesar bowls right-handed and Graeme Swann bowls left-handed to Gambhir, Harbhajan and the rest of the remaining Indian batsmen.Wankhede has been kind to England since the jubilee Test of February 1980, which England won by 10 wickets thanks to Ian Botham's exploits.The legendary all-rounder picked 13 wickets and scored 114 to enable England to claim a 10-wicket victory in the only Test played in that series.The 1987 World Cup semifinal too will undoubtedly rank as one of England's greatest wins over their fancied rivals. Everyone expected India to just turn up at the venue and roll over their opponents and join Australia in the final at Eden Gardens.But Graham Gooch swept the Indian spinners out of sight to score 115 and set India 255 for victory.England spinners claiming 10 wickets or more in a Test against India  Wickets  Bowler  Venue  Series  Match Result   11-153  Hedley Verity  Chennai  1933-34  England won by 202 runs  10-190  Monty Panesar  Mumbai  2012-13  Awaited     Spinners claiming 11 or more wickets in a Test match against India in India  Wickets  Bowler  Venue  Series  Match Result   12-358  Jason Krejza (Australia)  Nagpur  2008-09  India won  11-105  Richie Benaud (Australia)  Kolkata  1956-57  Australia won  11-153  Hedley Verity  Chennai  1933-34  England wonWith the match in their pocket, skipper Kapil Dev attempted a suicidal hoick against Eddie Hemmings, only to be caught by Mike Gatting at deep midwicket. The dismissal triggered an Indian collapse and sent an entire nation into mourning.England and Andrew Flintoff broke Indian hearts again in 2002 when India, leading 3-2 in the six-match ODI series, lost by five runs while chasing 256 and were forced to share the spoils with their bitter rivals. Skipper Sourav Ganguly appeared to be guiding his side to a comfortable win, but he was bowled byAshley Giles for a well-made 80 when the team needed 65 runs in 13 overs. England skipper Nasser Hussain hoped that India would do a South Africa and choke.The Men In Blue obliged. The match will also be remembered for Andrew Flintoff showing off his six-pack abs to the crowd after picking the final wicket. After Flintoff lost his shirt, Ganguly lost his cool and threw the chair that he was seated on in the dressing room.While Ganguly only threw a chair, Rahul Dravid actually broke it when who else but Flintoff gatecrashed into his 100-Test party and stopped India from winning the series 1-0 here in 2006.Coming into the third Test, England were badly beaten in Mohali, and were odds-on favourites to crumble in the heat and dust of Mumbai too. But they found inspiration from Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire and beat India by 212 runs.The men who mattered for England were Andrew Strauss, who scored 128 in their first innings total of 400 and captain Flintoff, who scored a fifty in each innings and picked three wickets in the second to bowl India out for 100 and win by 212 runs.Wankhede has once again given England the boost and India the blues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365575", "title": "Year after blaze, Fort market cleans up its act", "text": "MUMBAI: November 26 marks a year since the Manish Market shopping arcade in Fort was gutted by a mysterious blaze. The Nutan Pushpak Society that owns the property has decided to avoid a commemoration given that Ashura, the tenth day of Muharram, was observed on Sunday.The refurbished market that was reopened last May does appear more orderly. The array of bright bulbs highlights the structure from a distance. Visitors are welcomed by patterned granite flooring at the entrance, and the loose cables that hung dangerously low are now firmly encased in a fireproof duct. The market continues to stock and sell inflammable goods like plastic, toys, garments, mobile phones and electronics.The shopping mall's keepers are keen to turn the page over accusations of Manish Market being a smugglers' haven, one that is run by the unseen hand of the underworld. Society secretary Haroon Merchant says, \"We work in a transparent way. Around Rs 3 crore was spent towards repair and we completed the task within three-and-a-half months whereas it can take two months to do up a simple apartment. All 280 tenants contributed according to the size of their shops or stalls. Every penny was accounted for and funds were accepted by cheque.\"The repair committee oversaw the task of fortifying 298 columns and 1,500 beams, also seeking NOCs from the fire department that had admonished the society for flouting safety norms.Textile businessman Yusuf Abdullah Navsariwala, who owns a shop on the ground floor, says, \"The society also pays the electricity bill for the new lights that have been installed in the corridors as well as exteriors so I save money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk", "code": "17369318", "title": "World Women's Chess Championship enters final stage", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK: The Indian interest over after D Harika's ouster, the World Women's Chess Championship entered into its closing stage in which Ukraine's Anna Ushenina will take on Anotaneta Stefanova for the top prize.The upsets continued as Ushenina made the finals at the expense of Ju Wenjun of China winning the first set of rapid tie-break games that concluded.After drawing two back-to-back normal time control games rather quickly, Ushenina struck with her white pieces in the first game of rapid tiebreaker and then drew the next to make it to the finals of the $4,50,000 championship.Stefanova will now fight it out with Ushenina for the ultimate crown in a four games match that commences tomorrow.Stefanova had beaten Harika in the other semifinal that lasted just two games. Harika had lost the first and drawn the second to bow out of the championship with a bronze medal.At the award ceremony Harika thanked everyone involved to help her get to the semifinal stage.\"I am very grateful for the support from my friends, parents, grandmother, my trainer, who teaches me since my childhood. We were in touch during the whole championship. Grandmaster Eesha Karavade sent me her opening analysis.\"Grandmaster Ganguly participated in one of my training sessions prior to the championship. Grandmaster Harikrishna also helped me to prepare for some games,\" said the semifinalist.After the ouster of top-rated Indian Koneru Humpy as early as in round two, all eyes were on Harika as she was playing quite well in the gruelling schedule.Harika thought she should have done better when asked about what she felt about her achievement.\"My friends have mixed opinions. Everyone is happy for me, but they are also a bit disappointed, because I did not advance to the final, which I feel was possible,\" said Harika.Citing tiredness as the main reason, Harika insisted that she had not lost focus.\"Cannot say I lost my focus, I just felt a bit tired. Maybe this is why I lost the first game to Stefanova.\"The championship now enters the final stage where there will be four games in all. In case of a tie, shorter games will be played to determine the champion who in 2013 will play a match with Yifan Hou of China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366182", "title": "Muharram peaceful in Patna", "text": "PATNA: On the occasion of Muharram on Sunday, several peaceful processions of mourners were taken out in the city amid tight security arrangements.The mourners gathered in large numbers in areas such as Sultanganj Bazar, Sabzibag, Patthar Ki Masjid and Paschim Darwaza. Many of the 'Taziadars' (organizers of Tazia processions) curtailed their procession this year to show their solidarity with the family members of Chhath stampede victims.\"We want to observe the martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Hussain in peace and without fear of wailing police sirens or incidents of stone pelting,\" said Azad Musvi, a member of Sultanganj tazia committee. Many residents of the area said that the presence of huge number of security personnel helped women to come out of their homes to have a glance of the mourning activities.\"There are at least 30 important gatherings, including the ones at Patna City and Phulwarisharif. Heavy deployment of security personnel was made at these places so that the situation remains peaceful,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj, adding, \"All the processions would be cleared by November 26 midnight.\"Members of the 'Taziadars' peace committees were seen camping along with the local police throughput the Ashok Rajpath, Mahendru, Patthar Ki Masjid and Paschim Darwaza to control the mourners during the processions.Several members of the Shia Muslim community, who observed the start of Muharram, said it was difficult to follow the traditions in keeping with today's urban lifestyle. \"Though I used to undergo self-flagellation, I haven't done that for the past 10 years owing to lifestyle changes,\" said Amir Rizvi of the Khazanchi road.However, there are many community members who continue to follow the tradition irrespective of their lifestyle. \"I have been undergoing self-flagellation since I was five years old. It is my way of paying tribute to the martyrdom,\" said Talib Rizvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367873", "title": "It's minister Ramdas vs MLC Madhusudana", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district minister S A Ramdas has gone on the offensive.Under scrutiny following allegations from his party legislator G Madhusudana that he is trying to grab 449 acres of land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills, Ramdas on Sunday asked chief minister Jagadish Shettar and his deputy K S Eshwarappa to order a probe into the allegations and set December 2 as a deadline for that. The issue may escalate the tension in the BJP over the handling of Chamundi Hills land row.\"If the government fails to respond, I'll be constrained to approach the High Court filing a writ petition on December 3 seeking a probe,\" he said in a move aimed at directly taking on the MLC, who is preparing to raise the issue at the House during the winter session scheduled from December 6.Releasing a copy of the letter he wrote to Eshwarappa on Sunday seeking a probe into the issue, Ramdas denied the charges made against him by Madhusudana. \"Like the MLC, I'm also fighting to protect the prime land. I've no role in the delisting of 2,000 acres by Mysore DC P S Vastrad. I've to prove this, so I'm ready for any probe,\" he told reporters.Claiming that he had left real estate business 25 years ago, the minister took on the MLC, saying that he is misreading his August 22 letter to Eshwarappa, wherein he has asked for the 'implementation' of the 1950 accord the state had entered into with the Mysore royal family. \"In the letter, I've asked for a judicial probe. Why can't the MLC take note of it?\" he said, and refuted charges that he has a secrete understanding with the royal family.In his Sunday's letter, Ramdas has referred to his earlier demand for a judicial probe, which, he said, is delayed. He has asked the deputy CM to order CID or CBI probe, but ruled out quitting following land-grabbing charges.SORE OVER DC'S TRANSFERThe minister denied that he is shielding Vastrad, but couldn't hide his displeasure for the DC's transfer and appointment of N Jayaram. Asked whether he was consulted before Vastrad was transferred, he shot back: \"I was not in Karnataka.\" When pressed, he said it is the decision of the CM and the deputy CM. He distanced himself from the government's decision. \"I've nothing to do with the transfer,\" he said, adding that he had asked the government not to transfer Vastrad earlier when Dasara was round the corner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17367203", "title": "IT companies see sharp drop in July-Sept attrition levels", "text": "BANGALORE: Attrition in top-tier IT companies has seen a sharp decline over the past year, indicating a slowdown in hiring of mid to senior level IT professionals in the current tough business climate.Wipro's attrition rate has dropped sharply to 14.6% in the September quarter from the 21-22% rates in the first half of the last financial year. TCS , the country's largest IT company, saw the rate dip to 11.4% in the most recent quarter, from 14.8% in the June quarter of last year. Mindtree's has dropped in the same period from 25.6% to 16.5%.Saurabh Govil, senior VP-HR in Wipro Technologies, said voluntary attrition (attrition that excludes firing) in the company touched a 36-month low at 12% in the September quarter. \"The tough environment is helping us to keep attrition levels low. Jobs aren't available and companies are going slow on all fronts,\" he said.Ravi Shankar , chief people officer in Mindtree, said attrition had softened as companies were hiring more freshers than lateral hires. \"We are looking at ways to improve utilization on the bench,\" he said.The IT sector has slowed down sharply because of economic weakness in the US and Europe. The industry's apex body Nasscom recently lowered the dollar revenue guidance for the $100-billion industry on account of underperformance by several of the big companies, notably Infosys and Wipro. Nasscom in February had predicted an 11-14% growth, but a fortnight ago it said it was likely to be at the lower end of this range. The unexpectedly sharp slowdown this year has also meant that companies have large reserves of unutilized employees, or what in industry parlance is called the bench. In many cases, 30% or more of employees are on the bench today. There are campus recruits from last year who are yet to work on a project.HCL's head of talent acquisition Naveen Narayanan said the company was deploying people on the bench for customer build programmes, involving high degree of engagement with the client. \"This gives them confidence and we support them through a defined reskilling programme,\" he said.Some companies say attrition has dropped for them because of special efforts to retain people. Mindtree said it had put in place a retention council headed by senior management within each business unit to address employee woes. \"They address non-compensation related problems, issues like role change, upgradation of skills. We've seen a large percentage of attrition getting reversed through this process,\" Shankar said.HCL's Narayanan said programmes to identify top performers among entry level and supervisory roles and to put them through leadership training had helped rein in attrition.Rajesh Kumar, CEO of recruitment service provider MyHiringClub.com, said attrition levels were expected to be in the 13-15% range in the current quarter, and may be fall further in the final quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370771", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMy singing career got a fillip in Coimbatore\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "For playback singer P Unnikrishnan, every visit to namma Coimbatore is a special one. After all, it was in Coimbatore that the singer got the maximum opportunities to sing in the early stage of his career. Unnikrishnan shares some of his cherished moments in the city with Coimbatore Times.Coimbatore and Carnatic music I have always maintained that Coimbatore is a hub for Carnatic music. A number of concerts keep happening in the city on a regular basis. Though I really wouldn't compare it with Chennai when it comes to Carnatic music, it is definitely the second best.My special connection This city is very special to me as my singing career got a fillip here. The city gave me a lot of opportunities to sing in the initial stages of my career, courtesy the late CR Gopinathan, an ardent lover and connoisseur of music in Coimbatore. Moreover, the city embraces all kinds of music with arms wide open.What I love about Coimbatore Coimbatoreans are very courteous and warm. They command respect and also give respect at the same time. Moreover, the music enthusiasts here are very appreciative. The weather, of course, is lovely and I always look forward to performing here.Albums and films I just released a special devotional album on Lord Ayyappa and I am following it up with a devotional collection on Lord Krishna. This one will hit stores next month, as a Margazhi special. On the film front, my song from Paraseega Mannan has just released and I have few more coming up with music director Imman.First love, cricket It's been a while I played a good game of cricket. But even today, I step into the field whenever I find time. Once I am on the field, I forget the whole world. The only deterrent is that I cannot afford to tire myself out like I used to do 25 years ago. I now play tennis on a regularly basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366723", "title": "Murli Manohar Joshi didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t try to influence 2G report, ex-CAG official RP Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a dramatic development on Sunday, former Comptroller and Auditor General official R P Singh clarified that he had never claimed that Public Accounts Committee chairman Murli Manohar Joshi influenced the CAG team in calculating Rs 1.76 lakh crore presumptive loss in the allocation of 2G spectrum licences.Singh's retraction, who said he was misquoted by a newspaper, comes as a huge embarrassment to the government given how his purported disclosure led to the ruling Congress attributing political motives to the CAG arriving at a massive presumptive loss figure and the BJP accusing Singh of batting for the government.The former CAG official also rejected the contention that the Congress had put him up to defend the government on the 2G report. Singh said he had no connection with the UPA nor did he have any interaction with it. \"Whatever I have said is not politically motivated and (my conscience) is very clear on that account,\" he said.Following Singh's purported disclosure earlier, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had spoken of a BJP conspiracy behind the 2G spectrum scam figures in what was a barely veiled attack on the CAG itself. \"The auditor's statement has turned the tables on the BJP. The BJP stands exposed,\" she had said.Singh, who as former DG audit (telecom) headed the team which prepared the CAG report on allocation of 2G spectrum licences, has been in the eye of a storm ever since he claimed that he never suggested the loss figure that went into final print. He said a draft report sent by him only mentioned a loss of Rs 2,600 crore.The former CAG official was later quoted by a newspaper as claiming that the PAC chairman had taken undue interest in finalization of the report that finally mooted a presumptive loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore.Congress ministers seized upon the charges against the PAC chairman to demand a debate with the chief auditor on this contradiction while some political parties sought a clarification from the PAC chief.Singh, however, reiterated on Sunday that he was misquoted by the newspaper. \"I said a member of PAC... It has misquoted me,\" he said. \"This claim has been made in a newspaper report. I do remember that there is documentary statement where it is stated a member of PAC had asked to calculate loss using a particular formula. I cannot confirm the name, but I can confirm the content,\" Singh added while still maintaining that he was coerced into signing the final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367463", "title": "Forced landing for flying training at GATI", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Flying training at the government aviation training institute (GATI) in the city has been stopped since January after the state civil aviation department failed to pay up the project allocation fee to the Airport Authority of India (AAI).The airport authorities had stopped flying operations demanding 50 per cent project allocation fee, a licence fee for training at Biju Patnaik airport. The state civil aviation directorate, which runs GATI, said it had been paying a token money of Re 1 per year for training till January 2012.\"After the AAI charged the fee, the state government could not pay the amount till July. We deposited about Rs 46 lakh with the airport authorities in August seeking permission to continue with the training but are yet to receive any correspondence from them,\" said Muralidhar Palai, additional secretary, general administration, who is in additional charge of director civil aviation. Although flying activities have been stopped, theory classes are on, he added. ' Already burdened with the licence fee demand, the civil aviation department has outsourced the training to a private company. Global Avianautics LTD (GAL) is running the training with four senior pilots and four engineers.The state civil aviation department receives Rs 60 lakh per year for providing space and two training flights.\"We have two flights for training - one owned by the state government and the other donated by Aero Club India. About 50 students have enrolled for the training but practical classes are not being held due to the restrictions. The students have already paid the flying fee of Rs 9000 per hour,\" said Sudhir Dey, officer on special duty, civil aviation. Airport director Sarat Kumar admitted to the restrictions on flying training. \"We had demanded 50 per cent of the revenue being generated by the state civil aviation department from training. The government had not paid the amount till July despite repeated reminders. We received it in August,\" he said.Kumar said he has written to the higher authorities for renewal of permission. \"We may get the approval in a week for allowing flying training. However, we can't extend it beyond seven years. The state government is demanding operations for another 17 years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372574", "title": "Bigg Boss 6: Bharti Singh to enter the show", "text": "After Rakhi Sawant , the latest guest contestant on Bigg Boss is the hilarious Bharti Singh.The episode, which will be telecast on Wednesday, will show the comedienne entering the house as part of a task called 'Ignore the obvious'.Bharti has been asked to be her usual self at the show. She'll be a complete prankster who will mess up the house, hide someone's belongings and break a few things to irk the housemates. She might also finish the coveted food item inside the house, coffee.The housemates will have to ignore this hilarious comedienne no matter how tempted they are to laugh or shout.Asked who will be her special target inside the house, Bharti, in her inimitable style said, \"It would be Rajev Paul, kyunki woh ladkiyon par bahut bhadakta hai .\"She added that she would miss Navjot Singh Sidhu inside the house. But would she like to enter Bigg Boss as a contestant and she said, \"I have been getting that offer since the last three years. But right now I have too many commitments outside the house too. When I have less on my hands and am in a mood to relax and fight, I will take up the offer,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368021", "title": "Rs 50K overspeeding slips in 10 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rules of the road are often blatantly violated by reckless drivers who zoom away in their vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d SUVs, sedans, heavy vehicles and two-wheelers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at breakneck speeds of 80-180km an hour. And, the primetime for such drivers to cross the limits of acceleration is between 9.30pm and 1.30am.Traffic police records show that the most vulnerable roads include Madhya Marg, Dakshin Marg and Purv Marg. Around 50,000 vehicles have been fined for over-speeding during the past 10 months. Collective data showed that two-wheelers were being driven at speeds between 80-110km per hour and the four-wheelers reached speeds between 90-180km per hour.Roads in Chandigarh were divided into three categories according to speed limits - 55km per hour for heavy transport vehicles, 65km per hour for light transport vehicles including cars, taxis and autorickshaws; and 50km per hour for two-wheelers including motorcycles and scooters. For inner roads in residential areas and markets, the speed limits were set as 45km per hour for heavy transport vehicles, 55km per hour for light transport vehicles and 50km per hour for two-wheelers.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said, \"Speed radars are capable of detecting the precise speed of vehicles but there are times when cops at checkpoints tend to stay away fearing an accident. Safety of policemen is a concern.\" Chandigarh has witnessed several cases of over-speeding wherein innocent lives were lost to reckless driving. In August 2010, an NRI woman driving a sedan had hit two brothers on a two-wheeler, and had run them over, killing them. She was driving between 80-129km per hour on the Rock Garden road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372575", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m lucky to have worked with Aamir Khan", "text": "Surabhi Prabhu, the model-turned-actress, who made her Telugu debut with Ila Ayithe Ela, is on cloud nine ever since she shared screen space with Aamir Khan in a sitcom on television. The Bollywood star was promoting his latest film on a popular crime serial by playing his character of a cop on the show. Surabhi played the role of the negative lead in that episode.\"I am extremely lucky to get an opportunity to share screen space with the most talented actor of Bollywood. After working with him, I understand why he is called 'Mr Perfectionist'. I played the baddie and inspector Shekhawat, Aamir Khan's character, helps the officials nab me in this episode, says Surabhi.In fact, it was Aamir, who was involved in the casting of the show, who picked Surabhi after checking out her work profile and videos that she sent. When she got the conformation call, Surabhi jumped at the chance. \"Though it was just a one-episode role on television, I was only happy to take it up as I got to television one episodic lead, but since I got the good fortune of working with Aamir Khan,\" says the actress, who has no plans to move to the silver screen. \"I am waiting for my film Appayya to release. Apart from that, I have many other good projects in the pipeline, which I will announce soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372724", "title": "Fans have faith in me even after 12 years: Sakshi", "text": "She's one of the most popular actress on television today and is loved for the character (Priya) that she plays in Balaji Telefilms' Bade Achhe Lagte Hain.Sakshi Tanwar has become a household name today. And her ever increasing fame amongst the masses is obvious as they voted for her at the recently held People's Choice Awards in India.Known to be an award that is voted by the people and not a jury for their favourite stars across cinema, Television and sports, Sakshi walked away with the Favorite TV Drama Actress Award for Bade Acche Lagte Hain . She beat popular names like Giaa Manek, Pratyusha Banerjee and Hina Khan.An ecstatic Sakshi responds to the award with appreciation. \"It was the first People's Choice Awards in India and it's really humbling and overwhelming to know that the people of India have chosen me as the best actress in TV. I want to thank all my fans and viewers who have voted for me and who have reinstated their faith in me even after being in the industry for 12 years. It really makes me feel special\", says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17365981", "title": "Man falls from Gurgaon mall, dies", "text": "GURGAON: A man died after falling from second floor of Vipul Agora Mall on MG Road, Gurgaon. The deceased, Jogendra Singh (35), was a resident of Asoda village in Haryana and worked as a salesman.According to police, Singh could have been inebriated at the time of accident as he had just come from a pub in the mall. While the possibility of suicide can't be ruled out, Singh's body has been handed over to his family after the postmortem, cops said. On Friday, Singh had gone to a pub in the mall and he fell off the floor while returning. He was taken to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17366641", "title": "One dead, 23 hurt in accidents", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A woman died and four others were injured in an accident involving a private bus and a car at Edakkara near Nilambur in Malappuram district on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Sreepriya (28) of Edakkara. According to Edakkara police the car, in which Sreepriya was travelling, was heading towards Nilambur when it collided head on with a bus that was heading towards Vazhikadavu from Nilambur. Three persons in the car also were injured and have been admitted to a private hospital in Perinthalmanna.Meanwhile, 20 persons were injured when a bus overturned near Valancheri town in the district at 6.30am on Sunday. The seriously injured, Pramod Kumar of Valanchery, has been admitted to a private hospital in Perinthalmanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368132", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRCF Kapurthala asked to speed up coach work\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union railway minister is toying with the idea of introducing either a new Shatabdi on Chandigarh-New Delhi route or introducing an AC double-decker instead.A senior railway official in New Delhi said: \"AC double-decker, which will be introduced in February, will have improved passenger-friendly design and 120-passenger capacity per coach. It will run at 110 km per hour speed.\"However, Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said the route will have only one new train \u00e2\u20ac\u201d either Shatabdi or a double-decker. Agency reports, however, stated: \"The railways will equip new double-decker coaches with automatic smoke detectors to prevent fire incidents.\"The agency also stated that the Rail Coach Factory (RCF) at Kapurthala had been asked to expedite manufacturing of double-decker coaches to meet the February target. Northern railways is working out the time schedule for the introduction of the AC double decker train service between Delhi and Chandigarh. A few days ago, Bansal said the new Shatabdi would be run from the city to facilitate the maximum public. Division railway manager of Ambala division P K Sanghi said several proposals had been sent from here and running the double decker train was one of them. (With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367024", "title": "Youth fest at Ranchi college lacks sheen on low turnout", "text": "RANCHI: The four-day youth festival of Ranchi Women's College that kicked off on Friday could barely attract students in its first two days. Many were seen hanging outside with friends instead of attending the fest.Sana Sayeed, a first year student of the college, said, \"The competitions this time are quite boring. Since no one was eager to participate in them, I kept away from them as well. With classes suspended during this period, I felt I'd rather spend time with friends.\"From making rangolis, painting, cartoons to English and Hindi elocution, debate, poetry and essay writing competition, the first two days was choc-a-bloc with a flurry of activities.The chief coordinator of the festival, Nanda Ghosh, said, \"Students who win the competition at the college level will be sent to participate in the east zone youth festival to be held on December 4 and hosted by Ranchi University.\"The main reason behind the slow trickle of students at the youth festival was the late issuance of notice announcing the date of the festival.As a result, many students who went home for festivals did not get to know about it and, therefore, did not return on time to attend the festival.Priyanka Singh, a B Com student said, \"I knew about the festival but was not aware of the dates. I got to know about it only a day before the festival started. Many of my friends who went home for vacations did not get to know about it either and have not yet returned.\"Ghosh said, \"The notice was issued on November 7 and after that the college was closed for Diwali and Chhath so many students were not informed about it.\"Though a vast majority of the students have not returned, but even those who are in college don't seem too interested in participating in the festival.\"I have seen many girls talking on phone in the college grounds or going out in groups with friends instead on attending the fest. This is really disappointing as normally students love to participate in such events,\" Ghosh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370080", "title": "Dav presents Gidda Pao with a modern twist", "text": "Midlands based producer, Dav Virsa is set to release his debut single 'Gidda Pao' sung by Major Chanalia and introduces the brand new voice of Miss Jasrina.Dav, the founder and main DJ for reputed Virsa Entertainment was born and raised in West Midlands. His passion for music began at a young age where he began putting mixes together in his bedroom and playing them at family parties. It is from then Dav went on to launching his Dj career and developing a passion for music production. Dav went on to learn harmonium and Piano before he walked in to the studio.Gidda Pao is a modernised version of the classic Punjabi track by Mohinder Kaur Bhamra which rocked the dance floors in the early 90's. In this rendition you will hear Gidda Pao with a twist of a male and female vocalist with a new hook line. The beat is sure to set the dance floors on fire fusing Bhangra and modern fast beats to please the party goers.Dav is excited to transit from Dj to Producer \"I'm looking forward to the release, it's taken 18 months to get this project together so I'm hoping everyone enjoys the track. We've tried to keep true to the original beat but just add a modern touch , it's been a great journey so far but this is just the beginning\".Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17368242", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcConstruction under GLADA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: The under-construction stretch on Ferozepur Road beyond Sidhwan Canal leading to Rajguru Nagar seems to be a risky zone to commuters with uncovered divider-cum-drainage and few caution signs.A student residing in Model Town, Isha Sharma said it has become a habit of the authorities to leave road construction works half done. \"We do want development to happen, but then the projects should be completed in time. The authorities should swing into action immediately and cover the open divider-cum-drainage and put caution signs on the stretch.Municipal commissioner R K Verma said though the road lies under Ludhiana municipal corporation, it is being repaired by Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA), as the MC does not have enough funds. \"The GLADA authorities will be able to tell why some of the dividers which have drains in between are left uncovered,\" he added.The senior officers of GLADA were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17366981", "title": "Reminiscences of the intellectual adda", "text": "DHARWAD: Manohara Granthamala, a prestigious publishing house in Dharwad, which made a modest beginning in 1933, has now come to occupy a unique position in the literary history of Karnataka and has today become a household name for publishing works of literary excellence in Kannada.The Granthamala has to its credit more than 450 books. The saga behind the establishment of the publishing house is interesting.About eighty years ago, winds of nationalism set a new blossoming in some Kannada spirits. Chief among them was poet DR Bendre. He drew some likeminded persons to form \"The Friends' Circle\" (Geleyara Gumpu), which provided the base for Kannada activity in an otherwise Marathi infected region.Even today its associates rank among the foremost Kannada writers. 'Swadharma' and 'Jaya Karnataka' periodicals were its chief organs. The 'Nadahabba,' national festival - owes its revival to \"Geleyara Gumpu\". Though as an institution it could not hold together, the idealism it enkindled proved enduring and Manohara Granthamala is the offshoot of the same idealism.When Jaya Karnataka periodical and the press were in crisis, young members like Prahlad Naregal, Govind Chulaki and Krishnasharma Betgeri tried to revive the publication under SB Joshi's guidance. Krishnasharma Betgeri (Ananda Kanda)'s first novel 'Sudarshana' was their publication brought out on 15th August 1933. The new publication series was named Manohara Granthamala by Krishnasharma Betgeri. GB Joshi, another member of the 'Geleyara Gumpu' was their associate and worker. While the paper and other materials were lent to the Granthamala by sympathisers like K R Rayadurg, the books were written free of royalty by friends trained in Geleyara Gumpu.Armed with the band of literary advisors like DR Bendre, VK Gokak and RS Mugali, GB Joshi ensured that the trio's taste and critical vigilance elevated Granthamala to its present status. Keertinath Kurtkoti joined the Granthamala as the adviser just before its silver jubilee volumes.Granthamala has made several intellectuals take up writing and many of those first published by it have risen to great heights in literary world. Noted among them are Shivaram Karant, DR Bendre, AN Krishna Rao, VK Gokak, RS Mugali, Girish Karnad, UR Ananth Murthy, Na Kasturi and Rao Bahaddur.New generation of writers are now being introduced by Granthamala and the tradition of organizing informal meetings of writers and literature lovers over the famous \"Mirchi, Churmari and Tea' continues even now. Several writers and literature lovers deem it a privilege to visit the \"Atta\" (top floor) of MGM.\"Our publication 'Nadedu Banda Dari' (Path Traversed), published to mark the Silver Jubilee has been acclaimed as a landmark in Kannada literature,\" said Granthamala editor Ramakant Joshi.Four books releasedDHARWAD: Manohar Granthamala, a prestigious publishing house celebrated its 80th birth anniversary by releasing four books on Sunday.Writer Narahalli Balasubrahmanya released A K Ramanujam's 'Ayda Prabandhagalu', K Satyanarayana's collection of stories 'Heggurutu', Prasanna's skits 'Acharya Prahasana Mattu En Huchoori' and Girish Karnad's play ' Benda Kaalu on toast' at a function organized at Suvarna cultural complex.Speaking on the occasion, Narahalli analyzed the books and said all the four books were precious additions to the Kannada literary world.Hailing A K Ramanujam vision of Indian culture, he said AKR's works depicted his mastery over both Kannada and English. Narahalli was all praise for K Satyanarayana for his new ways of thinking and depicting the contemporary scenario in his stories.Author K Satyanarayana said writing stories was a pleasure at a time when the habit of telling and listening stories was waning. Playwright Girish Karnad said his play was an effort to catch the fast changing Bangalore city and depict its contemporary life.Critic Giraddi Govindraj presided. Pavanaja spoke on e-library. MGM editor Ramakant Joshi welcomed. H V Kakhandki proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365826", "title": "Fine drivers who are yet to fix meters, say activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists in the city may move court if the state government extends the deadline for recalibration of auto/taxi meters without penalizing the drivers for the delay. The deadline for recalibrating all autos and taxi meters as per the new fares (Rs 19 minimum for taxis and Rs 15 for autos) expired on Saturday evening.A senior consumer activist, who did not wish to be named, said, \"The state may continue the recalibrations, but it cannot pardon drivers who have delayed the process. The penalty for those who come to recalibrate this week (after the expiry of the deadline) should be Rs 1,000 per auto/taxi. If the driver delays by another week, the penalty should increase to Rs 2,000 and so on. The longer the delay, the more should be the penalty.\"So far, meters of around 47,000 autos and 19,000 taxis have been recalibrated. Meters of nearly 45 % vehicles are yet to be recalibrated.Sources said the transport commissioner will submit a fresh proposal seeking an extension of the deadline on Monday. \"A government notification on the issue is likely to be issued either on Monday evening or Tuesday afternoon,\" said a source. The recalibration deadline may be extended by a couple of weeks for vehicles with e-meters. Drivers of autos and taxis with mechanical meters may get time till January 15, 2013 to recalibrate their meters.In the meantime, the RTOs allowed drivers to have their meters recalibrated till Monday. There was an unusual rush at the RTOs on Sunday when more than 2,500 autos were recalibrated.While auto and taxi unions welcomed the two-day \"breather\" for drivers, consumer activists, including those from the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP), said the RTOs' decision was \"open to legal challenge\". MGP's Shirish Deshpande said, \"The extension of deadline is tantamount to disrespecting the high court as the fare issue is sub judice. The transport commissioner must penalize those who didn't recalibrate their meters on time.\"TOI has learnt that a maximum number of mechanical meters (now 80%) remain to be recalibrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366516", "title": "Serious security threat at Karipur airport", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a shocking security lapse with potentially imponderable consequences, the door frame metal detector (DFMD) installed at the Customs area of the airport arrival hall at Karipur airport has not been working for over two years. So is the re-examination x-ray, which is used to re-examine luggage suspected to contain dutiable items or contraband after the initial luggage scan.Intelligence agencies have raised repeated alarms that the lapse could be exploited by people to smuggle in gold or even dangerous objects. A senior Customs official confirmed to TOI that the door frame metal detector at the arrival area has not been functioning for a long time. \"There is definitely a security issue involved but as an alternative arrangement we have been examining passengers through hand-held metal detectors,\" he said.The official said that though the department higher-ups have been notified about the issue several times, the problem is yet to be rectified. But intelligence sources said that examination of incoming passengers using handheld detectors is not being rigorously followed at the airport. It is not at all a viable alternative, especially during peak hours when multiple flight landings take place at the airport, an official said.Intelligence sources said that there has been a spurt in gold smuggling in airports across the country following the imposition of four per cent import duty on gold in the last budget which warrants enhanced vigilance at airports.Finance ministry data shows Rs 942 crore worth of gold was seized from more than 200 cases of smuggling during the quarter from April to July in the country. With the re-examination x-ray also not working the security threat is higher. Officials have to now either open the luggage for examination or believe the passenger's account of what the content of the luggage is and, given the paucity of time and personnel, the latter option is often resorted to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367467", "title": "Hi-tech traffic gadgets stolen under cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 nose", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Most of the expensive electronic gadgets purchased to regulate traffic in the city are gathering dust thanks to poor maintenance and zero utilization. Though public address systems were installed at crowded traffic junctions in 2010 to sensitize commuters about traffic rules, the equipment (microphone, amplifier and loudspeakers) is missing at most places.A peek at the traffic post at Nicco Park Square drives home the point. Out of the four horn loudspeakers, put up atop a light pole behind the traffic stand, only one if left now. The amplifier, which was kept inside a box at the traffic stand, is also missing, sources said. The scene is no better at AG Square, Nalco Square and Power House Square where the public address systems are conspicuous by their absence. Sources said the infrastructure was put in place at a cost of nearly Rs 3 lakh.Traffic cops said the instruments have been stolen due to lack of vigilance. \"Since traffic posts become deserted after 11pm, miscreants seized the opportunity and made off with the loudspeakers and amplifier,\" said a police constable requesting anonymity. \"We used to alert people about the traffic rules. If somebody was touching zebra crossings, we were dissuading them not to do so,\" he said. The public address systems were handy in dispersing the crowd on narrow left turns at traffic posts.ACP (traffic) Binod Das, who took over the city traffic recently, pleaded ignorance about the missing public address systems. \"I did not know that such an infrastructure was present. I have no idea about its present status,\" Das said.'Speed laser gun', another technology used to take on rash drivers, is lying unused since long as well. The machine, which could catch drivers or bikers overshooting speed limit in city area, was purchased at a cost of nearly Rs 10 lakh. The crackdown has been discontinued for unknown reasons, leading to spurt in accidents due to over-speeding of vehicles.'Sound metre' device, which was being used to measure noise volume of orchestra and brass bands, is hardly being used these days either, alleged some citizens. \"Blaring music in marriage parties, social functions and political demonstration go unabated, raising question mark on the utilization of the modern equipment,\" said Bijay Mishra, a resident of Nayapally area. \"We suspect whether police used the device on Diwali,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17369923", "title": "Huawei, ZTE ready to share source codes with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Embattled Chinese vendors Huawei and ZTE are willing to offer the Indian government unrestricted access to the software source codes of all their products as they attempt to ease concerns about a security threat.Their offer comes as the Indian government is examining a recent report by the US Congress Panel that said the two technology majors from China have ties with that country's government and military and must be barred from mergers and acquisitions in the US.ET reported last week that Department of Economic Affairs secretary Arvind Mayaram had called a meeting of officials of Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to discuss the operations of the two Chinese vendors in India in the wake of the US panel's report. Mayaram had also asked the FIPB to decide if India should change its foreign investment policy parameters, if the potential risks envisaged in the US report were possible and whether the country should take preemptive steps in this regard.Both Huawei and ZTE have denied all allegations leveled by the US.Huawei's global chief security officer John Suffolk, in a recent interaction with ET, said the company was willing to go the distance to dispel the fears of the Indian government. \"We don't make assumptions on what is right or wrong for each country. So we ask governments what objectives do you want us to achieve, and how best can we do that. The source code of Huawei is the crown jewels of Huawei. In any country, where we give access to the source code, we work hard with the security people to protect Huawei's crown jewels. Yes , we have already done this (shared source codes) with other governments,\" Suffolk said.\"We encourage governments and operators to come and see us in China and we show them everything - source codes, testing, manufacturing, how we train people, how we sell - nothing is hidden from them. Every country has its own culture, standards, their own things that they worry about, and the more we get people taking to us, telling us their concerns, the better our processes become. But we believe that everyone should go through the same process and be driven up to the same standards,\" Suffolk added.\"We use products of all leading companies such as Microsoft and Cisco, and I have to worry about that too. Trust has to be earned - we will work with the Indian government. We realise there is a risk to Huawei in sharing source codes, but our belief is that the more intimate we are with the government, the more they will trust us,\" Suffolk said.Taking a similar stance, Cui Liangjun, chief executive of ZTE India said : \"If we do something wrong, we have no future. We want to be a long term player both in India and globally. India is setting up a lab to test all mobile equipment and we are willing to test all our products there. We are also open to sharing our source code. In fact, we already share the source code with our vendors here such as Bharti Airtel and BSNL\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366527", "title": "Nair nominated president of Bhopal Nair Samaj", "text": "BHOPAL: N R Nair has been unanimously nominated as the president of the Bhopal Nair Samaj (BNS). A nine-member executive body of the samaj was also nominated at the general body meeting held at the BNS office in Khajuri Kalan here on Sunday.Other office-bearers nominated include Prabhakaran Pillai- vice president, M K Pillai- general secretary, S K Pillai finance secretary , K G Mohanan Nair- cultural secretary, N Unnikrishnan - joint secretary, Gopalkrishna Pillai - asstt secretary and Pramod Panicker and P V Kurup as youth wing secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372187", "title": "Venkat Prabhu ready to direct Kamal Haasan", "text": "Venkat Prabhu has been hosting a game show titled 'Kollywood King' based on the Tamil film industry in Vijay TV. In a recent episode, the 'Chennai 600028' director revealed his eagerness to direct the Ulaga Nayagan Kamal Hassan.When one of the participants in the show asked him if he would do a film with Kamal Haasan, Venkat responded by directly appealing to Kamal for a chance to direct him in the near future.The director busy with his latest film ' Biriyani ' starring Karthi, Hansika and Premji hoped that Kamal was seeing that episode and promised to come up with an interesting story that would satisfy the star and his fans.The show has been getting good response from viewers for its informative and interesting content presented in typical Venkat Prabhu style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17367098", "title": "State targets 'lifestyle' diseases", "text": "HUBLI: The diseases burden in Karnataka appears to be slowly shifting from communicable diseases to non-communicable diseases (NCD), which are often related to lifestyle.The recent signing of an agreement by the state government with the World Bank to fund non-communicable diseases control programme shows that the health department has taken the project in a big way. The department has estimated that NCDs consisting of cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes, stroke and hypertension are on increase and account for nearly 60% deaths in the state. Apart from deaths, substantial number of hospitalization and disabilities are associated with NCDs.R Vishal, project administrator of Karnataka Health System Development and Reform Project (KHSDRP) told TOI that an agreement was signed on with the World Bank, which will provide $70 million financial assistance for the proramme. The agreement was inked in New Delhi on November 21 involving Prabodh Saxena, joint secretary, Centre's department of economic affairs, Michael Haney, operations adviser, World Bank (India), and Vishal himself.\"Non-communicable diseases control programme will be implemented based on scientific methods, population based needs assessment, situation analysis, and evidence based interventions during the three year project period.Davanagere and Dakshina Kannada districts have been chosen to take up the project on pilot basis. Here screening and monitoring of hypertension, diabetes, cancer, cervical cancer, breast cancer and other non-communicable diseases will be done,\" Vishal said. The programme will be launched in Hubli in April next year.The health and family welfare department in the recently issued order has maintained that increase in NCDs is due to socio-demographic and epidemiological transition and accompanying population ageing, changes in living standards and economic scenario, growing urbanization, increasing motorization, growing media influence along with changing life styles and value systems in recent years.Two committees, one at the state level and other at district level, have been constituted to work on to provide technical inputs and direction for the programme, to oversee effective implementation of the program, advise on formulation of guidelines and protocol for screening and treatment of select non-communicable diseases and to validate the technical specifications of equipments to be procured. While the project administrator will head the state committee, deputy commissioners will monitor in the districts. \"The programme is in line with the Centre's national program for prevention and control of NCDs,\" Vishal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17366606", "title": "Missing trader found dead in Wayanad Ghat region", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Police found the body of a trader, who has been missing from Thenhipalam in Malappuram since a week, from the Wayanad Ghat Road region on Sunday morning.Kunhimuhammed (47) of Thenhipalam in the district was found missing from his house from November 19. Thenhipalam police had started the investigation based on the complaint lodged by relatives of Kunhimuhammed, but there was no clue on the culprits for the last one week.Police got the details of the murder following the arrest of three persons, including a taxi driver, on Saturday. It was found that Kunhimuhammed was murdered by a group of kidnappers.The arrested have been identified as Fasir, Ashraf and Ansar. Two of them were directly involved in the murder, while the third person drove the jeep in which the gang abducted Kunhimuhammed.Thenhipalam police said it was the dispute over some financial dealings between Kunhimuhammed and other persons in the gang that led to the murder. Kunhimuhammed was kidnapped from near Chelari on November 19. The gang kidnapped him to get ransom from his relatives to meet the amount that Kunhimuhammed borrowed from a private group in Chelari.Police said the team had plans to keep Kunhimuhammed under their custody for some days to blackmail his family. But during the scuffle between the kidnappers in the vehicle on the way to Kozhikode from Ramanattukara, Kunhimuhammed fell unconscious and died. Following the incident the gang changed their vehicle and carried the dead body to the Thamarassery Ghat Road in a car and dumped the body there on the night of November 19.The accused were arrested from Kondotty and Coimbatore on Saturday. The investigation team took them to the Ghat Road region to collect evidence and to recover the body on Saturday itself. But police could find the body only on Sunday morning. Inspector of police of Tirurangadi A Umesh said four more persons are under the observation of the investigation team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366999", "title": "Denied salary, CTC staffer sets self on fire", "text": "KOLKATA: An employee of the Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC), who had set himself afire at his Belgachhia residence on Tuesday, succumbed to his injuries on Saturday night. Earlier this month, the widow of a North Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC) employee committed suicide at Balurghat after being deprived of her pension. This is not the first such case, earlier deprived of pension, widow Dipti Karmakar of a retired North Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC) worker Manoranjan Karmakar, committed suicide on November 1 this year at her residence at Balurghat of South Dinajpur.The locals had rushed Gopal Chandra Dey, 48, to R G Kar Hospital on Tuesday night. The family members of the deceased alleged that Dey did not receive salary for last three months and had gone into depression.However, CTC chairman Shantilal Jain denied the allegations: \"It is not true that he has not been receiving salary for three months.I have proof that he had received his pay for the month of September. The October salary is due for all the employees. I have information that he took loan from the company and a major portion of his salary was deducted as repayment of the loan. You cannot hold CTC responsible for his loan. On the contrary, the CTC bore the treatment cost hospitalization cost of Dey.\"According to a CTC official, Dey joined the company in 1982. He was working at the Belgacchhia Tram depot as a rolling-stock cleaner. \"My uncle (Dey) had gone into depression as he was not receiving salary for three months. On Tuesday night, he poured petrol on his body and set himself on fire. He was immediately rushed to R G Kar Medical College and Hospital with more than 80% burn injuries. On late Saturday night, he succumbed to his injuries,\" said Sanju De, nephew of the deceased.Transport minister Madan Mitra said, \"The death is unfortunate. But let me tell you clearly that every tram company employee had received the salary for the month of September. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has not taken any action, in spite of the fact that all these transport PSUs are surviving on huge subsidies. But she has made it clear that there won't be any reduction of subsidy.\" However, the transport department has been considering the voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) at the transport PSUs.After Dey's body was brought to the Belgachhia tram depot on Sunday, a clash broke out there between two groups of CTC employees belonging to the CITU and the INTTUC unions. Members of both the trade union bodies claimed that the deceased worked for their unions.The CTC employees also alleged that all transport workers are living under tremendous stress with the government threatening to withdraw the subsidy.On January 26, this year, a 27-year-old CTC employee Bikram Singh had committed suicide as he was not getting his salary for three months. Though some of his colleagues held the transport minister responsible for the proposal to end subsidies to transport corporations, his fate was sealed during the Left Front regime when he was hired, along with at least 258 others, without sanction from the government. His death made the state government sit up and changed the decision on the subsidy cut.She had not been getting family pension for 5 years after the death of her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17370608", "title": "RTI activist fights to expose 'chinks' in Central Information Commission", "text": "RAIPUR: Fighting for the last five years using RTI to seek justice for her husband, a Chennai based homemaker, T Jhansi Lakshmi, has now ended up using the same transparency tool to expose chinks in the Central Information Commission where, she allege , her application was caught in red-tape.She has been on a fight for the last five years, using RTI as a tool, to expose an alleged recruitment fraud in the staff selection commission, where her husband works as a Data Entry Operator, who has been denied promotion for the last 20 years and has now been transferred from Chennai to Raipur in Chhattisgarh. This housewife's fight started in May, 2007 when Jhansi first sent an application to the public information officer (PIO) at SSC, New Delhi, asking for details of the 1989-1990 batch key punch/data entry operators' selection process.In the process of her fight to prove alleged irregularities in the selection of data entry operators \"KPO Examination 1989\", Jhansi Lakshmi filed an online complaint with the CIC regarding non-compliance of CIC's earlier orders by the Staff Selection Commission, under the DOPT. But the CIC official website indicated the current status of her complaint as \"signed copy awaited\"; even 16 months after the CIC received the signed copy by speed post. In July this year, she filed an RTI application with the CPIO of the CIC, seeking a volley of information about the status of her complaint and the actions taken thereof.As she did not get a reply for her RTI application even after 45 days, she preferred to move in with a first appeal against denial of Information by the CPIO of CIC.In September, the CIC additional secretary and first Appellate Authority Anita Gupta found that the appellant has not received response and the Deputy registrar CPIO Vijay Bhalla has been directed to provide information within five working days of the receipt of the order. She received reply from the CPIO almost 15 days later, stating that due to incomplete particulars provided it was not possible to retrieve information and also stating that the delay in supplying information was regretted as the file in question had been sent for digitization and it could be traced only on September 10.Subsequently, Jhansi went in first appeal against what he claimed as supply of \"wrong and misleading information\" by the CPIO of the country's transparency watchdog. In her appeal, she pointed out that even a lay man can see the status of online complaints by submitting the name an online complaint number on CIC official website which is having various search modes hence it was easy to find out the online complaint details in the computerized Dak Management system. During the hearing of first appeal, her husband TVLN Mallikarjuna Rao attended the hearing on her behalf through video conferencing from the National Informatics Centre (NIC) in Raipur on October 25 and passed an order the next day directing the CIC CPIO Vijay Bhalla to provide the desired information within 10 working days. In the same order, the appellate authority also directed CIC Director &amp; nodal CPIO to provide available information to the Jhansi Lakshmi within 10 days, after finding that the e-mail was forwarded to this officer.\"Despite clear directions by the first appellate authority, till date I have not received information from country's transparency and accountability watchdog. I am planning to move in for a second appeal\", Jhansi Lakshmi told TOI from Chennai over telephone. \"Getting information from CIC-the body supposed to ensure RTI implementation and enforcement in letter and spirit-itself has become a herculean task\", she added. During her long fight using RTI tool, her fight extended from one department to another as she is determined to get a CBI inquiry into the alleged irregularities in SSC recruitments. Her contention is that Lakshmi's contention is that her husband's promotion was getting delayed because two ineligible people, who had not even written the test, are above him on the seniority list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400266", "title": "For a year, suspects were planning their escape: Cops", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Ahmednagar city crime branch had inputs that the three MCOCA accused were planning their escape for almost a year, the Aurangabad police claim to have learnt. Senior Aurangabad crime branch officials were furious that their Ahmednagar counterparts did not pass on this information to them.The two teams of the Aurangabad crime branch returned on Saturday from Ahmednagar, where they had gone to track down Vijay Bade, the MCOCA accused who fled after throwing chilli powder in the eyes of the police party assigned to escort him and two others, Abhay Pohre and Deepak Jawale, from Ahmednagar to Aurangabad.The police team had taken Bade, Pohre and Jawale to Ahmednagar for a hearing in a criminal case. The accused were to be brought back to the Harsul central prison in a police van. However, while they were walking from the Central Bus Stand to Mill Corner, where the van was waiting, the accused threw chilli powder at the police party. While Bade escaped with his handcuffs on, Pohre and Jawale were nabbed by the police after a short chase.During initial interrogation, Jawale, the gang leader, said they got the packet of chilli powder from one Yogesh Kshirsagar. The Jawale gang and Kshirsagar became friends in jail in 2008 while they were serving their terms simultaneously. It was during their frequent visits to Ahmednagar for the trial in the cases that they met Kshirsagar and other acquaintances, who are now out on bail, and discussed their plan to escape, a senior crime branch official said.The accused said Kshirsagar hails from Arangaon in Ahmednagar district. However, the police found out that there are three villages by that name in the district. \"Our team searched all three villages but did not find any person by that name,\" the official said.A senior police official who is in the investigating team said it was \"sheer foolishness\" on the part of the policemen to readily loosen the handcuffs of the accused. \"One of the accused was complaining that the tight handcuffs were giving him pain in the wrists. Moreover, the policemen did not follow the standard procedure while ferrying the accused in spite of knowing that they were hardcore criminals booked under MCOCA and had been convicted in a burglary case,\" he said.The accused told the police that they were tired of their long stay in prison, the official said. \"We also found out that no one from among their family or friends used to visit them in prison. This frustrated them further, and they hatched a plan to escape,\" he said.When contacted, none of the officials agreed to come on record about their findings in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17365928", "title": "Haryana civil services officer's appointment as joint secy raises hackles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid questions raised by a section of IAS officers over the allocation of three cadre posts to Haryana civil services (HCS) officer Vivek Atrey, the state government has decided to re-designate the official as deputy secretary. The officer is a joint secretary at present.Vivek Atrey was appointed joint secretary and director, electronics and information technology on Thursday.The catch is that the post of joint secretary is usually held by a senior IAS officer with at least nine years' experience.However, Atrey, who is an HCS officer, will also handle two cadre posts, director of supplies and disposals and managing director, Hartron, a corporation handling IT projects. Chief secretary P K Chaudhery told TOI that transfers and postings are administrative issues. On Atrey's appointment to three cadre posts, including joint secretary of a department, Chaudhery said, \"Some issues have been brought to my notice and I will look into the matter on Monday. If there is need for any correction, we will rectify it.\"Atrey may now be re-designated deputy secretary but as of now, the government seems to be reluctant to change his portfolios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371086", "title": "Kavita Kaushik in SAB TV\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next; FIR shifts?", "text": "Here comes an exclusive dope from the grapevine to our readers. Off late, Miloni Pictures gearing up for their project titled Tota Weds Maina for SAB TV made headlines but due to some unavoidable reasons the project got delayed which was about to launch few months ago.Now, it seems the channel has given a green signal to the makers, leading to some programming changes. According to the latest reports, FIR which was daily sitcom will now be shifted to weekend slots while Tota Weds Maina will take FIR's slot starting next month. If sources are to be believed than Lapataganj too is under scanner and can go off air as soon as the channel gets another show in kitty.Guys! That's not the end of the news as we too heard that Kavita Kaushik, who plays Inspector Chandramukhi Chautala in FIR is all set to shed her police avatar. Sources informs that she has been signed as the protagonist for Tota Weds Maina. This decision leads to many queries with respect to the character of Chandramukhi Chautala, which is widely liked and praised by the audiences.As the show (FIR) continues, will the character of Chandramukhi be replaced or Kavita will manage juggling between two shows is something to be viewed.When contacted Benifer Kohli, the producer of FIR, states, \"Our show is definitely not going off air, instead we got our contract renewed few days ago.\"All our efforts to reach Kavita Kaushik were futile.We will be right back with some more exclusive updates, Keep reading!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371071", "title": "Anandi on a mission in Balika Vadhu!", "text": "Tonight on Color's Balika Vadhu, Anandi is on a mission! As both Anandi and Shiv's families are in a celebratory mood regarding Anandi's mehendi ceremony before the wedding, Anandi wants all the women of Jaitsar to be a part of the happy occasion.But the people Anandi wants to include in her ceremony are usually the ones banished from societal functions. Tonight, both Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla) and Anandi ( Pratyusha Banerjee) will be seen convicting the widows of Jaitsar to apply mehendi on their hands. According to Hindu tradition, a widow is banned from such simple joys in life, post the death of her husband.When dadisa (Surekha Sikri) hears this, she is shocked! She challenges Anandi that not a single widow will succumb to her wish. But Anandi being Anandi is on a mission to change the thinking pattern of the elders and bring about a social change in Jaitsar. Says Pratyusha aka Anandi, \"Yes, I will be convincing the widows to apply mehendi and I will be successful in my mission\".With her task accomplished, what's next on Anandi's platter?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365854", "title": "Films reinforce divergence, says Goutam Ghose", "text": "PANAJI: Films from different parts of the globe reinforce the perspective that there can be no unipolarity in the world, says renowned filmmaker Goutam Ghose, who heads the jury for the International competition section at the International Film Festival of India (Iffi).\"The powerful articulations of divergence in films from India and abroad make this point clear. Despite the concerted propaganda on the world turning into a \"global village\", and despite the advancement of technologies like the internet, divergence is a very strong cultural ethos across the world, and it cannot be subjugated,'' Ghose told TOI here on the sidelines of Iffi on Sunday.In fact, new technology has given enormous opportunities to filmmakers to reflect on the divergence more intensely in multitude ways, and has provided an enabling environment to become more independent, he said.Across the globe people are increasingly realizing that markets cannot determine everything. Unbridled markets can be speculative and tyrannical. Youngsters are feeling cheated by false dreams of money-making they were being provided in the last two decades. They know money is not everything in life. That is why they are resorting to agitations like 'Occupy Wall Street'.The development of a heterogeneous country like India cannot be captured in terms of GDP growth alone. There is a conflict going on between the proponents of speculative finance and those who cherish human values. It is a fight in which 99% are pitted against one per cent who gain out of speculative financial transactions, he said.Ghose also stressed on the need for guarding against tendencies to misuse the Marxist analysis on society for sectarian gains and turning it into a dogma. He said serious films from the world over are trying to reflect on the complex pulls and pressures of modern lives in its divergent forms. That is why an Iranian film is so different from a film from Philippines. Ghose said governments must support initiatives for making good cinema by providing finance and distributing channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366590", "title": "Relatives of brain dead donate organs", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The relatives of 45-year-old K L Raju who was declared brain dead following an accident has set an example by donating the organs. In a noble gesture they agreed to donate Raju's kidneys and liver to three patients undergoing dialysis at the Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) on Sunday.Raju hailing from Kunnakkattu, near Peruvannamuzhi had met with a road accident on November 23 and was admitted to the Medial College from where he was shifted to MIMS. Raju, who suffered severe brain damage was declared brain dead on Sunday. His wife Siby and brothers showed willingness to donate his organs. The doctors came from AIIMS, Kochi to receive the liver and the liver transplantation will be done there.MIMS hospital authorities have collected blood samples from ten patients undergoing dialysis and have sent them for cross matching. The cross matching result will be ready by Sunday midnight. Kidneys will be donated to two patients whose blood matches with that of Raju.The transplant surgeries will be conducted by MIMS Urologists Dr Harigovind, Dr T P Rajeev, and Dr Ashish Jindal with the support of transplant physician Dr Firoz Aziz.Raju is survived by three children Allen Raj, Amal Raj and Akhil Raj. This will be the fifth cadaver transplant surgery to be conducted in MIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370772", "title": "Drama takes up a classic opening", "text": "The opening two days collections for Yogaraj Bhat directed 'Drama' produced by Jayanna and Bhogeendra makes one thing crystal clear. Bhatru remains the only master craftsman who can bring in the middle class audience and the college crowd to the single screen theatres and multiplexes in the opening week end even before the product's real worth is known.While Bhatru was regarded as a messiah of soft romantic comedies whose films run well in major cities only, the box office story seems to have been different now in case of ' Drama '. Even in semi urban centers in Bengaluru and Mysore the film has taken a grand which reminds of the huge openings for the of top super stars of Kannada films.The story remains the same in many interior parts of Karnataka like Davanagere, Shimoga, Tumkur, Mandya and Hassan, while the collections in major cities like Bengaluru and Mysore are the heaviest. The film has received a good opening all around, specially in multiplexes where online bookings have been at its best. Some of the multiplex managers have now decided to increase their shows on Sunday. It is not clear whether the film will have an extra evening show in several multiplexes.In Bengaluru city, the management of the Veeresha theatre had to run five shows on Saturday to control the crowd who were not able to book online tickets as they did not have credit cards or debit cards. Except in Mangalore and to an extent in parts of Hyderabad Karnataka barring Gulbarga, Drama has taken a classic opening which may be rivalled by films acted by popular super star in the coming films.The fact is that Drama is marching ahead. It has taken a giant leap in the first three days. Whether the same trend continues in single screens and multiplexes is to be seen.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17367526", "title": "Green tribunal stops tree felling for hydel project", "text": "SHIMLA: National Green Tribunal (NGT) in an interim order on construction of Integrated Kashang Hydel Project in Kinnaur district has directed Himachal Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (HPPCL) \"not to fell trees standing over disputed land and not to utilize forest land for non-forest activities until further orders.Forest clearance to the 120 MW (stage 1 and 2) Kashang power project was challenged at the national green tribunal by one Devi Gyan Negi a resident of Lippa village in Kinnaur, and representative of Paryavaran Sanrakhsan Samiti, a local organization that has been resisting diversion of forest lands to the project.The order comes close on the heels of another important judgment passed on November 7 this year by the national green tribunal in relation to forest clearances. The tribunal had ordered that subsequent to grant of clearance by the ministry of environment \"it is incumbent upon the state government to pass a reasoned order transferring and/or allowing the land in question for being used for non-forest purpose\". The tribunal ordered this based on the provisions under Section 2 of the Forest Conservation Act 1980. The order goes on to say that \"bereft of such an order, no forest lands can be put to use for non-forest purpose\".\"We welcome the interim order of the tribunal which recognizes that there are substantial environment issues related to forest diversion,\" said S S Negi, president of Paryavaran Sanrakhsan Samiti. Kinnaur residents opposing the project had filed the petition on the grounds that forest clearance is a violation of the Forest Rights Act-2006 and that unregulated diversion of forests for hydropower projects in the entire region in the last 10 years has had serious ecological consequences.The key issue raised by residents of project-affected area is threat to Chilgoza pine or neoza forests which are being felled for these projects. Another critical point that the petition has raised is of 'piece-meal' clearances that were granted to the integrated project, which is being developed in four separate stages.Prakash Bhandari of Himdhara Environment Research and Action Collective while explaining the importance of this order for local communities affected by forest diversion, said, \"This basically implies that firstly, all or any non-forest use which is being carried out for any project in Himachal Pradesh currently is in absence of the state orders and therefore liable to legal challenge. Secondly, as and when the state government does pass orders of forest clearances, even for projects that may have been approved earlier by the environment ministry, those projects can be challenged in the court within 90 days of issue of order by the state government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17367644", "title": "Taliban strikes again at Shia rally in Pakistan, 6 dead", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least six persons were killed and nearly 90 others injured on Sunday when Pakistani Taliban targeted a Shia procession with a bomb at Dera Ismail Khan in the restive northwest, on Ashura, the holiest day for the minority community.The attack was the second to strike the city in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa in as many days. The bomb, planted in a shop in Chogla area of Dera Ismail Khan, was triggered by remote-control as a procession was passing by.A security personnel was among those killed in the attack , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa information minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain said. Four security personnel, women and children were among the injured.On Saturday, eight persons were killed and about 20 injured when another Shia procession was targeted with a roadside bomb in Dera Ismail Khan. The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility for both bombings in the city as well as a suicide attack on a Shia procession in Rawalpindi that killed 23 people and injured over 60 on Wednesday.Authorities called in army soldiers to patrol the streets of Dera Ismail Khan after the attacks.Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan told the media that his organization had carried out Sunday's attack. He claimed a suicide bomber was in the procession in Dera Ismail Khan though officials insisted the attack was carried out with a bomb.Ihsan said the Taliban would succeed in striking their targets despite security arrangements made by interior minister Rehman Malik.Hussain said the Taliban had apparently planned the attack in Dera Ismail Khan well in advance as authorities had closed all shops and markets and suspended mobile phone services in the city. The bomb was planted in a closed shop on the route of the Shia procession and triggered by remote control.The elements targeting Shia prayer halls and processions during the Islamic month of Muharram are enemies of the country, he said.Muharram is a holy month and those violating its sanctity have nothing to do with religion, he added.Authorities have put in place extensive security arrangements to prevent terror attacks on thousands of processions during Ashura, the 10th day of Muharram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368019", "title": "Another Shatabdi or AC double-decker?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union railway ministry is in two minds. It may introduce another Shatabdi train between Chandigarh and Delhi or it may run an AC double-decker train on the Delhi-Chandigarh route. Union railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal wants to ascertain public opinion to decide upon the course of action.If people opt for a double-decker, the existing Shatabdi will be converted into one, but if public opinion swings towards the new Shatabdi, the new train will run between the two cities. Bansal told TOI, \"We are floating both ideas and trying to take public opinion on the issue, because we will be able to provide only one proposal. Both the options are available with us and now it is up to the public.\"The minister added, \"Chandigarh has only one Shatabdi in the morning and if people want another one, its timing would be crucial. If double-decker train is the option we can turn the morning Shatabdi into a double-decker train.\"A senior railway official in New Delhi said authorities had decided to introduce a double-decker train to cater to the growing number of passengers between Delhi and Chandigarh. \"The 12-coach AC double-decker train with fire alarm system is expected to be pressed into service by next February,\" a senior railway ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17400400", "title": "Afghan students in AU feel alienated", "text": "Visakhapatnam: The scars are still there but the younger generation of Afghan students, about 200 of them at Andhra University and various affiliated colleges in Visakhapatnam, are determined not to let the past dictate their future. These students from the war-ravaged land Afghanistan are here to empower themselves with the intention of going back to their country to lend a hand in the reconstruction process.Though about half of the Afghan and African students in Visakhapatnam are undergraduates, some others are pursuing their post-graduation courses. Not known to be skillful communicators themselves, the senior Afghan students are finding it tough to follow lectures that are held in Telugu, which is common in the classes of Andhra University. An Afghan student pursuing a PG course says, \"While foreigners studying in universities in Delhi and Mumbai face no problem of being linguistically alienated, it's a big problem out here as many teachers speak in Telugu which is alien to us.\"Mohammed Khan, another Afghan student, said, \"We find it difficult to follow the professor as more often than not, they end up teaching in Telugu either for the benefit of local students or they themselves are not attuned to English or Hindi language.\" It is true that many of the professors have an issue with communicating in English. A former professor of the department of commerce and management said the issue was mainly to do with the deteriorating standards of teaching in the university.P Vidya, a former student, recalls, \"We had a vice-chancellor who could barely construct a sentence or two in English. I cannot blame foreign students for complaining about the medium of instruction. Though not official yet, Telugu is slowly but surely replacing English as the medium of instruction for good.\" Apart from complaining about being taught in Telugu, the students from abroad are worried about the deteriorating academic standards. A resident of the foreign students' hostel Mauhom said that there was little originality in the research work being done by the students here.However, the authorities flatly denied the allegations of foreign students. Registrar V Uma Maheswar Rao said that even if some lecturers try to explain in Telugu, it was mainly due to the presence of students from rural areas who lack proficiency in English. \"Moreover, if this were really true, why is it that the number of foreign students in our university is on the rise,\" he sought to know.Despite their academic woes, the Afghans who have not seen much peace in the last three decades say they love the city. \"It is peaceful here and we love it. India has offered us an opportunity to rebuild our war-ravaged country, thanks to the student exchange programme,\" said Ahmed Walid, a Pashtun from a province in the east of Kabul.\"When I first came to Vizag in 2011, I hated it, almost everything about it, especially the weather. The heat, humidity and the language, it was all a huge shock. However, today I have a few Indian friends and the place too holds an alluring charm as far as I am concerned. More importantly, I am trying to make the most of the opportunities offered in terms of education,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17368030", "title": "On a batting pitch", "text": "John Wright, former coach of Indian cricket team &amp; brand ambassador, Southern Institute of Technology (SIT), New Zealand, and Sam Mackay, international manager, SIT, talks to Education Times about fundingCan you elaborate on the John Wright scholarships at Southern Institute of Technology?The John Wright scholarships at SIT are premier scholarships for outstanding students. Both sporting and academic scholarships are available, giving students the chance to achieve their sporting and academic aspirations. Sports scholarship recipients are partnered with a local sports association so they have opportunities to achieve their sporting aspirations while studying an advanced qualification at SIT.How much does the scholarship offer?The scholarship offers a range of scholarship values depending on the strength of the student's application. There are 25 scholarship places each year, ranging from partial academic scholarships to full sporting scholarships (worth NZ$ 18,000).What does this scholarship cover?It involves a contribution towards a student's course fee. This can vary from a partial scholarship to a full scholarship worth NZ$ 18,000. Students are responsible for their travel and living costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369551", "title": "Vikram credits Bala for awakening actor in him", "text": "Vikram feels that the actor within him would've still been dormant but for director Bala. He was speaking at the audio launch of Bala's forthcoming Tamil period-drama 'Paradesi' starring Atharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika and GV Prakash has composed the music.\"I didn't know that the real actor within me was sleeping until I worked with Bala. After having worked with him in ' Sethu ' (1999), I realised my potential as an actor. Had it not been for him, I'm sure I wouldn't have ever found the actor in me\", said Vikram.The film is set in pre-independence India and the story of the film narrates the affliction of plantation workers in southern India. It is coming out Dec 21.Vikram is currently shooting for the Tamil romantic-thriller ' I ' and Tamil-Hindi bilingual ' David '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368154", "title": "Mayor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s no to agenda on house property tax", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Under acute pressure from the UT administration and the government, rift between officials and public representatives on the issue of imposing property tax on residential property in Chandigarh has been widening every day. The mayor has refused to incorporate the agenda pertaining to the issue for detailed discussion in the monthly house meeting, on Monday.According to information, during the recent meeting of MC officials with UT home-cum-local bodies' secretary, UT had clearly told the civic body to not only impose property tax on residential property but also to revise the existing rates of property tax on he commercial property. The MC was also strictly told that if its attitude remains lenient, the civic body should get prepared to face certain decisions by UT on the financial aspects.A senior official said, \"We have been trying our best to convince Congress and BJP councillors to impose the property tax or we will have to face action. We had sent a detailed note as agenda for the upcoming meeting but the mayor completely refused to incorporate the agenda. We are helpless,\"Meeting of MC's house tax committee was held in the past three-four months and the committee even collected details of some big cities and their methodology to collect house tax.According to civic body records, there are a total of 1.38 lakh houses in the city. The figure includes all type of residences like independent houses, houses of Chandigarh Housing Board, private societies, government homes, among others. Of these, around 1 lakh houses come under the independent category and are covered under house tax. The remaining around 38,000 are government homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366920", "title": "Ride against cancer", "text": "It's Mission Kashmir for Kolkata lad Anirban Acharya. The 27-year-old, who had left the city on November 18, will be cycling through the states of Jharkhand , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana, Punjab to finally end up at Srinagar in Jammu and Kashmir , spreading the message of \"Ride against Cancer\" during his one-and-a-half-month journey.\"I am mostly moving through the villages and meeting people with this message about how to prevent oneself from this deadly disease,\" Acharya told TOI during one of his stopovers on the way. Acharya has already communicated about his programme to the various gram panchayats who are arranging his interactions with the village people.An adventure sport enthusiast, Acharya is riding from 6am till sunset and taking rest at various places like school buildings, Gurdwaras, temples etc at night. Hehas got some financial help from the Cancer Foundation of India (CFI)but still has to bear much on his own. But that is not disheartening the youngster who expects to reach Srinagar in one and half months on his bicycle. \"It's been a fascinating experience so far,\" he said.\"The people of India have so many different and wrong ideas about the disease. I only hope my journey can clear their doubts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17365893", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t care if law comes in way of Shivaji Park memorial: Manohar Joshi", "text": "NASHIK: Intensifying its demand for Bal Thackeray's memorial at Shivaji Park, the Shiv Sena on Sunday said the party would not budge from its stand irrespective of the legal implications. \"We don't care if any law is coming in the way of raising Balasaheb's memorial at Shivaji Park,\" said senior party leader and former chief minister Manohar Joshi .He was speaking to reporters in Nashik after attending a condolence meeting at the Kalidas auditorium. Joshi was the first leader to raise the demand for Thackeray's memorial at Shivaji Park.The Sena leader was referring to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement that the state government would not do anything in violation of the law with regard to the Sena's demand to set up the memorial. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17367026", "title": "Don't shut Kannada schools: Girish Karnad", "text": "DHARWAD: Jnanpith awardee playwright Girish Karnad said it is the responsibility of the state government to see that all the Kannada medium schools in the state run properly and children studying in Karnataka learn Kannada language.In a chat with TOI here on Sunday, Karnad said it should not be difficult for the child to learn two languages over the years. In Karnataka it should be in Kannada medium at primary level so that the child grasps the subject matter properly. English could be an additional language, he said.\"When Indians going to Germany or Russia learn the local language within months why those in Karnataka cannot learn Kannada?\" he asked and said closing of schools for want of children was an irresponsible act on the part of the government. The government should ensure improvement in quality of teaching and provide infrastructure to attract more children to schools, he said.On government funding the literary organizations like Kannada Sahitya Parishat and then claiming to be a major stakeholder, Karnad said the government should fund the Parishat and Sahitya Sammelanas and leave it at that. \"The government and the ministers should keep away from literary arena. Individually if they are interested in literary activities it is fine for them to attend. Otherwise, they have nothing to do in literary conferences. In Maharashtra, the politicians are not invited to annual Marathi literary meet,\" he said and added that ministers should be engaged in works like policy making and development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17367183", "title": "Rare animals meat being sold at Manipur fest", "text": "IMPHAL: The Thoubal unit of People for Animals (PFA) made the shocking disclosure that a food outlet at the ongoing Manipur Sangai Festival has on offer an array of dishes made from the meat of rare wild animals like boar (wild pig) and porcupine.Members of PFA, Thoubal, who carried out a brief survey at the festival venue on Saturday, found that the stall-owners were selling porcupine and wild boar meat openly at the festival for Rs 100 a plate of five to six pieces.\"This shameful act is being carried out in the open at the Sangai festival. We don't know how the festival organizers, who are responsible officials of the state government, granted permission to the stall-owners to sell the meat of endangered species,\" said Lourembem Bishwajit, managing trustee of PFA, Thoubal.\"We have even procured samples of what is being claimed to be porcupine and wild boar meat from the stall-owners as documentary evidence. If the matter turns serious, we will send them to experts for confirmation after consulting forest authorities,\" Bishwajit said. Not only does the stall banner mention that the menu offers the meat of the rare animals, the names of the animals in question are also mentioned in the thermo-flasks at the stall and the owners were seen serving the meat to people openly, he said.\"The festival is named after the rare and endangered Sangai (brow-antlered deer), but this doesn't mean that other endangered animals' dishes can be sold in the open at the fair. This shows that the stall-owners and festival organizers do not want to protect and conserve wild animals. The foreigners who are attending the festival will have a dreadful impression of Manipur and its people,\" Bishwajit said.Wild boar and porcupine are listed in schedules III and IV respectively of the endangered animals of the country under the Protection of Wildlife Act, 1972, he said. He appealed to the forest department to take immediate action against the stall-owners and festival organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17371595", "title": "Bantwal continues to record highest temperature in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of DK district continued to be the hottest place in Karnataka for since Saturday. The hobli recorded highest maximum temperature of 39.1\u00c2\u00b0C in Karnataka on November 25 at 2.30pm just as it recorded maximum temperature of 36.4\u00c2\u00b0C on November 24 at 2.30pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 15.2\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Shiggaon hobli in Shiggaon taluk of Haveri district on November 26 at 6.45am.Santeguli in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 2.5mm in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday. Dry weather prevailed over the state in these last 24-hours. Rainfall was negligible North-East monsoon was weak in 30 districts. Light rain was recorded in one district, very light rain in 11 districts and no rain in 18 districts. Isolated, light rain was received in Uttara Kannada district.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 26 recorded deficit rainfall of 19%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 177mm in south-interior, north-interior, Malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 143mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 26, four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.8mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366277", "title": "15 years on, delinking of intermediate education still pending", "text": "PATNA: Even as the recent process of rationalization of teaching posts in different universities of the state has been finalized in anticipation of the proposed delinking of intermediate teaching from degree colleges, the task of delinking of intermediate (plus two) education from degree colleges is proving a herculean task for the authorities concerned. Save Patna University (PU), all other universities of the state are continuing with intermediate education in their constituent as well as affiliated colleges.Bihar is the only state in the entire country where intermediate teaching is still being imparted in degree colleges, defying the directives of the UGC and the Union government. The Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) had also recommended delinking of intermediate teaching from degree colleges.In fact, the exercise for delinking intermediate (plus two) education from the university system has been going on in the state for the last 15 years, but the same could not materialize due to one reason or the other. Several committees of academics were also constituted to suggest ways for smooth delinking of intermediate classes from degree colleges. The reports of these committees are reportedly gathering dust in the HRD department.The government had taken a policy decision to phase out intermediate education from colleges to conform to the national policy of 10+2+3 and introduce CBSE format in plus two from 2007-09 batch. While, intermediate teaching was delinked from all the six colleges of PU, namely Patna College, Patna Science College, Patna Women's College, Magadh Mahila College, B N College and Vanijya Mahavidyalaya in 2007 itself, colleges of other universities were to follow suit in 2008. But intermediate education still continues to be a part of degree colleges.The government had decided to strengthen the plus two schools by augmenting their infrastructural facilities and appointing more subject teachers in the intervening period so that all the intermediate students could be accommodated in those schools and the institutions might be able to impart quality education. But very little could be done so far for improving the condition of schools and delinking intermediate teaching from degree colleges.Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh observed that the government must take steps for strengthening of the existing schools and delinking intermediate education from degree colleges in the light of the provisions of the National Policy on Education. No student would hesitate in pursuing plus two education in schools if he gets proper academic environment and quality teaching there, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sao paulo", "code": "17365486", "title": "Hulkenberg gets 10 points for Force India in final race with team", "text": "SAO PAULO: Nico Hulkenberg ended his partnership with Sahara Force India on a high as he secured 10 points for the side at the season-closing Brazilian Grand Prix with a fifth place finish on Sunday.Results | Drivers' Standings | Constructors' StandingsHistory was beckoning the young German when he was locked in an intense race-lead battle with Mercedes' bound Lewis Hamilton but an overtaking manoeuvre in lap 49 brought him a costly drive through penalty, spoiling his podium chances.Neverthless, it was a fantastic season for Hulkenberg as he finished 11th in the drivers standing with 63 points, just three behind Sauber's Sergio Perez , and 17 more than teammate Paul di Resta, who was 14th.Hulkenberg matched his second best result of the season on Sunday as he had finished fifth at the European Grand Prix also.A career-best fourth place at Belgian Grand Prix was the highlight of his stay at the Indian team.Hulkenberg had joined Force India in 2011 as a test and reserve driver and was promoted to a race seat this season in place of Adrian Sutil .He will join Sauber for the 2013 season and will be partnered by Mexican driver Esteban Gutierrez.It was forgettable season-end race for Di Resta as he crashed out of the race in the penultimate lap after spinning his car on the last corner to go off the track and hit the wall.The Indian team finished seventh in the constructors' championship with 109 points, 17 less than Sauber.The team had finished sixth last year although it had scored 69 points in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370814", "title": "Sonakshi more excited for Dabangg 2", "text": "She made her Bollywood debut with the blockbuster 'Dabangg' in 2010, and now actress Sonakshi Sinha , who is also a part of 'Dabangg 2', says she is upbeat about being a part of the franchise.\"I am very excited. When a film gets a good response, it feels good. I started with Dabangg and now doing Dabangg 2 is very exciting for me,\" the 25-year-old said on the sidelines of an event here Sunday.Sonakshi was joined at the event by director Milan Luthria, who is working with her in the sequel to Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai .In the movie, Sonakshi features opposite Akshay Kumar , who plays don Shoaib Khan. But she refuses to call her own part negative.\"It's negative? No. It's a very interesting character. For me, as an actor it is a very challenging role and the film is set in a very interesting premise. It is a great role, that's all I can say now,\" Sonakshi said.The film also features Imran Khan and Sonali Bendre . It is to release around Eid next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17367182", "title": "Govt's eco zone move may leave Malnad farmers in lurch", "text": "SHIMOGA: The state government's move to frame suitable and adoptable guidelines to create exclusive eco-sensitive zones (ESZ) around all the reserved forests, national parks and wildlife sanctuary limits has left Malnad farmers a worried lot.They fear that if the Wildlife Protection (Amendment) Act-2002 is implemented in compliance with the direction of the apex court, people living on the fringes of forests will lose their livelihood and shelter.The purpose of ESZ is to prevent human activities in the area, check human-animal conflict and provide a safe zone for wild animals. Apart from preserving the fragile eco system, it aims to provide a safe habitat to wild animals and birds. The Act envisages barring 26 activities that include villagers entering the 10-kilometre radius and collecting forest produces. So far only Gujarat, Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Haryana and Goa have responded positively to the proposal. Other states are delaying it. Now, pressure is mounting on these states in the wake of the court directing them to adopt suitable safety measures to prevent \"human-wild tussles\".Shimoga has three wild life sanctuaries. Shettyhalli, Sharavathi and Bhadra and the entire Malnad region has three more along with Kudremukh national park.If the plan is implemented, lakhs of farmers will be subjected untold miseries, eviction, restriction and loss of their land adjacent to such areas.Officials of the wildlife wing, confirming the proposal, said they have held two meetings to prepare guidelines and will focus on their implementation only in rural areas. The guidelines will be sent to the state authorities for final consideration.According to BA Ramesh Hegade, chairman of Shimoga Growers' Association, 51 villages will be affected in Shaettihalli wildlife sanctuary limits alone.If the plan is materialized, farmers, already perturbed with eviction drive and non-clearance of Bagar Hukum land, will be left with little choice, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372294", "title": "Better than Vikram, Suriya, Vishal and Arya!", "text": "During the audio launch of his movie 'Paradesi' starring Atharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika, direcor Bala was quizzed to pick the best artist that he has so far worked with. Bala was expected to pick one the best actor among Vikram, Suriya, Arya, Vishal and Atharva.Known for his boldness and straight forward answers, the director didn't pick one, neither was he diplomatic. Instead, he said that is better than all the five actors, but was quick to add he is acting good in front of the media.The director is done with his next film ' Paradesi ' whose music is composed by GV Prakash and the film is expected to hit the screens on 21st December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17366003", "title": "N Kiran Kumar Reddy offers prayers at Tirumala, inaugurates guesthouse", "text": "TIRUMALA: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy worshipped Lord Venkateswara in Tirumala on Sunday on the occasion of completing two years in the office. The CM had a darshan of the Lord in the morning.On his arrival at the Srivari temple, priests and officials welcomed the CM with honours and led him to the sanctum sanctorum. TTD executive officer L V Subramanyam and joint EO K S Sreenivasa Raju presented Srivari prasadam while Veda pandits blessed him at Ranganayakula mandapam.A new guest house for accommodating visiting pilgrims was inaugurated by the chief minister on Sunday. Narayanagiri rest house, built at a cost of Rs 4 crore, can accommodate 150 pilgrims. TTD executive officer LV Subramanyam said the new rest house has 30 rooms. The CM later laid the foundation stone for the Telugu Ganga water pipeline at Sri Venkateswara poor home. The pipeline would draw 10 MLD of water to meet the requirements of TTD institutions in Tirupati and Tirumala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17368216", "title": "Young rockers bring the House down", "text": "LUDHIANA: Yashoda Dandona, 14, a resident of Sarabha Nagar has been learning to play drums for the past three months and when she took to the stage to perform on Sunday, she left the audience mesmerized, by her sheer skill and passion. \"Drumming is not considered feminine, but I have wanted to be a drummer since my childhood and have my own band. This is the first time that I got to perform live in front of hundreds of cheering people. Though I have lots to learn, I am happy to be a part of this concert,\" smiled Yashoda.Despite the dip in the temperature outside, the electrifying performances by young talent from the Arpeggios Music Factory heated up things in the mall, where they performed. A rock concert by kids under 15 years of age saw around 20 students from this music academy showcase their talent, may it be the guitar (both electric and acoustic), synthesizers or the drums. The highlight of the event was liquid drumming by Albert John, 26, the master himself along with his students Jugar, Saubhagya and Charanpreet.And those learning at the music factory, had much to say about the joy of performing live. Aditi Bansal, 13, a student at the academy, who is honing her skills at playing the keyboard said, \"The opportunity we got today to perform live was an amazing experience.\" Aarti Johar, a resident of Bhagat Singh Nagar, who is mother of Rishit, 9 -- who is learning to play guitar at the academy -- while talking about the event said, \"I have never seen my son so expressive as I saw him today. His performance revealed his more confident self. And his passion for the guitar was visible through his performance.\"The music maestro Albert, a resident of Chandigarh Road, who conceptualized the rock concert said, \"Performing live is a great exposure for these kids. I lay due emphasis on performing on stage, so that my students get a knack of performing on stage. And this experience would give them a leg up, if they want to take up music as a profession later on in life.\"For the audience who cheered the young rockers, watching youngsters confidently play various songs including \"desi\" ones like \"Kisi ki muskurahaton\" and \"Chura liya hai tumne,\" was a treat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369485", "title": "Kajal late for 'Thuppakki'", "text": "Thuppakki's leading lady finally seems to have found time to watch her latest hit movie 'Thuppakki'. While almost the whole world has seen the film, looks like Kajal Aggarwal could find time only a few days back to enjoy 'Thuppakki'.She finally saw the movie in Hyderabad, Cinemax and found the movie to be very gripping. She seemed to have went for the movie after a huge number of fans suggested her to watch the movie when she asked their opinion through her social networking page.Kajal Aggarwal posted on \"What I hadn't seen was Thuppaki and finally saw that right now at Cinemax! Since majority of you'll suggested.. I think it's a very gripping story and for those who haven't seen it yet, pls go watch! I'm sure you'll will love it.\"The pretty actress had enjoyed the latest ' Life of Pi ' while she was at IFFI in Goa.Image Courtesy: Kajal Aggarwal facebook page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367485", "title": "Bhubaneswar boy wins talent hunt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Seconds after Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan announced M Sumanth as winner of a popular reality show in Mumbai on Saturday evening, the Odisha capital erupted in joy. City-based Sumanth (13) and his diminutive dance partner Sonali (7) from Kolkata left the jury and star-studded guest panel (SRK, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma of Jab Tak Hai Jaan fame) spellbound with their stunning acrobats and gyrations before clinching the title at the grand finale.After Prince Dance Group from Odisha's Ganjam district, this is the second time another dancer from the state won the national talent hunt. Prince Dance Group, mostly comprising daily labourers, had bagged the first edition of the show in 2009.\"It is a red-letter day for us and Odisha as well. Our son has made us proud,\" said Sumanth's beaming parents M Jagdish Rao and M Radha. The dance couple, which represented Bibhash Academy of Dance of Kolkata, bagged the maximum votes among 12 other finalists. The duo received Rs 50 lakh and a car.The Railway Colony (Rail Vihar) in Chandrasekharpur here, where Sumanth's family resides, slipped into celebration mode late in the night. Sumanth's family, friends and neighbours poured onto the street and burst crackers. Greetings came pouring in from the East Coast Railway, where Sumanth's father works as a junior clerk. \"We are thankful to God and fans of Sumanth for their blessings. His hard work won him the crown,\" said Bobin Mohanty, general secretary of East Coast Railway Engineers Association. Earlier, Rao's colleagues had launched a campaign seeking votes for Sumanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17366157", "title": "GRP station cramped in railways's servant quarter", "text": "JEHANABAD: Following the dismantling of its old building, the government railway police (GRP) station at Jehanabad seems to be cramped within its tiny confines of a railway servant's quarters. The old building, which earlier housed the police station, was dismantled to make way for the construction of a new building complex.The railways invited tenders for the building construction and a construction company finally got the tender for the new GRP building complex at Jehanabad railway station. However, according to reports, despite allotment of contract several months ago, work on the proposed GRP building is yet to be taken up.With no solution in sight in the immediate future, the GRP personnel are finding it very hard to cope with the space problem in the existing accommodation. With thick files spilling over the shelves in one room and seized articles and goods stacked in another, there is hardly any space for the personnel to sit or move about. Besides basic issues like lack of space, housing facilities for the officers and barracks for the police personnel, the non-availability of space has other ramifications too. With not enough space, the GRP personnel have to remain extra vigilant all the time in view of the apparent Maoist danger. It is to be noted that the areas adjoining the Jehanabad railway station are considered Naxal strongholds.According to sources, contracts for two separate building complexes to house the GRP and the railway protection force (RPF) at Jehanabad railway station were awarded to the same construction company. While the work on the RPF building complex has been lying incomplete for the past several months, the foundation for the new GRP building is yet to be laid.The locals have put a question mark over the quality of work of the incomplete RPF building. If an impartial indepth inquiry is held into the matter, it is sure to create problems for the construction company as well as some railway officials, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366616", "title": "Thieves burgle and make merry in locked house", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars broke into a house and decamped with cash and valuables worth lakhs of rupees in Shahpura area. And before leaving, they had a party. They consumed the alcohol and dry fruits kept in the house.The police said complainant Murli Dhar Balwani (62) had gone to Mumbai to meet his son while his house in B- sector Shahpura here was locked. Balwani is a retired official of a pharmaceutical company.However, when he returned on Saturday, he found the locks broken. Balwani took account of the situation and ascertained that around Rs 1.5 lakh, besides, diamond, gold and silver jewellery was missing from the house. Subsequently he filed a complaint with the police. A police official said that the thieves had made merry in the house before leaving as the complainant had reported empty bottles of alcohol and dry fruit boxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17367120", "title": "Body found near ESL campus in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Mystery shrouds over a body found in a drain adjacent to the boundary of the Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL) under Siyaljori police station of Chandankyari block here on Saturday. Police is yet to identify the deceased.Officer-in-charge of Siyaljori police station, O P Sukla said police found the body lying in the drain adjacent to the ESL boundary wall, and it appeared to be there for the past few days. The deceased seems to be between 30-35 years of age.Police was informed on Friday about the foul smell from the body which was lying in the drain.\"When we reached the spot in the morning and searched, we found the body lying in the drain. It was decomposed which made it difficult to indentify the man. We have sent it for postmortem,\" said Sukla.It is difficult to ascertain whether he was killed or he died because of falling into the drain. However, we have communicated to other police stations and are going through missing reports to identify the deceased, said Sukla.General manager of the company, C P Pandey said the body was found outside the peripheral areas of the company and was not that of any of its workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365742", "title": "Miracles do happen, says optimistic Gautam Gambhir", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Gambhir' in Hindi means intense, or serious. True to his name, India's opener is a sombre, pensive character. He can get very angry at times and yes, he is touchy about being criticized for his recent run of poor form.Gambhir, who hasn't scored a hundred in 22 Tests and couldn't even manage a fifty in his last nine Test innings, finally produced one on Sunday. It was a fighting effort on a difficult pitch and the knock came just when he needed it.While his unbeaten 53 at the end of Day Three may not be enough to save India from defeat, it may have helped him save his Test career. At least for now.The opener, though, was defiant about his form. \"Form is something which is very individual. For me, if you are batting well and happy about the way you are playing, then your form is good,\" was his unconvincing reply when asked if he was under pressure to produce an innings of substance on Monday.Gambhir had played on a similar sort of pitch here in the 2004 Test against Australia, which marked his debut. India had defended a score of 107 successfully and went on to win by 13 runs.\"There are three batsmen still left,\" Gambhir said about this Test, \"You have to be positive. If Bhajji and I get a good partnership, we can still get a good score around 120 to 150. When I played in my debut Test here, Australia were all out cheaply (93) in the fourth innings. Anything is possible. You can't say it's a formality tomorrow. Miracles can happen and things can change very quickly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370899", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcActing is not my priority\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Veena exponent Rajesh Vaidhya seems to be all set to rock this music season. It looks like the preparations for the same is on in full swing as the musician hints us that any new project he takes up, will be only after the Margazhi season. \"I'm going to be really busy this season with back-to-back concerts,\" starts off Rajesh.The Veena exponent was in the city recently as a part of a music fest and he thoroughly enjoyed the affair. \"Coimbatore audience has always been receptive and I look forward to performing in the city. This time around, the concert we did was a bit different from all the shows we have done so far. It primarily had my own compositions with four accompanists. It was a two-hour concert,\" he says.On the movie front, not only did Rajesh face the arc lights for Viswa Thulasi , but also collaborated with composers Vidyasagar , Harris Jayaraj and Devi Sri Prasad. Prod the musician, why he has been lying low for a while in tinsel town and pat comes the reply, \"I am not really focusing on the acting front. But that doesn't mean I will never face the camera again. You never know. As far as the music part is concerned, there is no new collaboration in the pipeline as of now. Even if something comes up, it will be only after the Margazhi season.\"Rajesh is now busy with his upcoming album by his band Square. \"The album is shaping up well and it should be out sometime early next year. It's a medley of rock, jazz and other forms of music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366071", "title": "Why were Palghar vandals given quick bail, ask legal eagles", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar magistrate should not have immediately released on bail the 10 men who vandalized the hospital belonging to Shaheen Dhada's uncle, legal experts say. \"The magistrate's order is rather strange. Police custody should have been for a limited period to at least enable the police to investigate properly,\" said former attorney general and senior jurist Soli Sorabjee.Last Sunday (November 18), after Dhada posted a comment on Facebook questioning the bandh following Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death, vandals attacked her uncle's hospital, destroying medical equipment estimated at Rs 20 lakh. After the media and the public expressed outrage, the police booked 10 vandalss for rioting and under a 2010 law against violent attacks on hospitals.Though before the magistrate, the police sought custody with the standard argument that the 10 men might interfere with the investigative process, senior lawyers and jurists say the question is if the police made out a strong case against the accused, argued forcefully for their custodial interrogation and adequately opposed their bail pleas considering the gravity of the case.Senior counsel Amit Desai said, \"One of the conditions for refusing bail is gravity of the offence. In the Palghar case, the police and the magistrate appear not to have taken the gravity of rioters damaging a hospital into account.\"Under the 2010 law\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMaharashtra Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institution (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss to Property) Act\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddamaging a medical institution is a non-bailable offence that attracts three years in jail and a fine of Rs 50,000. It also requires the accused to compensate the victim with twice the cost of damage.A recently retired Bombay high court judge said the magistrate \"erred seriously\" in granting immediate bail to the accused. \"The magistrate appears not to have considered or appreciated the seriousness of the charges: of rioting and vandalizing on a day of funeral.\"Former additional solicitor general Mukul Rohtagi concurred. \"The vandalism showed lawlessness in the state. In both cases\u00e2\u20ac\u201dswift, unjustified arrest of the girls (Dhada and the girl who 'liked' her comment) and late arrest of the vandals\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit shows the state's failure,\" he said. \"The Palghar magistrate should not have been so hasty in granting bail. He should have given the police time to carry out an investigation and custodial interrogation of the accused to find out the identity of the other vandals.\"Lawyers questioned the low bail amount at which the arrested men were released. Rohtagi said, \"The court should have imposed a greater bail amount.\" A senior Supreme Court counsel said that in the girls' case, the magistrate should have released them on \"unconditional bail, with no bail bonds\".The law is clear that a magistrate must apply his mind to every case. \"A magistrate has the power to examine the case facts even on the first remand to see if an offence is made out or not. The magistrate can release the person arrested on a personal bond with no conditions if there is no case,\" Desai said.Former central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"The action of those who vandalized a medical clinic and behaved inhumanly with patients is not being sufficiently criticized. These vandals were arrested very late and let off very lightly.\"Pointing to the surprisingly low bail amount for the men, Gandhi said, \"If we are happy to blame the police out of habit, no meaningful change will occur.\"But Gopal Barve, one of the defence advocates in the Palghar case, opposed the charge invoked by the police under the 2010 act. He had sought bail since none of the accused was named in the FIR and said the new law was meant to apply only in cases which occur \"when doctors are on duty and patients affected\". The bail condition is to appear once weekly at the police station.Senior Supreme Court counsel C A Sundaram said that legally, bail is a right and jail an exception. \"Bail usually is commensurate with the nature of offence and standing of the accused. The amount is to ensure compliance with bail conditions. When an offence is non-bailable, it is within the discretion of a magistrate whether or not to grant bail. He or she decides on the issues, mainly on the insistence of the police or the investigation agency for custody, to prevent tampering of evidence and for further probe.\"If the police do not insist on custody, what is looked into is whether the release of the accused will either result in their tampering of evidence or jumping bail and absconding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366192", "title": "Environmentalist and Padma Bhushan Madhav Gadgil to be visiting Patna University professor", "text": "PATNA: Eminent environmentalist and Padma Bhushan, Madhav Gadgil, has been appointed visiting professor of Patna University (PU), said PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh.The VC said the faculty of science in general and life science in particular will flourish under the able stewardship of Gadgil, a Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar and Vikram Sarabhai awardee and former member of the Science Advisory Council to Prime Minister of India. Accepting the PU's offer, Gadgil has expressed his happiness and assured all possible academic input to the students and faculty members of the university.Earlier, delivering a special lecture on 'Major transitions in evolutions' at Patna Science College, Gadgil said life originated on the earth about 3.5 billion years ago and since then nine major progressive transitions have resulted into such a vast biological process facilitated by environmental conditions.The primitive unicellular organisms are still relevant in the life and development of present days' multicellular complex organisms, and progress in the march of life is due to cooperative interactions among the organisms. Development of nervous system and communication ability rendered evolution of primate societies and human life some 0.05 million years ago. Interestingly, the life that originated from the 'hydrothermal vents' at the bottom of sea, diversified into animal societies with numerous genes, most of them are junk and useless to the living entity, he said.PU zoology department teacher R K Sinha welcomed the guests. PU science faculty dean U K Sinha, Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha, PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad and zoology department head Prabha Rani participated in the deliberations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "khulna", "code": "17370869", "title": "Tino will be missed, laments Gibson", "text": "KHULNA: West Indies coach Ottis Gibson has lamented the loss of strike bowler Tino Best for the upcoming limited overs series against Bangladesh.The right arm pacer, who took 12 wickets at an average of 14.33 in the just concluded two match Test series, picked up a grade one hamstring strain and will return home for further treatment.\"It is unfortunate that Tino will be leaving after he came back and bowled so well in the second innings of this game,\" Gibson said.\"His performance in the Test series shows that he is in form, so we will be missing an in-form bowler.\"Best, who has played sporadically for West Indies since making his debut nine years ago, bowled West Indies to victory in the Dhaka Test with a five-wicket haul in the second innings and repeated his heroics here in the second Test as he took six wickets to earn yet another convincing win for the Caribbean side.He was expected to be a key member of the attack in the upcoming five one-dayers and single Twenty20 but Gibson says it was important the Barbadian get back to full fitness especially with a busy schedule ahead for the Windies.\"With the injury that he has sustained and the high intensity of the limited-overs format, it means that it's too big a risk to take, so he will return home, get his rehab done, and get himself fully fit again,\" Gibson explained.\"There is a lot of cricket coming up next year and it will be important for us that he gets himself ready for that cricket.\"Best has been replaced by lanky 21-year-old seamer Jason Holder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17367160", "title": "3 Army officers may lose job on bigamy charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a strong view, the Army is in the process of terminating the services of three of its officers found guilty of marrying more than one woman.Two Majors and one Captain are in the process of being terminated from service for marrying more than one woman and indulging in bigamy, sources said.The senior-most officer to be terminated is from the Infantry and was a Company Commander in the 17 Rajput regiment. The decision was taken after it was found that he remarried soon after his official marriage, they said. The other two officers belong to the non-fighting arms of the force including Corps of Electrical and Mechanical Engineers and Army Medical Corps .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365982", "title": "Two years on, Kiran rains sops on weaker sections", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday rained sops on the weaker sections on the occasion of completing two years in office. He announced Rs 120-crore 'Rajiv Vidya Deevena,' a scholarship programme for students of ninth and 10th standard. The scheme will be implemented with the support of government of India.The day scholars will get a monthly scholarship of Rs 150 for 10 months, a book grant of Rs 750, while the hostellers will get Rs 350 for 10 months and Rs 1,000 for book grant. Four lakh SC students and 1.60 lakh ST students are expected benefit from the scheme.As assured in Sunnamvaarigudem of Khammam district during the Indiramma Baata programme, the CM sanctioned 228 teacher posts to improve the education standards in Gurukulams and Andhra Pradesh Tribal Welfare Residential Society.The chief minister also announced \"Indiramma Amrutha Hastham\" with Rs 100 crore corpus fund for two lakh pregnant mothers. One cooked meal in high risk 100 ICDS projects will be provided under this scheme. This will enable the government to check the infant and maternal mortality rate, the officials of chief minister's office claimed.Kiran Kumar also sanctioned Rs 50 crore to Andhra Pradesh Geetha Parisramika Arthika Samkshema Samstha, a backward class welfare scheme. Extending his larges to the minority communities, the CM sanctioned the commissionerate for minority welfare with 69 posts including one post of commissioner, seven posts of deputy directors, five posts of assistant directors and 56 other posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365657", "title": "Love, loss and longing", "text": "It is a peaceful morning in the neighbourhood of Srinagar, in the city of Belgaum, Karnataka. Across the road from a pretty park, on a lovely quiet street, a small sign on the gate to a small villa reads 'Yalagi'.Although it is still early morning, Akamahadevi and Andanappa Yalagi have been up for hours. \"I don't like to sleep because waking up is so terrible,\" says Akamahadevi. \"I still have many moments when I almost think it isn't true,\" says Andanappa.\"When Savita was alive, everything about her was life,\" says M, her first cousin, a year younger than her.The tragedy of Savita Halappanavar is infuriating. Everything about her life stands in stark contrast to the way it ended. Savita was strong, outspoken, educated, and assertive. We want to believe that this should be enough to protect our daughters from destructive intervention by state, religion, or bureaucratic automation. It was not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366268", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam may be chief guest at 150th anniversary of Patna College", "text": "PATNA: Patna College, the oldest institution of higher education in the state, is gearing up to celebrate its 150th anniversary on January 9 on a grand scale. Former President A P J Abdul Kalam is likely to grace the occasion as the chief guest.College principal Ras Bihari Prasad Singh said that a meeting of all the college teachers has been convened on November 30 to discuss ways for making the event a memorable one. A detailed plan of celebrations would be chalked out at the meeting.The college has already been organizing co-curricular and extra-curricular activities as a part of yearlong 150th anniversary celebrations. Eminent personalities were invited to deliver extramural lectures and a meeting of the college old boys was held sometime back. More than 20 prominent alumni of the college, including former foreign secretary Muchkund Dubey and historian Surendra Gopal have been requested to contribute articles in a special souvenir being brought out on the occasion, he said.He pointed out that the state government has extended all financial help for the repair and renovation of the buildings of the college and its hostels. Two engineers of the Bihar Educational Infrastructure Development Corporation had come to the college to make an assessment of required repair and renovation work. The work for giving a facelift to the college is likely to be started soon.He also pointed out that a sum of Rs 67 lakh, sanctioned by the government for some development work in 2009 is still lying with the college. New toilets and campus roads are to be constructed with this fund. Essential infrastructural facilities would also be provided in the college hostels, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366561", "title": "Scrap Maheshwer power project: NBA", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) has reiterated to scrap the Maheshwer hydel power project and claimed that the company promoting the project - Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Company Limited - (SMHPCL)- has failed to rehabilitate thousands of project oustees.Addressing a press conference here on Sunday, Alok Agrawal of the NBA said the SMHPCL has \"failed\" to rehabilitate the oustees. Quoting extensively from an affidavit filed in National Green Tribunal, Alok said the state government stated that the company could not provide sufficient funds--a prerequisite for timely completion of the relief and rehabilitation work.Apart from not providing funds for land acquisition, development of rehabilitation sites and other activities of relief and rehabilitation works, the company could not even reimburse the establishment expenditure being incurred, he added.Referring to the affidavit, he said, the estimated cost of relief and rehabilitation works out to the tune of Rs 740 crore against which the SMHCL provided only Rs. 203.42 crore till date (September this year).According to Alok, the company released only 27% of the funds required for relief and rehabilitation and the earlier claims of the state government that over 70% of the relief and rehabilitation work of the Maheshwar project had been completed were \"false and fraudulent\".Criticising the state government, the NBA activists also said the state government has also denied its own responsibility for the rehabilitation and resettlement of the oustees of the Maheshwar dam and has stated that it is acting only as an agent of the private company in this regard.The construction of the controversial hydel power project is on the verge of completion. The National Green Tribunal has also directed a committee constituted by the ministry of environment and forest to visit the affected areas between December 5 and 7 later this year to assess the damages caused , if any, due to filling up of the reservoir up to 155.5 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365845", "title": "There's a fever in town, doctors find a viral link", "text": "NEW DELHI: Have you been suffering from fever for over two weeks or the cough and cold is just not going away? Doctors say these symptoms may be linked to viral infection which, like dengue and chikungunya, has seen significant changes in terms of clinical manifestations and resistance. The illness is often prolonged, it produces severe symptoms including neurological and chest involvement and worse, in many cases the infection recurs.According to Dr Randeep Guleria, professor and head, department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders at AIIMS, organism evolution and change in population spectrum are two major causes.\"The increased incidence of viral infection is because of mutation. The severity could also be a result of that but more importantly, a large chunk of population suffers from co-morbidities like obesity diabetes and asthma which aggravates the illness,\" he said.Guleria added, \"Travel is another factor. Chikungunya is a case in point. Till few years ago, it was prevalent mostly in south India but now, for the last two years, we get local cases too.\"Dr C S Wattal, chairperson of the microbiology department at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital said that viruses evolve by multiplying and through the exchange of genetic material which makes them spread faster. \"The virulence may or may not increase,\" he said.While changes in clinical characteristics and strain of viruses causing diseases like dengue and chikungunya have been documented, no recent studies have been conducted to investigate the subtypes of virus causing influenza or gastroenteritis, said Dr Ekta Gupta, senior microbiologist at Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences. She conducted genetic sequencing of dengue virus samples and found the presence of multiple strains of dengue virus in the capital.\"Classical symptoms of diseases have changed. For e.g, dengue does not always cause high fever and headache. We got many cases this year where the patient complained of mild fever and body ache but diagnosis confirmed dengue and there was rapid fall in platelet counts,\" Gupta said.Dr Anoop Misra, director, department of diabetes and metabolic diseases at Fortis said treatment of viral infections is mostly symptomatic. \"Tests aren't conducted to know etiology of the disease so the exact incidence rate cannot be assessed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367984", "title": "Mysore carollers usher in Yuletide spirit at contest", "text": "MYSORE: Neither age nor language was a barrier as carollers ushered in the spirit of Christmas at the carol competition held in the city on Sunday. Carollers told the story of the birth of Jesus Christ through carols and reenacted the Nativity scene.In keeping with its annual tradition, Carmel Catholic Association (CCA) organized 20th annual carol singing competition. The daylong event was organized at Maharaja's College Centenary Hall. Students from different high schools, colleges and representatives of religious institutions and parishes took part in the contest.Students put up a bright show at the event that commenced around 9 am. Some attired in colourful costumes brought alive the birth scene of Christ. A group of carollers from a high school reenacted the Nativity scene as they sang joyous songs. Carols like 'Silent Night', 'Joy to the World', 'O come all ye faithful' etc lifted the mood of the audience. The annual carol singing competition began around 9am and concluded at 6pm. Carollers sang in Kannada Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam and English.Professor Jose V K, chairman CCA, said the event was organized in 12 different categories like LKG, UKG, primary, high school, college, religious institutions, professional singers and parish. Around 2,000 people from 3 to 70 years were part of the competition.Earlier Provincial, Karnataka-Goa Province OCD Rev Archibald Gonsalves inaugurated the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365654", "title": "16,000 schools object to RTE enrolment form", "text": "BANGALORE: The Right to Education continues to be mired in confusion. If certain clauses had become the bone of contention earlier, the mandatory-but-'knotty' online registration form is now raising the hackles of schools. The result: about 16,000 private schools have objected to \"confusing\" registration process.An umbrella body of private schools' associations in the state wants the online registration form to be simplified first. Registration is mandatory for the continuance of the schools' recognition.\"Although we decided to go ahead with the process despite all pending issues, we are not happy with the bulk information that is being demanded. The form needs to be simplified first,\" said L Shivarame Gowda, president, Karnataka Unaided Schools Joint Action Committee (KUSJAC).According to KUSJAC, collating such information will take at least six months. \"There is no other go than to simplify the application form. We have only five days left and thus there is no question of retrieving the kind of information being asked in the application form. We will go ahead with the registration process only after the form is simplified,\" Gowda said.Office-bearers of KUSJAC, whose affiliates include CBSE, ICSE and state syllabus schools, met primary and secondary education minister Visveswara Hegde Kageri and claimed that the minister assured them that the form would be simplified.\"He has given his consent to this. There are many lacunae in the form and the only way out to finish the process within five days is simplification,\" said A Mariyappa, vice-president, KUSJAC.KUSJAC comprises the Karnataka Federation of Independent Schools Management (KFISM), Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (KUSMA), Karnataka State Private School Management Federation (KSPSMF) and Karnataka State Minority Federation (KSMF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17366027", "title": "Residents protest against surcharge on power bills", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Greater Noida staged an agitation in Sector Gamma-I on Sunday against the discom Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) for imposing additional surcharge of 8% on electricity bills. Residents alleged that the hike is uncalled as supply and maintenance services by the discom are grossly inadequate.\"Proper feedback had not been registered from consumers before imposing the surcharge. The hike has been imposed despite no commensurate increase in power supply or better maintenance services,\" said Alok Singh, a resident of Greater Noida.Residents have alleged of botched-up power consumption readings by the discom, particularly after the installation of new electronic meters. \"As compared to my power bills for the corresponding period last year, the bills this season have been at least 1.5 times higher,\" added Singh.Other than demanding roll back of the surcharge, residents have also insisted upon lessening of long hours of loadshedding. \"Two to four hours of cuts are a regular affair even during winter. Panel boxes of the discom located in public places are in tatters exposing people to electric shocks,\" said Vikram Kasana, a resident of Gamma-II.Representatives of various social organizations and RWAs, who came together in the agitation, have decided to take out a massive car rally in Greater Noida on November 27 to protest against the high-handedness of the power corporation. Members of the Bar Association of Gautam Budh Nagar, apart from the Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association, were also present in the meeting. Residents have demanded that the discom hold public camps to redress their grievances.Even as residents have decided to bolster their offensive against the discom, NPCL has maintained that it has not imposed the surcharge from its own but upon the recommendation of the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) as per the revised tariff structure put in place across Uttar Pradesh in October. \"The regulatory commission has imposed the surcharge upon all categories of consumers across the state. The commission is the only competent authority to decide upon any rollback of the charges,\" said Samarjit Mohanty, deputy manager of NPCL.Earlier, over 700 industrial units of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad had protested against imposing 'regulatory charges' on bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17400546", "title": "Congress leaders go all out to show loyalty to CM Kiran", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Differences within the Congress came to the fore on Sunday as some senior party leaders left no stone unturned to display their loyalty to the chief minister at the 'Kiran Vijay Utsav' held to mark N Kiran Kumar Reddy's completion of two years in office.Grumblings within the party had already begun when the party, which had cancelled the popular annual cultural show, Visakha Utsav, on grounds that Nilam cyclone had left the people of the region suffering losses, announced that it would host Kiran Vijay Utsav instead.People of the city, who wait for the annual event and turn up in the thousands to watch the colourful Visakha fair, were forced to watch Congress leaders lavish praise on the chief minister. Held near Kurupam monument on the Beach road , the function was orchestrated by those whose loyalties allegedly lie with Congress leader Dharmana Prasada Rao. Rao along with some of his friends and colleagues lorded over the meet to prove his sway in the north coastal Andhra region, felt observers.Some residents remarked that Visakha Utsav would have done a world of good by lifting the spirits of people affected by Nilam cyclone. Also, some of those present at the meet were surprised by the fact that not much of the party cadre was seen at the event.However, a senior Congress leader present at the meet opined, \"It is not as if the cadres were not present. Many of them were there on the occasion. Moreover, it was the party cadre that made the meet a booming success, sending the message that the party, barring a few disgruntled leaders, was clearly behind the chief minister, who had successfully completed a two-year term.\"Many of the people present at the meet were businessmen and in no way connected to the party, observed others. Vasupalli Ganesh, TDP leader, said it was clear that the split within the Congress was wide open. \"Moreover, the fact that a man whose integrity is under the scanner was openly felicitated only goes on to prove the arrogance of some members of the Congress,\" he said.Another Congress leader said that there was nothing wrong in congratulating the CM for his term. All the local Congress leaders, including ministers Pasupuleti Balaraju and Ganta Srinivasa Rao praised the CM for steering the party through a difficult phase. \"It was only incidental that the meet was conducted near the Kurupam property. Moreover, we wish to make it clear that there are no battle lines drawn within the Congress, which stands united as ever,\" Ganta said. He added, \"The meet was not held to hurt somebody. All of us have utmost respect for Union minister Kishore Chandra Deo.\" It may be recalled that Kishore's name figured in the Kurupam land dispute recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365763", "title": "Two NCR schools cleanest in country", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi schools have the best record when it comes to cleanliness. Thirty-nine of the 179 schools selected by the Central Board of Secondary Education for the National School Sanitation Award 2012 are in the national capital region (NCR).According to CBSE sources, the top two schools with the cleanest campuses are Salwan Public School of Gurgaon and Kalka Public School in Delhi, each scoring 100%. In all, 887 schools participated in the contest for CBSE's first sanitation awards and the winners will get certificates and a cash award on Wednesday from the HRD minister.The contest was announced in 2012 and was jointly conducted by CBSE, NIESBUD (National Institute for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development) and Deutsche Gesellschaft fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit under the National School Sanitation Initiative of the human resource development ministry.Schools were categorized into five groups -- green, blue, yellow, black and red -- in descending order of cleanliness. The cleanest schools are the green ones, followed by blue and yellow. Of the six green certificates, three went to the schools from Delhi/NCR. Schools placed in the black and red categories need to improve performance. The other schools will be awarded a sanitation certificate and cash.Amity International, Saket, got a green certificate. \"This contest has gone a long way in helping schools provide its students a more sanitary environment. Now that it has been introduced in the form of a competition, even the students have got themselves involved in the drive,\" principal Rekha Ranade said.Schools were first required to register online and rated based on data uploaded by them. \"Our team visited the schools to verify the data and the jury decided the final list,\" said Dr Ramesh Nair, GIZ-CBSE school sanitation consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17366032", "title": "Guru Nanak Jayanti: Sikhs to take out procession today", "text": "HYDERABAD: As part of the ongoing birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Nanak Dev , the first Sikh guru and founder of Sikhism, a procession will be taken out from Gurudwara Guru Singh Sabha in Afzalgunj on Monday at 4 pm. The Gurudwara Prabhandak Committee said over 15,000 devotees are likely to take part in the procession, where 'Guru Granth Saheb', the holy scripture of the Sikhs, would be carried on a decorated vehicle amidst renderings of Shabad Keertans (hymns).tnnThe 'Gatka', the famous Sikh martial art forms involving breathtaking sword exercises, is likely to be a major attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367741", "title": "Has Curiosity found proof of life on Mars?", "text": "MUMBAI: Has Nasa's 900-kg Mars rover, Curiosity attained a major scientific breakthrough?Just on the eve of the first anniversary of the launch of the $2.5 billion Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Curiosity mission which is on November 26, 2012, is the buzz that it could have possibly found evidence that conditions existed in the Red Planet which could have supported microbial life.Right now it seems pure speculation, but the theory is gathering weight following a recent remark made by none other than the mission's principal investigator, John Grotzinger, to the US National Public Radio saying, \"We're getting data from the Sample Analysis At Mars (SAM) instrument and is gonna be one for the history books. It's looking really good,'' he said. SAM is a miniature chemistry laboratory having the capability to analyse the contents of Martian soil and rocks.Grotzinger declined to spell out the specifics saying that there would be no official announcement for several weeks since the data has to be rechecked and revalidated so that there was no slip this time. Indications are that there could be an announcement sometime between December 3 and 7, 2012 during a scientific meeting at San Fransisco .He further added that the announcement regarding the discovery is also being delayed because scientists want to ensure that SAM was not measuring air brought along from Cape Canaveral in Florida during the MSL launch on November 26, 2011.There is also a rule which stipulates that scientists cannot discuss their research until it is a officially published. This time, moreover , the scientific community is exercising considerable caution keeping in view the fiasco and controversy caused by the sensational announcement in August 1996 about finding organic compound in a Martian meteorite , ALH 84001, indicating that there could have been life on Mars. It was for this reason that Nasa is downplaying all talk of a major discovery by Curiosity.After launch on November 26,2011, Curiosity touchdown on the Red Planet's Gale Crater after a nail biting manoeuvre at 11 a m (IST) on August 6,2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365777", "title": "Water cuts today &amp; tomorrow", "text": "Most parts of the city will face 20% water cuts on November 26-27 as the BMC will begin work related to the installation capacitor at Bhandup Complex Pumping Station to improve the power and the work of connecting a water main in Bhandup. The works will begin in a bid to improve the water distribution in the city. On November 26, there will be a 20% water cut in mostly all the wards. On November 27, there may be 20% water cut in mostly all wards, but there will be no water supply for 24 hours in Bhandup, Vikhroli, Ghatkopar and Kanjurmarg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17366097", "title": "Plots at Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat to be re-alloted", "text": "PANAJI: The Infotech corporation of Goa limited will make fresh allotment of plots at the Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat at Dona Paula specifically to IT industries as per the IT policy of the government, Infotech corporation chairman Subhash Phaldesai said.Speaking to TOI, the Sanguem BJP MLA said Infotech corporation has cancelled the plot allotments done earlier and taken back the plots. \"The earlier allotment of plots was not genuine. There were doubts on the integrity of the earlier politicians and that is why there was unrest among people. There was no progress till 2011. When I took over, I proposed to abolish the allotments. A law was enacted and all 18 allotted plots were taken back,\" Phaldesai said.The government had to pay Rs 138 crore to the earlier allottees to get the plots back. The government did this by availing a loan from EDC.Phaldesai said Infotech corporation had received Rs 89.71 crore from the allotments. Along with that, the government had to pay back Rs 49 crore in interest, which adds up to Rs 138 crore. The money which had come in from the earlier allotments was spent on various projects. A sum of Rs 40 crore was spent on creating infrastructure at the IT Habitat at Dona Paula and Rs 14 crore was spent on the proposed IT park at Socorro. \"We don't see any infrastructure either at Dona Paula or Socorro,\" Phaldesai said.A sum of Rs 20-crore was spent on e-governance projects of the government but Infotech corporation will recover the money from the government.Asked if Infotech corporation had any time frame for re-alloting the plots at Dona Paula, Phaldesai said plot allotments will be done within a year unless other hurdles or some legal problems arise. Also, necessary infrastructure at the IT habitat should be ready by then, he said.Phaldesai said the government has a policy to promote only such industries at the IT habitat that will provide 80% jobs to Goan youth. Incentives to industries will be given based on the Goan workforce in these industries, he said.There are a total of 20 plots at the IT habitat, so 20 industries can start operations there in the first phase. Phaldesai said there is an additional 64,000 sq m of land at Dona Paula adjoining the present site where the corporation plans to allot plots with built-up infrastructure specifically to new Goan entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17367901", "title": "Education dept plans creative writing workshop for students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state education department will organise a workshop for creative writing for students from across the state. It plans to include at least five lakh students in the initiative.The workshop will be held at the local body, block, district and state levels. \"The workshop is aimed at honing the skills of students. Though the department had organised a similar initiative earlier, it is for the first time that we are undertaking this huge an effort,\" director of public instructions A Shajahan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367497", "title": "Central Electricity Supply Utility hikes security deposit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After facing two steep hikes in power tariff in quick succession, people in Odisha have to shell out more towards security deposit for electricity now. Government-owned power distributor Central Electricity Supply Utility (CESU) has increased security deposit of domestic consumers proportionate to the increase in the tariff.CESU has started asking consumers to deposit the new amount, equivalent to two months of electricity bills. The company is calculating average monthly bill after dividing the entire year's charges by 12. \"We are asking consumers to deposit the differential amount of security by deducting deposits they had already made from the newly calculated amount,\" CESU chief operating officer Sudarsana Nayak told TOI.CESU sources said domestic consumers have to shell out an average of Rs 500 extra towards security. With 15 lakh customers, the distributor would generate an estimated Rs 75 crore from them.CESU CEO Nayak said revision of the security amount is in accordance with Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC) code, which allows charging of two months of bills in advance as security. Since the power tariff was hiked, revision of security was a routine process, he said.The security increase has drawn sharp reactions from various quarters. \"The revision should have been avoided as the increased power tariff was already putting a huge financial burden on consumers,\" said Rabi Behera, president of state unit of Samajwadi Party. Energy minister Arun Sahu said the Cesu notice to increase the security deposit will be reviewed. \"We will review the matter,\" Sahu said.Power tariff increased by an average of 50 paise per unit from April 1. CESU is collecting arrears from customers after the Orissa high court allowed it to go ahead with the hike, which was challenged in the court earlier this year. Instead of collecting security from domestic users, CESU should collect its dues from private companies and government institutions, which owe it a huge amount, Behera said.Sources said CESU has failed to collect around Rs 200 crore dues from various establishments. All the four power distributors, CESU and private distributors Wesco, Southco and Nesco, have an unrealized bill amount of over Rs 500 crore against various establishments. With CESU's increase of security amount, it is anticipated other distributors will follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17367447", "title": "Lack of mandatory clearance stalls sand import from Pakistan via land route", "text": "AMRITSAR: Five trucks of sand imported for the first time from Pakistan via Attari land route by traders in Punjab, have been held by the customs department for want of clearance from the quarantine department and the ministry of environment.Sand is being imported via the land border due to its acute shortage in Punjab, following a ban on sand mining operations.Additional Commissioner, Customs, Amanjit Singh told TOI on Sunday that local businessmen had imported 5 truckloads of sand from Pakistan, but these would be cleared by Customs only after production of required certification by the quarantine department and clearance of samples by the ministry of environment.He said they would send the samples to the ministry on Monday while the quarantine department would collect these on its own. The samples are collected for checking any possible hazardous deposits in the sand before importing it from other country.The importer also requires a PQ 6 certificate.Some importers from Mumbai have reportedly been getting sand from Pakistan in containers via the sea route. A builder from Jalandhar, Aksahy Sharma, said he was facing acute problems due to non-availability of sand and this had led to two of his projects in Jalandhar being stalled.\"The required quantity of sand is not freely available, and whatever is available, is very expensive and makes the project unviable,\" he said.According to additional commissioner, Customs, the import of cement from Pakistan has increased in the recent past. \"We are getting more than 20 trucks of cement from Pakistan every day and have to make special arrangement for its storage,\" he said. Import of cement from Pakistan by rail was stopped recently after a heroin haul was found in cement bags at Customs rail cargo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371255", "title": "Mayor of London delivers cauldron petals to Indian Olympians", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson personally delivered a memento of London's thrilling Olympic and Paralympic Games to India's six medal winning athletes on Monday.Every nation which competed at the London Games was represented by an individual copper petal on the spectacular Olympic and Paralympic cauldrons, designed by Thomas Heatherwick, which burnt throughout the summer's Games.The petals are now being offered to each country as a legacy of their sporting achievements this summer, and will be delivered round the globe before the end of the year.The Mayor today met Pradeep Kumar Deb, Secretary, Department of Sports of Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Vijay Kumar Malhotra , acting president of the Indian Olympic Association, and India's bronze medallist boxer MC Mary Kom and silver medal winning pistol shooter, Vijay Kumar, to present the set of petals to India, at a ceremony hosted by the British High Commission.On the occasion, Mary Kom said she hoped that India will do better in the next Olympics in Rio in 2016.\"I am very happy we are getting the Olympic petal next to Brazil. I hope Indian team will do better in the next Olympic,\" Mary Kom told PTI.In total 204 Olympic petals and 164 Paralympic petals will be offered to competing nations.India's was the third set of petals to be presented, with the first handed over by London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games chairman, Sebastian Coe to the British Olympic Association.\"I want to congratulate all the incredible Indian athletes we have here today. India did better than it's ever done before in the Olympics. Well done! Fantastic achievement,\" said Johnson at the unveiling ceremony of the petal.\"The reason we wanted to give these petals to the Indian Olympic community is to inspire you to be the great Olympic champions in the future, to inspire you to 'Go for Gold' in 2016,\" he added.The acting president of IOA, VK Malhotra praised London for the hospitality during the Olympic Games.\"London Olympics have been remarkable for many points as far as India is concerned. It was a great success. Everything went very smoothly. It was a flawless performance. Hospitality was superb. When we went there we had some sort of apprehension that there will be some chaotic conditions there as far as transport is concerned, but it was very smooth there,\" said Malhotra.\"After the London Olympics, sports got a great boost in India. We hope in the next Olympics, we will be winning more medals. All those who have come here today brought glory to India and made India proud, and the Commonwealth Games was also a great success. I thank very much for the honour they have given to India.\"I'd like to present Mayor of London with a silver lotus petal with lord ganesha and I think he'll accept it with great honour, and to the High Commissioner a silver plate and a tie from Indian Olympic Association,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17368199", "title": "President visit: PAU on its toes", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) is being given the necessary facelift ahead of President's visit to the campus on Tuesday. President Pranab Mukherjee is scheduled to inaugurate the international conference on sustainable agriculture for food and livelihood security, as part of PAU's golden jubilee celebrations.The university authorities are making all efforts to make President's visit a memorable one. Roads which were constructed around seven-eight years ago are being refurbished and building of the Pal Auditorium, where President Pranab shall grace the conference, is being painted. Even walkways along the roadsides are being repaired.Discussing the development, PAU vice-chancellor Dr Baldev Singh Dhillon said: \"It would be a very proud occasion for us to see the President of India as our guest. He will guide us and oversee our work and offer suggestions.Additional director (communication) at PAU, H S Sehgal, said: \"The technical session shall start at 9.30am. The President will inaugurate the conference around 12.30pm. He is also expected to speak on the occasion and would later have lunch at PAU.\"Asked if PAU plans to make Punjabi dishes for the President, Sehgal said, \"We will prepare whatever is suggested by the household department of the President's office.\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366825", "title": "Pre-licence two-wheeler training for girls", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will conduct free three-day training programme for girls between the age group of 16 to 25 years who wish to apply for two-wheeler driving licences. The civic body has tied up with four training institutes to carry out the project.\"If a girl wants to apply for the driving licence she can look at this training as an opportunity to get all information about the traffic rules. This training is a 'pre-licence awareness programme.' The four training institutes will work as a partner of the civic administration to provide the training for the girls,\" said H S Nazirkar, head of the urban community development department, PMC, while speaking with TOI.Nazirkar said girls between the age group of 16 to 25 can attend the free training capsules at training schools in their areas. There are training schools at Ghorpade Peth, Pul gate, M G Road and Mundhawa. More schools will be included in the programme in the next phase.\"PMC has planned to advertise the programme. Once the advertisement in published, girls can simply take the newspaper cutting of the advertisement and approach the institute. The institute will enroll those students and form a training batch which will undergo the training on traffic rules. We are expecting to publish the ad in a fortnight's time,\" Nazirkar said.The training capsule will have information about traffic signs, and Motor Vehicle Act. All the information that is required to attend and clear the driving licence test will be provided in the training.The training programme will last three days.\"Participants will also be made aware of the punishments for breaking the traffic rules. They will be told about the do's and don'ts while riding a two-wheeler,\" he said.Officials associated with the project said, \"The intention of the programme is to create awareness among youngsters and get them to follow the rules. The civic administration has started the project for girls between 16 and 25 years of age. The expansion of the project will be done in the due course of time. Similar programmes for boys and people of older age groups will be added in the project.\"The officials also said that institutes may conduct a mock exam for the participants. This exam can act like a confidence booster for the students before they attend the actual exam for the driving licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17366431", "title": "ICAI chief in the dock for Rs 100cr land deal", "text": "CHENNAI: A land deal worth Rs 100 crore involving the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) has landed its president Jayadeep Narendra Shah in a spot. Shah,a native of Nagpur, signed a deal for purchasing a 9 acre plot in that city for setting up a study centre of the institute. It is alleged that the deal was finalized keeping ICAI's central council members in the dark.The land,said to be valued at Rs 80 crore, has been registered after paying a nominal advance to the owner. In all, the institute has spent Rs 10 crore so far, including the registration fee and stamp duty.The members allege the land is heavily overpriced and people involved have taken huge cuts. ICAI's central council, in its meeting on October 15, set up a committee to investigate the deal. The price paid for the land is several times higher than the prevailing market rate. Out of the Rs 100 crore, nearly 80% is for the land and the rest for the building. As the registration has already been done, even if the central council refuses to ratify the deal, Rs 10 crore cannot be recovered, said a member on condition of anonymity.The land deal was finalized and registered between July 13 and August 3 and it was only after members from Nagpur informed the institute about the land deal did the central council members come to know of it, he said. Though Shah confirmed the deal, he denied the allegations. Speaking to TOI, Shah said, \"A committee has been appointed to probe all land deals from 2004 onwards. The truth will come when the report is submitted. I was not in the country. I wish to comment only after the committee has submitted its report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "17367343", "title": "Native martyr of Catholic church to be beatified by Vatican", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Kottar diocese of the Roman Catholic Church is gearing up for one of the most significant events of its history on December 2 when Devasahayam Pillai from the diocese will be pronounced 'Blessed' by the Vatican headquarters. The event is expected to draw nearly one lakh laity from across the state in addition to 40 bishops of the church, priests and religious people all over. Pillai is celebrated as the martyr of the diocese who is believed to have been killed for professing Catholic faith in the 18th century.Cardinal Angelo Amato, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints under whom the appeal for beatification of Devasahayam was scrutinised will be the main celebrant of the grand holy mass on December 2, said A Gabriel, the priest of the diocese, who had been heading the local committee working for the beatification process in Kottar diocese. Cardinal Amato in his earlier communication stated that Pillai will be the first Indian martyr for faith who will be given the title of 'Blessed'. Pillai stuck to his faith till his death and he is an example for the Catholic Church in India, the cardinal had stated.Along with Angelo Amato, Cardinals in India Oswald Gracias and Telespore Toppo will attend the beatification ceremony.Gabriel said that efforts for the beatification of Pillai started as soon he was martyred and the then bishop of Cochin (Kochi), Clement Joseph submitted a report to the Vatican in 1756. Later, the laity of the diocese started taking efforts in a full-fledged manner and formed a local committee called Catholic Club at Nagercoil in 1984 and the continuous efforts of the diocese and the laity have yielded the results.\"It is a great honour that Devasahayam Pillai is to be beatified and we are eagerly preparing for the event,\" Gabriel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "17368220", "title": "JMI, DU students stage play to bust myths regarding epilepsy", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Students of Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI) and Delhi University (DU) staged a street play on epilepsy and the myths associated with it at various busy markets of the city, including the Sarabha Nagar main market. The street play which was organized by the department of neurology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) was staged on Saturday and Sunday.Said Dr Gagandeep Singh, head of the department of neurology at DMCH, \"The students of TV journalism from JMI and DU staged the street play highlighting various myths associated with the disease and also to put across the point that epilepsy is treatable. Street plays are an important mode of mass media for highlighting and creating awareness about important issues including diseases like epilepsy.\"\"These students staged the street play at the Sarabha Nagar main market, besides Model Town market on Saturday. They also staged it at Dugri market,\" informed Dr Singh. He added, \"There are various myths associated with the disease, like epilepsy is caused if one is possessed by an evil spirit and so sorcery is the treatment, that it is contagious, so one should stay away from a person suffering from it. There are other falsehoods regarding epilepsy that people suffering from it should not marry as the disorder is hereditary, that women with epilepsy cannot bear normal children and that this disease kills. These are all myths which were highlighted by students, who shed light on it from a scientific point of view.\"Said Muhammad Rahim, a first year student of TV journalism at JMI, \"It felt good to perform the street play on epilepsy in Ludhiana. We got a good response from the audience here.\" Another artist, Madhu, who is studying theatre at DU, said, \"Many married women who are epileptic are divorced by their husbands, as many taboos are associated with the disease. There is also a myth that epileptic woman cannot give birth to a child, which again is wrong\".Manjeet Singh of Sarabha Nagar, who saw the play said, \"I came to know about many facts about the disease after seeing the street play. The students should do such street plays in rural areas too, where people believe more in such myths.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365759", "title": "Samaipur suicide bid: Girl dies in hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 13-year-old who attempted suicide on Wednesday over allegedly being harassed by her teacher succumbed to her injuries in a city hospital on Sunday morning after battling for four days.However, the exact reason why the Class VIII girl from Samaipur Badli took the extreme step remains a mystery with police registering no FIR as the allegations could not be corroborated. The parents on Sunday said that now that their daughter was not alive, they did not want to pursue the case. A close friend of the girl earlier issued a statement to police alleging she was harassed, beaten and even stripped by her physical education teacher in the premises of a local government school. The family, too, had informed police about her being beaten up in school.Police said they could not find proof of the girl being stripped or thrashed. \"We will take action if we find conclusive evidence,\" a senior police officer said. The victim's friend had told police she had met her upon her return from school and that she had narrated the incident to her before attempting suicide 15-20 minutes later. The girl confirmed that a sub-inspector, Rajesh, had come to record her statement.She also said the deceased was accompanied by two of her friends who left after requesting her to take care of her as \"she had been beaten up by her physical education teacher\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371672", "title": "'Mumbaistan will definitely be made into a film'", "text": "... says filmmaker Piyush Jha, who authored the bookCould you tell us about your book, Mumbaistan? Mumbaistan is an entertaining crime-thriller novel written absolutely within the genre defines of crime-fiction complete with hard-boiled heroes and femme fatales desperately trying to find justice within a crumbling, morally ambiguous city.This is your first novel, what is the inspiration behind this book? I grew up in Mumbai, and I love the city. I have watched as the city has grown, and turned into a creature that I cannot recognise. As I saw things around me deteriorating, I felt like doing something. And so, I wrote this book which is my ode to Mumbai. I wanted readers from across India to have a taste of Mumbai the way I look at it.Why did you choose crime-thriller genre for your debut novel? I love crime-fiction genre. Authors like Jeffery Archer, Agatha Christie were my favourites. So, when I decide to step into this field it was a natural gravitation towards the genre that I love. You can say that my love for Mumbai and my love for crime-fiction got married and gave birth to Mumbaistan!What was the most difficult part when writing this book? The most difficult part for me is to get up and get to the writing table. My mind is always telling me that I have other better things to do. But, when I get going, its smooth sailing at most times. While writing this book I had a great time. The most difficult part was when I finished it. I wanted to continue, but knew that I had to end it.How did the shift happen -- from direction to writing? In between scripts, I started penning down some thoughts. These thoughts became short stories, which grew to become Novellas, and by that time I was having so much fun that I decided to write more. Before I knew it, I had three novellas and I put them together to form Mumbaistan.Several authors chose to make movies based on their novel - do you have any such plans? Absolutely. Talks for turning Mumbaistan into a film are already on. In fact, each of the novellas might soon be adapted into a film.What are your future projects? Mumbaistan - The film, and two more crime-thriller novels that will come out next year. And recently, I've also been asked by my publishers to work on Mumbaistan-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400229", "title": "Man detained in Shahgunj ATM case turns out to be a victim", "text": "AURANGABAD: A state transport (ST) employee detained in the Shahgunj ATM cheating case as a suspect turned out to be a victim of the same modus operandi.ST driver Gopal Srirang Kadam, a resident of Ambejogai, is now the second victim in the case after a complaint was registered by 55-year-old Srikant Nevlikar on November 1 that a youth fraudulently used his ATM card to withdraw Rs 4,500.City Chowk police head constable Nandkumar Bhandare said, \"After receiving a complaint from Nevlikar, we saw the CCTV footage of the ATM centre. It showed that after using Nevlikar's card, the suspect removed an ATM card from his pocket, checked the balance and went away.\" Details of transactions revealed the card was registered in the name of Gopal Kadam.\"Kadam told the police that on March 22 an unidentified man had fraudulently exchanged his card with the card of one Anil Kale. The trickster then withdrew Rs 5,500 from Kadam's account in Latur the same day. Since then the suspect has been checking Kadam's account for balance at various ATMs although Kadam has stopped using the account.During the identification parade, Nevlikar said that Kadam is not the man who cheated him at the Shahgunj ATM. However, both identified the man who had duped them when they were shown the CCTV footage. The police said that the suspect had cheated one more person in Kalam village of Beed district on November 7 using the same method. He too was relieved of Rs 4,500.The police have issued a warrant to arrest the suspect who seems to be active throughout the Marathwada region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366314", "title": "Catholics take out Eucharist procession", "text": "PATNA: About 3,000 Catholics of the city on Sunday took part in the annual Eucharist procession on Sunday chanting \"Teri aaradhana karu, teri upasana karu, paap kshama kar jeevan de de, daya ki yaachana karu...\" to reaffirm their faith in Christ the King. With the Church declaring 2013 as the \"Year of Faith\", the theme of the prayer service was \"to make a human society based on firm faith in God.\"The procession commenced at Kurji Holy Family Hospital with special prayers, intentions and devotional hymns and people recited prayers seeking God's blessings as it first moved to St Michael's High School, Digha and then concluded with a Holy Mass at the Queen of the Apostles Church, Kurji.Along with the devotees, the Holy \"Sacrament\" (believed to have the presence of Jesus Christ in form of bread and wine in a monstrance) was also carried under a decorated canopy by priests and little girls clad in angelic white even as wreath-veils leading the way ahead of the Sacrament, showered flowers.Prayers were offered for peace and harmony in the world, for religious and political leaders of the nation, the deprived and sick persons, elderly and lonely people and the welfare of children who are the future of the nation. Passages from the Holy Bible were read and Fr John Ravi, SJ, through his homily preached the importance of faith in one's lives.\"Faith cannot be bought, it has to be developed by oneself\", he said.He also cited several examples from the scriptures of Mother Mary (the mother of Jesus) and Jesus' disciples who lived their lives in faith. \"They never questioned the will of God and had absolute faith in God. They set an example through their lives\", Fr Ravi added.Asking the devotees to introspect about God's presence in their daily lives, Fr Ravi said: \"God blesses us through His preaching in the scriptures but do we feel the presence of God in our daily prayers?\"Christians from different parts of Patna gave witness to their faith through their participation in the procession the route of which was decorated with gates that had posters containing verses from the Holy Bible put up by the Catholic schools and institutions of the city.Special altars had also been installed en route by the devotees. \"The procession is taken out every year coinciding with the feast of Christ the King that falls on the Sunday before the beginning of Advent season (the Sunday that marks the beginning of Christmas)\", informed Fr Gregory Gomes, head priest, Kurji church. The programme was organized by pastors of the Kurji church Fr Johnson, Fr Scaria, Fr John Ravi, members of the Kurji Parish Council (representatives of the people of a particular Church) and local volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367796", "title": "Vessel Pratibha unsafe, want to leave: Captain", "text": "CHENNAI: The new set of crew members manning M T Pratibha Cauvery, now berthed at the Chennai port, too want to be relieved from the trouble-torn vessel immediately. Citing unsafe work conditions and lack of provisions on board, the ship's captain has shot off a letter to the director-general of shipping and other authorities for necessary action.The vessel, beached by Cyclone Nilam, was pulled back into the sea after a 10-day salvage operation on November 11. It was kept in the outer anchorage for a week until it was given a conditional berth at Chennai port last Tuesday. Currently berthed at Jawahar docks, the vessel also got new crew members, who boarded the vessel on November 21. On Sunday, its new captaion Hermann Rath wrote to the DG shipping, Chennai Port Trust authorities, International Transport Workers Federation (ITF) and Seafarers Port Welfare Association, saying the crew members want to sign off immediately from their duties.\"There is no sufficient fuel on board and essential machineries are not operational. No life saving equipment, including life jackets, life boat and life raft are available on board,\" said the letter. It added that no communications equipment are operational and local police personnel deployed at the berth area are treating them like criminals and not allowing any visitors or to step into the jetty.The captain's letter further said that there was only limited food provisions remains on board. He said the owner of the ship was not responding to their need. The number of crew members on board too is not enough for manning the vessel and there are no chief engineers deployed.As of now two parallel investigations are on - one by the DG shipping and another by the state police \u00e2\u20ac\u201d into the reasons that resulted in the death of six sailors. K Sreekumarm, ITF inspector at the Chennai port, said the DG shipping should not have permitted the vessel owner to deploy a new team of crew members as the vessel was declared as unseaworthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369697", "title": "Working with Bala a blessing: Atharva", "text": "Atharva Murali teamed up with Bala for Tamil period-drama 'Paradesi' and says it was a blessing working with the director during the audio launch of 'Paradesi' which is set to release on December 21.\"I feel blessed to have worked with Bala sir so early in my career. All actors who've worked with him to date are one of the finest actors in the industry, and I don't know if I'll be one too, but I'm confident the experience of working with him is said Atharva.Actors like Vikram, Suriya, Arya and Vishal have worked under Bala and the movies have received very good reviews. Not just the male leads but the female leads have also been recognized for their role in Bala's movies. Pooja was appreciated for her performance in ' Naan Kadavul ' with Arya playing the male lead role.The film, which also stars Vedhika Kumar and Dhansika, is set in pre-Independence India and it shows affliction of plantation workers in southern India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366923", "title": "Braveheart duo sets sights on Mt Makalu", "text": "KOLKATA: When Dipankar Ghosh, a small-time trader from Belanagar in Howrah, set off from Kolkata with friend Rajiv Bhattacharjee in 2011 to try and scale Mt Everest, few believed that they would succeed. It was true grit and determination that led them to the top of the world. A year later, the duo summitted Mt Lhotse, world's fourth highest peak.Ghosh is now planning an expedition to Mt Makalu on the Nepal-China border. At 8,462 metres (27,977ft), it is the fifth highest peak in the world, but mountaineers say that it poses more challenges than Mt Everest. No wonder few have reached its top till now.Mt Makalu was first climbed by the French in 1955. In 1954, a team from New Zealand comprising Sir Edmund Hillary made an unsuccessful attempt for the peak.It was only in 2009 that the Indians succeeded in scaling the peak for the first time. This expedition was from the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI) and led by principal Col Neeraj Rana. The five-member HMI team was beaten back several times till it finally managed to reach the summit. This took a nine-hour trek through steep inclines and one of the most inhospitable terrains in the world.\"During April-May 2013, I am organising an expedition to Mt Makalu. This expedition is not only a project. It is a dream. A dream that only some have dared to pursue over the decades and even fewer have succeeded in fulfilling. I wish to succeed in my endeavor, thereby not only glorifying the name of the state but also the entire nation. This venture will definitely be a source of inspiration for generations to come and pave the way for similar challenging expeditions in the future,\" Ghosh said.Ghosh and Bhattacharjee are still reeling under the debt they incurred during the 2011 Everest expedition. Unfortunately, the country's corporate sector isn't too keen to help out those with a love for mountains and overcoming challenges. Take the case of Ghosh for instance. His rations while negotiating the steep inclines include muri and chanachur while climbers from other countries chew on ham sticks and other tinned food items.\"We too carry canned food but not to the extent that others do. I have had muri at altitudes of above 24,000 feet. The Sherpas love it as well. It also prevents indigestion which is a problem at those heights. Such an expedition can only be successful with support from all quarters. I appeal to all for their help,\" Ghosh said.The HMI expedition of 2009 cost nearly Rs 1.19 crore. Ghosh has estimated an expenditure of Rs 875,000 for his solo effort. Of this, Rs 540,000 will be required for logistics and another Rs 121,000 for Oxygen. In 2011, young members of mountaineering club had pooled their tiffin money to help out Ghosh and Bhattacharjee. He is awaiting some more helping hands this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17365901", "title": "Now, hearing on ore terminal deferred", "text": "VASCO: The hearing called by the Goa state pollution control board to hear public grievances regarding project development of an iron ore export terminal at the waterfront, west of the breakwater at Mormugao port, was adjourned on Sunday.Locals said the public should have been informed through gram sabhas and municipalities situated within a 10km radius of the meeting place, which was not done.Additional collector (north) N S Navti said \"I will make sure, next time such a hearing is held, all procedures will be followed properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17369465", "title": "Review: Windows Phone 8 operating system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Microsoft announced Windows Phone 8 (WP8), the latest version of its mobile operating system in June. The phones powered by it are now appearing in the Indian market. HTC 8X and HTC 8S are already available, though finding them is not too easy. Nokia and Samsung are gearing up to launch their WP8 devices.But how does the OS compare to Android and iOS, which powers iPhone? Are WP8 smartphones better than Android devices and iPhone?Let's take a look at WP8 features that are likely to matter to consumers and see what has changed compared to the earlier version of the OS.User interface: In terms of user interface, WP8 doesn't change anything. Just like the earlier versions of the software, WP8 looks beautiful with layered users interface, clean lines, and lots of square boxes - Microsoft calls them tiles - that replace program icons. These tiles, unlike icons, are bigger and can display nuggets of information. For example, the Mail tile can show the number of unread mails. The layers in the OS give the user interface a 2D effect. It is a very unique and modern design and works well. We tested WP8 with HTC 8X and found no lag or low frame rates in the user interface.New lockscreen: The original Windows Phone had no notification system. It relied on live tiles to show new information to users. But WP8 has a lockscreen where six apps can show their notifications. However, compared to what competitors have in their mobile software, it is still basic. Apps can also use lockscreen as a canvas where they can show information or change content. For example, Bing app can refresh the lockscreen wallpaper to match it with whatever it is showing on its website.Customizable homescreen: Previous versions of WP had an empty bar on right side of the homescreen. This, we believe, was added for design reasons as it gave the screen some depth and highlighted its 2D effect. But in WP8 it is gone. Now the live tiles can stretch across the screen and show more content. The tiles can also be resized as tiny small or big. This makes the homescreen on WP8 immensely customizable.Rooms: This is a new feature that allows users to club their contacts together. Once a Room has been created with a few contacts, the users part of it can share calendar, chat room, videos and photos etc with ease.Support for better hardware: With Windows Phone, Microsoft decides what sort of hardware its partners can put in the devices. Compared to the previous WP versions, WP8 supports better hardware, including dual-core processors, 720P resolution screen, better cameras and 1GB RAM. It also supports storage expansion through microSD cards, something that was not available to WP users earlier.Kid's Corner: This is one of the signature features of WP8. It allows users to create a separate list of apps that restrict any kid using the phone to that list. This means, when your kid is playing Angry Birds on the phone, he can't go to your Twitter app, even accidentally. For people who don't share their phones with kids, this feature may not matter much. But those who do will appreciate the usefulness of it.Integration with Twitter and Facebook: This is something that WP has since very beginning and nothing changes in the latest version of the OS. WP8 can not only show your social buddies as part of your contacts but can also fetch updates from their Facebook or Twitter feeds into the People app. Meanwhile, your mention on these websites appears in Me app. Some people find it pretty useful. However, in our use we found that Me or People apps are not full-fledged social networking apps. Third-part apps are still necessary. But using them leads to the scenario where several apps show same content.Useful maps: For WP map and location services Microsoft earlier relied on Bing maps. But with WP8, it is using data provided by Nokia. This makes the maps and location services in WP8 lot more useful, especially to users in India.Better multitasking: Windows Phone 7 allowed users to switch between apps but as soon as an app went into the background, the app was paused. It was resumed again when a user switched to it. In WP8, Microsoft has fine-tuned the resuming to make it fast, as well as has added support for apps that require active data connection when they are in the background. But the multitasking still feels jarring. Freezing video player or word processor works fine but for apps like Rowi, which is supposed to run all the time to pull tweets whenever they are posted, it doesn't work. Though at the moment, it is also likely that older apps like Rowi are yet to be updated for WP8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17369681", "title": "Pakistani fish seller's 'One Pound Fish Song' a hit on YouTube", "text": "LONDON: A 31-year-old Pakistani fish seller at a London market seems like an unlikely pop star. But the moment he starts to sing his \" One Pound Fish Song\", he is suddenly surrounded by a sea of fans. ( Watch video )The song goes -- \"Come on ladies, come on ladies, have-a, have-a look, one pound fish. Very very good, very very cheap, one pound fish\".The \"One Pound Fish Song\" by Muhammad Shahid Nazir has led him to sign a record deal with Warner Music, The Sun reported.Nazir was spotted after a YouTube video of him singing at the Queen's Market, Upton Park, got more than 3.6 million views.British star Alesha Dixon and US boy band Mindless Behaviour have both recorded versions of the song.Nazir said the attention is not unusual.\"People have come from Australia, the US, Canada and all over Europe. They don't come here to work or shop, they come for One Pound Fish Man,\" he told the daily.Shahid moved to Britain just over a year ago with the hope of making enough money to send to his wife and four children in Pakistan .On his first day at the fish stall, his boss told him to shout to customers to get their attention. He said he did not like shouting, and so made up a song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366252", "title": "Police crackdown on gambling dens", "text": "NASHIK: Amid rising complaints from citizens over flourishing gambling dens in the Nashik Road area of the city, police from the Upnagar and Nashik Road police stations raided nearly 10 to 12 of the places on Sunday. However, no arrests were made.The police from Nashik Road and Upnagar police stations initially struck at a Matka den at Ingle Nagar in Jail Road area but found no one at the place. They however confiscated articles like pens, notebooks, etc used in the Matka trade. A raid at another den in the same area yielded no results, after which the police raided a few places in the Meena Bazar area, Bytco Square, Vasoc Hotel area, Devlali Gaon, Rokdoba Wadi and Jai Bhavani Road.While the den operators reportedly fled the spots before the police could arrive, the Nashik Road and Upanagar police could however confiscate all equipment and stationary from the Matka dens.The raids conducted under the supervision of deputy commissioner of police (DCP) D S Swami were led by senior police inspector of Nashik Road Police Station, M M Bagwan and senior police inspector of Upnagar Police Station, Babasaheb Budhwant. Budhwant said that the main aim behind the surprise raid was to check that matka dens which have shut down have not opened again. He said nearly 12 places were raided in the jurisdiction of the Nashik Road and Upnagar police stations and all the articles including tables, chairs, pens, notebooks, etc were confiscated.The Upnagar PI also informed that the action was continuous. \"If people are accepting Matka bets from their residences and we are informed, we take action by deploying decoy customers. Though there are reports that such bets are also taken on mobile phones, it is difficult to trace such people. If anyone has any knowledge of such secret operations, we can take action on such people also,\" added Budhwant.Meanwhile, the Bhadrakali Police also raided two separate Matka dens and arrested four people. The first raid was conducted at around 11.00 am near Moovers' Supply House in Bhadrakali area. Two people -Devram TatobaMeshram of Jagtap Wadi, Satpur and Raman Tamboli of Patil Nagar, Cidco-were arrested The police recovered Rs 11,400 from the accused.In another raid on a Matka den near Shirsath Hotel, Bagwanpura, the police arrested Anil Parasmal Bharwata of Wadala Naka, Nagsen Nagar and Sattar Kasam Shaikh of Wadala gaon. The police seized Rs 7,500 from them.Until Sunday, the total number of cases filed under the Bombay Gambling Act stood at 119, as against 75 during the same period last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367127", "title": "Bamboo-zled: Stem sells in the northeast", "text": "How about making a style statement with a jacket made of water hyacinth? Or showing off delicate jewellery from the same material? Or warding off the sun with a stylish hat? Why, you could even get bedroom slippers, bags, lamps and mats from the same weed.This is one of the success stories of rural empowerment and recently got the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd (NEDFi) the 'NABARD award for Rural Innovation 2012'.Enterprise and innovation have converted a menace that choked and killed aquatic life, hindered transport and increased mosquitoes into imaginative products.It all started in 2010 when members of NEDFi saw how the plant was converted in Thailand into popular handicraft products. They realized water hyacinths could be a smart alternative to bamboo and cane in the northeast and started giving assistance to artisans in Assam , Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya. NEDFi CMD B Paul Muktieh says from Guwahati, \"While earlier cane and bamboo were abundant and of good quality, now they are expensive. Water hyacinths, on the other hand, are freely available and our artisans already have the required skills.\"Rita Das, a 38-year-old artisan from Dhubri district of Assam, thanks the day she started making water hyacinth products. \"Earlier, I made products from jute, but neither would I get a good price nor was it easy to make with jute threads. Plus, I had to buy the raw material. With water hyacinths, my monthly income has shot up to Rs 25,000-30,000.\" It takes Rita just a day to make a bag (from 1kg) which is sold for around Rs 500. \"I also roped my neighbours into this vocation and was elected ward commissioner by the Dhubri municipality board,\" she says happily.It takes 1kg of hyacinths to generate 100 gms of dry stems, says M K Das, deputy GM, NEDFi. \"These hyacinths take just 18 days to grow back. After this project, we plan to tap banana fibres too.\"This aquatic plant, incidentally, originated from the Amazon Basin and was used as an ornamental plant. Today, mature water hyacinths 15-30 inches long are cut by these artisans and their stems split open and dried for 5-6 days. These are then flattened using rollers and given anti-fungal treatment. These brown and dried stems are strong enough to be made into ropes, fibre boards and braids.But support was essential and the North Eastern Council gave a grant of Rs 1.6 crore to train 1,300 artisans over a three-year period (2010-13), while NEDFi gave Rs 40-50 lakh, says Muktieh. \"We wanted our artisans to be trained in Thailand but initially, their experts were secretive about their craft but helped us after we roped in UNIDO.\" In fact, this craft has been in practice in southeast Asia and the region has garnered a huge chunk of the international handicraft market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366959", "title": "Felicitation takes Chief Justice of India down memory lane", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir is disheartened at the tendency to accuse, abuse and defame people. The capital is among the metros where values are not respected, he felt.Speaking at a felicitation organized for him by the Calcutta Boys' School Old Boys' Association on Sunday afternoon, Justice Kabir mentioned Delhi as a city where things were said \"off the cuff\".It pains him to see the \"viciousness\" that prevails in sections of the society. The tendency to accuse, abuse and defame people was disheartening and the capital was among the metros where values are not respected, according to the Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir. Speaking at a felicitation organized for him by the Calcutta Boys School Old Boys' Association on Sunday afternoon, Justice Kabir mentioned Delhi as a city where things were said \"off the cuff\".\"There is a growing tendency to accuse and defame which is leading to a viciousness that is sad. It is particularly true of Delhi where things are said off the cuff. I know for I have been living in Delhi for the last seven to eight years,\" said Justice Kabir. who became the Chief Justice of India last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "17370642", "title": "Chamber of commerce to organise gems and jewellery event in January, 2013", "text": "SURAT : With the view to promote gems and jewellery in the diamond city, the Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI) has started the preparation for the sixth consecutive 'Sparkle International-2013' in the city.The four days long gems and jewellery event, which will be organised at the Surat International Exhibition and Convention Centre (SIECC) at Sarsana starting from January 4, 2013, is likely to see participation from the leading diamond and jewellery companies from Surat, Mumbai and other parts of the country.Official sources said that about 200 to 235 exhibitors in the categories like loose polished diamonds, diamond and studded jewellery, gold and silver jewellery, coloured gems stone dealers and jewelers from Jaipur and the overseas exhibitors from Thailand, Dubai and Namibia are likely to participate in the four days long event.\"This time around the gems and jewellery event will see the participation of the leading jewellery firms from Thailand, Dubai and Namibia. We intend to create a separate international pavilion where the visitors could have an opportunity to look at the jewellery trends going on in the world\" said Hetal Mehta, chairman of theSGCCI's exhibition committee.According to Mehta, the gems and jewellery event has been supported by the Surat diamond industry. Most of the leading diamond manufacturers in Surat and Mumbai are participating in the event.Sources said that the Sparkle gems and jewellery show has become an attraction after the GEJCP's India International Jewellery Show (IIJS) held every year at Mumbai.\"In all the previous gems and jewellery shows organised by SGCCI, the exhibitors have received overwhelming response from the consumers in the diamond city and surrounding cities. We are hoping the event will receive same response this year as well\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366132", "title": "Website of Mira Road civic body hacked", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) website was allegedly hacked allegedly by a group from Bangladesh on Friday. The site was put back in place by Saturday evening.The hacking was discovered when civic employees got on to the site for work. The site's main page bore a black background with the words \"Death Note\" on display, with the sentence 'INDIAN WEBSHIT PWNED LAME SECURITY BREACHED' in bold. The hackers gave their identity as 'Hackers Group of Bangladesh'. Civic officials said that it was not known whether the hackers were locals and had given Bangladesh as their location to mislead.Officials believe that the hacking could have taken place after work hours on Thursday. The website has online payment details on property tax, water applications, birth and death applications and e-tendering details. Civic officials said that key data had not been affected due to the hacking. Residents had been complaining of problems with the site for the last one week. A police complaint is likely to be registered on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367048", "title": "PhD degree for city boy at JNU", "text": "RANCHI: A local boy Kunal Sinha has been conferred the degree of PhD by Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) for his research work on vaccine innovation system in India. A student of Bishop Westcott Boys' School in Ranchi, Sinha was working on vaccine innovation system in India with a special reference to the post biotechnology period (post 1980s)'. tnnSinha did his PhD under the guidance of professor Pranav N Desai and his dissertation was entitled 'Science, Technology and Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome: An Analysis of Vaccine Research in India'.Currently, he is assistant professor at Centre for Studies in Science, Technology and Innovation Policy, School of Social Sciences, Central University of Gujarat, Gandhinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365766", "title": "IB alerts special cell on 'deadly' threat to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence Bureau has alerted the special cell of Delhi Police about at least three suspected terrorists having entered the capital to carry out blasts. The confidential note from IB describes them as \"deadly\" and the biggest threat to Delhi at present.The note identifies the terrorists as Rafluddin alias Faisal, Shafiuddin alias Mashasl and Raju alias Aftab, who were associated with the banned outfit SIMI, said sources. The terrorists, who are probably from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh, are said to be hiding in an unconventional part of the capital, they added.The mention of Raju has put the special cell on its toes. A man named Raju, better known in intercepts as Raju Bhai, had figured in the cell's investigations into the Pune serial blast carried out by Indian Mujahideen (IM). He had allegedly assisted Asad and Imran, arrested from Pul Prahladpur, southeast Delhi, in getting a flat at a monthly rent of Rs 6,000. Cops raided several suspected hideouts in Uttar Pradesh but Raju could not be found.The special cell is now trying to find out if these two are the same person. It is also trying to figure out if the group is working for IM or on its own with assistance from Lashkar-e-Taiba. The cell was earlier alerted about a possible attack after Ajmal Kasab's execution in Pune on Wednesday.Cops are now extra alert with the Republic Day celebrations being just two months away. Security has been beefed up at markets such as Sadar Bazar, Chhawri Bazar, Gaffar Market, Lajpat Nagar and Sarojini Nagar. The control centre set up at the police headquarters is also focusing on any suspicious movement in these areas.Following a tip-off from Saudi Arabia on November 1, Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and Delhi Police had said terrorists could attack Delhi Metro. A RAW team had also gone to Riyadh and questioned the caller who apparently described the suspected people and gave more details.IB had issued a similar alert in May about five LeT operatives having sneaked into the country to carry out attacks on several sensitive installations in Maharashtra and Gujarat. However, the suspected people whose photographs were released were later indentified as shopkeepers from Pakistan.The mention of Raju has put the special cell on its toes. A man named Raju, better known as Raju Bhai, had figured in the cell's probe into the Pune serial blast carried out by IM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17367291", "title": "1.5 lakh weddings in 3 days: Manali hotels to woo honeymoon couples", "text": "MANALI: The wedding season may be just the shot in the arm hoteliers reeling under a slowdown need. With more than 1.5 lakh weddings being solemnized in three days, they have every reason to expect a large number of bookings for honeymoon tours next month.Planetary alignment between Saturday and Monday happens to be particularly auspicious for marriages and around 25,000 marriages will be solemnized in Delhi alone. Sources said around 10 lakh couples from Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh, UP, Rajasthan and Gujarat tied the knot in November and most of them are expected to visit Manali for their honeymoon in December. Besides, office goers usually plan their honeymoon during Christmas and New Year holidays.Hoteliers are confident that all 20,018 rooms in 610 registered hotels will be fully occupied for two weeks after December 20. They said nearly 300 couples are visiting Manali everyday and the number is increasing steadily. Even though the number of newlyweds visiting Manali in November is nearly 50% less than the corresponding period last year, thousands of inquiries are pouring in for December.Hoteliers are all set to woo honeymooners with attractive offers and discounts. Besides advertisements, discounts up to 50% and free services are being offered to attract newlyweds. Marketing manager of hotel Chanderlok, Ankush Bhardwaj said inquiries have gone up by 50%. \"We are expecting full occupancy after December 20,\" he said.Ravi Thakur, owner of The Manali Lodge, said almost all queries he has been receiving are for honeymoon tours and most customers are from Delhi. \"Kashmir has come up as a rival destination this time but there have been more marriages than last year. No doubt the honeymoon season will offset losses incurred over three months.\"According to travel agents, snowfall in Manali is luring many couples. \"Honeymooners are asking for status of snowfall in Kashmir, Manali and Shimla. Most of them want to visit hill stations where the possibility of snowfall is the highest,\" travel agent, Vicky Ahuja said.Meanwhile, hotels in Manali are arranging bonfires, couple games and discos to entertain expected guests. Manali police are also preparing to tackle increased traffic flow during Christmas and New Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366996", "title": "Make Netaji files public: Kin", "text": "KOLKATA: Did he die in the air crash? Or was the crash merely a decoy to facilitate an escape to Russia? Was he imprisoned in the erstwhile Soviet Union and die there? Did he go to China? Or did he return to India and live a hermit's life on the outskirts of Delhi and die there? Sixty-seven years after the last confirmed record of Subhas Chandra Bose boarding a plane for Saigon on August 17, 1945, what happened to Netaji thereafter remains an enigma.Now, his nephews, nieces and their children want the questions answered and close the chapter on one of Independent India's most enduring mysteries. They got together on Sunday to demand that secret files with various ministries and intelligence organizations be declassified and made public.\"While every individual who participated in the Independence movement is important, there are two figures who tower above the rest-Netaji and Gandhiji. They worked towards a single goal but their paths were different. We all know what happened to Gandhiji. But the question over Netaji still lingers. There is a need to bring it to a conclusion and that can happen only once the government declassifies all dossiers on Netaji,\" said Netaji's nephew Subrata Bose after all members of the family present at the meeting endorsed the demand.Over the next couple of months leading to Netaji's birthday on January 23, the family plans to request chief minister Mamata Banerjee to move the Centre on the issue. They will also contact various social activists to build up a mass movement and hold a candle march in Kolkata. \"If need be, we can also move Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik and other leaders who want to take up the cause,\" said Netaji's niece Chitra Ghosh. Subhas Bose was born in Cuttack, Odisha.The family first raised the issue of declassification in 1956 when Netaji's elder brother Sarat Chandra Bose moved the Centre with the demand. Thereafter, other members of the family had raised the issue time and again. But with the Centre refusing to oblige, these voices had become muted. Now, a new book on Netaji titled 'India's Biggest Cover-up' that contains many startling revelations, exposing secret documents and photographs and pointing to a cover-up involving top politicians, bureaucrats and the intelligence agencies has re-enthused the family and it now wants to push for the demand.\"The government insists that Netaji died in the plane crash in 1945 and there is nothing else to it. If that is so, what is the problem in making secret files on Netaji public nearly seven decades later and why should it lead to a serious law and order problem in the country, especially West Bengal?\" pointed out D N Bose, Netaji's nephew.Though there is no count on the number of secret documents on Bose that is with various government departments ministry of external affairs (MEA), ministry of home affairs (MHA) and Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), an RTI led to the PMO declaring there it had 33 classified files on Bose, seven of which are top secret and three confidential. The rest are secret. In addition, the IB is believed to have 73 files while the MEA has over 100,000 pages on Netaji.Contrary to popular perception, the Bose mystery did not sprout from Bengal. The nomenclature itself was coined by a British military intelligence officer, and the first person claiming to have seen Netaji after his reported death was an American journalist embedded with the US army. A declassified April 1946 note summarising the findings of the British inquiries into Netaji's reported death seven months earlier concluded that it was \"clear\" that he was \"trying to make a getaway to Russia\"; his men were concealing information and Russian diplomats were speaking about his presence in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17367357", "title": "Punjabi NRIs fight for the unborn girls", "text": "PATIALA: They are NRI wedding planners who while arranging marriages go an extra mile to ensure that no girl child is killed in the womb. Meet four young girls who have waged a war against female feticide in Canada.For the past three years, Sumit Gill, Kiran Rai, Neeli Grewal and Swapanpreet have been driving home their message among Canada's South Asian communities through their group 'Nach Balliye'. They urge newly-married couples to pledge to protect \"the unborn daughters\".Now the four girls - born and brought up in Canada with roots in Punjab - have decided to celebrate \"Lohri Kudiyan di\" in Brampton in Ontario province next month to mobilize public against female foeticide.\"The motive behind organizing Lohri for girls is to promote gender equality,\" said Sumit Gill, founder member of 'Nach Balliye'.The group members are contacting NRI families and have launched a special campaign to get in touch with the students of Canadian universities. They would honour the parents of newly-born girls during the Lohri function.\"We are also dancers and will sing Punjabi songs and perform Giddha during Lohri besides presenting critical analysis on the dwindling number of girls against boys among Canada's South Asian communities,\" said Sumit.There has been a rise in cases of female feticide among these communities, especially the ones settled in Brampton.South Asians are in a majority in Brampton. Dr Harshinder Kaur, a Patiala-based doctor who has been helping the girls in their campaign, said the ratio of girls to boys in Brampton is lower than Punjab. \"The ratio of girls to boys in Brampton is 868:1,000 which is lower than Punjab where the ratio is 874:1,000,\" said Dr Kaur.\"Various studies have proved that female feticide is growing among South Asians in Canada and it's time the government there took measures,\" added Kaur, who will also participate in the special Lohri function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17365465", "title": "Four Britons being trained for jihad in Syria, claims hate preacher Omar Bakri", "text": "LONDON: Four British extremists are being trained to fight a jihad or holy war in Syria and Palestine, according to their trainer, a Syria-born hate preacher who has been banned from Britain.The Britons are being trained at a camp run by 52-year-old Omar Bakri , The Sun reported.Bakri has boasted of his military-style courses for Islamic fanatics on Syria's border with Lebanon.He said one British recruit was a computer programmer in his 20s from London, while another was a Midlands-based IT worker.\"Of the four, two of them have Syrian connections. But they are all born in Britain and have professional backgrounds. After their training they will do their duty of jihad (holy war) in Syria and maybe Palestine,\" he told the daily.Bakri came to Britain in 1986 and stayed till 2005. He had reportedly praised the 9/11 terror attacks.The cleric also claimed to have trained many fighters from other countries, including Germany and France.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366315", "title": "Kejriwal plans nationwide tour", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after launching his Aam Admi Party (AAP), national executive member Arvind Kejriwal attacked the Congress and BJP while speaking to his supporters at Samtha Sthal in New Delhi on Sunday.Just hours before the meet for national executive members, Kejriwal said he will go around every village and town in the country for the next one year trying to convince against votebank policy. Claiming that AAP was different from existing outfits, Kejriwal said, \"There will be no dynasty politics in his party and let the Congress learn from us the real meaning of 'aam admi\".Eyeing the next year's assembly polls and the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, Kejriwal urged the youth to join him full-time to bring about a change in the country's political environment. He said: \"We have set a series of guidelines for the party members. I want only those of you who can work full-time to come to this party and no one should be found indulging in any activities of taking money for votes during elections,\" while declaring that the AAP's website will be launched on Monday.Hitting back at the Congress and BJP, Kejriwal said that he will tour the country in 2013 and \"expose\" the Congress and BJP saying they \"used\" people only to get votes. He said that during his nation-wide tour he will try to seek support of people against the vote bank politics of Congress and BJP.\"There are people who have looted India a lot. Now the youth have decided to come out and drive them out of Parliament. I ask all youth therefore to come to Jantar Mantar today and they will be given the status of founder member of the party,\" said Kejriwal. AAP was scheduled to take out a rally which was later called off as they were denied permission by the police and Kejriwal and his supporters gathered at Rajghat for discussions, but finally the 'jan sabha' was conducted at Samtha Sthal, near Rajghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365680", "title": "He taps technology to help autistic kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Just another work-day at the SAP Labs India campus in Whitefield and the team meetings were just over. Managing director VR Ferose walked up to a hearing-impaired colleague and scribbled on a sheet of paper: 'What more can we do?''Can you give me the minutes of the meeting before hand so that I can follow what everybody is talking about? was the reply.\"That's when I realized we have to change the way we work. There are different people with different needs, even in a small room,\" says Ferose.This sensitivity was triggered by many such interactions. Like when he was invited to speak at a BPO centre exclusively for the differently abled, he was told 50% of the audience was hearing impaired. \"I didn't know how I was going to convey what I wanted to tell them. But I pulled it off. Forget the weakness, focus on the strengths -- that's how I look at things.\"As a first step, SAP hired five differently abled persons in Bangalore. \"We hired them not because they were differently abled but because they added business value. They're not looking for sympathy; they need inclusion, acceptance.\"Integrating passion with work is one of his biggest achievements. SAP has partnered with Autism Society of India and Spastics Society of India for Education. Project Prayas, a SAP Labs India initiative, focuses on education, employability and engagement of autistic individuals.\"Our volunteers provide reinforced learning through technology by training educators and parents. The focus is on cognition, communication and fun through the use of iPads. Parents, educators and children participate in workshops divided into modules with targeted apps,\" he says.He believes technology can put differently abled children on a par with others. A lab launched last year conducts courses on reinforced learning for children between 8 and 15 years.Ferose is spearheading the Social Inclusion Summit in Bangalore on December 3 when a music school exclusively for special children will be launched. \"We realized music is great therapy and the school will adopt scientific methods to teach them,'' he says.His team is also developing culture-friendly apps and software for the differently abled. 'Bol' will be available free in app stores by this month-end and SAP volunteers are creating an open source content platform which could be the largest free repository of learning material for autistics worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370607", "title": "What made Kritika Kamra go crazy in Hong Kong?", "text": "Actress KritikaKamra who is popularly known as Dr. Niddhi in Kuch Toh Log Kahenge, recently had a gala time shopping for shoes in Hong Kong. The actress had been invited to visit the country and loved her holiday experience of sightseeing in Hong Kong.Of course, the actress went sightseeing. \"The day would start early,\" she recalls. \"The place has so much to see. \"We first went to the Peak that offered the beat view of the skyscrapers and the vast skyline. I love taking pictures and I had a great time doing that at the Tsim Sha Tsui Promenade, which is near the harbour and has a lovely view. Then we went to the Avenue of Stars as well.\"But while she enjoyed the city's attractions, Kritika also loved shopping there. She made a trip to the various shops and to the Ladies' Market on Tung Choi Street, which has stalls of clothes, knick-knacks and other bargains. And something made her go quite crazy too.She reveals, \"I found such lovely shoes there. I started by trying on a few and must have bought half a dozen pair of shoes. I would have loved to buy more, unfortunately my luggage was full and so I could only carry so many. I bought handbags too,\" she laughs.\" Looks like she's quite a shopaholic!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17365926", "title": "Girl killed in road mishap in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A 4-year-old girl died in a road accident in Sector 46 on late on Saturday night. An FIR been lodged against unknown vehicle driver, who fled from the spot.The victim had gone to attend a marriage where mishap took place. The locals rushed her to Civil hospital, but she died on way. A case has been registered on the statement of victim's father Sanjay.\"We have registered an FIR and searching for the driver. We will arrest the accused as soon as possible,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366254", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation refuses to dobarricading at ghats", "text": "PATNA: With a view to ensure that devotees have a safe dip in the Ganga in the city on the occasion of Kartik Purnima on Wednesday, the Patna district administration has asked the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to do barricading at the major river ghats. However, the PMC officials have refused to do so as they have never done such barricading on the ghats.As thousands take holy dip in the Ganga at the major ghats like Collectorate Ghat, Gai Ghat, Gandhi Ghat, Pahelwan Ghat and a few other ghats in Patna on the occasion, the district administration wants to avoid any incident like the Chhath stampede.A senior PMC official said, \"We have received a letter from the district administration regarding the barricading. But PMC has never done such barricading. The district administration can itself float tenders for the purpose.\"To prevent any untoward incident during Kartik Purnima, PMC officials have decided to remove the existing makeshift bamboo bridge at the Mahendru Ghat. So, devotees would not be able to take dip in the Ganga at this ghat. However, the pontoon bridge at Adalat Ghat would be operational. A heavy rush of devotees is likely at the ghats from Tuesday evening. After taking bath, devotees perform different traditional rituals on the bank of Ganga.Plying of private boats in the Ganga has been banned on the occasion of Kartik Purnima. According to an order issued by DM Sanjay Kumar Singh, there will be no plying of private boats in the river under the jurisdiction of Patna Sadar, Danapur and Patna City subdivision between 4am and 8pm on November 28. The ban has been issued following apprehensions that plying of private boats may be done in a haphazard manner. The order noted that incidents of drowning had been reported in the past.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"PMC will ensure cleanliness at the ghats and sprinkling of insecticides in the area. Additional sanitation workers will be deployed at the ghats so that cleanliness is ensured and movement of stray animals restricted.\" Police administration would set up temporary camps in the area, like in the previous years, and adequate police force would be deployed at different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367513", "title": "Man dies while saving brother", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A man died after he suffered burns while trying to stop his brother from self-immolation on Sunday. The deceased, Sheikh Saddiq, of Balasore was admitted to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.His elder brother, Sheikh Sabir, is also admitted to the hospital with 90% burns. The tragedy occurred early morning when police reached Sabir's house to arrest the brothers for their alleged involvement in a group clash in Balasore town the previous day.Sabir, allegedly attempted self-immolation apprehending arrest. \"Sabir doused himself in kerosene and held a lighted matchstick in his hand threatening the police. Accidentally, his leg caught fire and engulfed the entire body,\" Balasore Town inspector Tareque Ahmad said.\"His younger brother was also caught in the flames while trying to save him,\" Ahmad said. SP (Balasore) Amrita Das said the police immediately rushed the duo to a nearby hospital. They were later shifted to Cuttack, she added.The family, however, accused the police of falsely implicating the brothers. \"My brothers are innocent. Police slapped criminal cases against them and had been intimidating them,\" said Sheikh Sehzad, eldest brother of the duo.Refuting the allegations, Ahmed said the brothers were booked in two cases. \"The duo had manhandled some fire brigade officers on October 20 ,\" he said. \"On November 4, they assaulted a man,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17366159", "title": "Magadh University move to hike seats by 50% springs surprise", "text": "GAYA: Magadh University's proposal to increase seats by no less than 50% both at the postgraduate and under graduate level has come as a surprise on account of the fact that the university already faces acute shortage of faculty as well as infrastructure and as such increasing seats without creating infrastructure including class rooms, labs and appointing teachers is bound to compromise further with the quality of education in the university.According to sources, the seat hike move was opposed by several senior teachers including at least two deans of the university but the teachers were over ruled by the officiating VC Prof Arun Kumar. The more than 2 lakh students enrolled in 44 constituent and four deficit grant minority colleges and postgraduate departments are already ruing their lot due to infrastructural deficiencies and faculty shortage and one lakh more students will now be joining the ranks of the apparently disgruntled students.Academics now hope that good sense prevails on the members of the Senate and the Syndicate and the proposal is put on hold till the creation of necessary teaching- learning facilities. The proposal to increase the seats was made public by the officiating VC Arun Kumar at the university's Athletic meet on Friday.Senior teachers opposed to any further increase in intake in the colleges and university departments say that simply because more and more students were eager to get enrolled for a university degree, was no ground for increasing the number of seats. Unlike primary education, which is universal in its ambit, higher education was a privilege and not a right and only such degree aspirants must get entries who display a distinct aptitude for scholarship and research.As on date, as against 3080 sanctioned posts in MU, the number of working teachers was only 1998, which means that nearly 1100 posts are already working. A sizeable number of teachers will be retiring by July 2013, when the intake increase proposal is slated to be put into effect. The state government has already banned fresh recruitment till the completion of the rationalization decision, which, till date remains a nonstarter.As per official figures 89 geography teachers are required in the university to cater to the existing requirements and the actual number of geography teachers in the university was 70. Sixteen teachers are required for law teaching, but the number of existing teachers was only six. Four teachers are required for Buddhist Studies, but there is only one teacher in the subject in the university.Attempts to contact officiating VC Prof Arun Kumar proved futile as, the VC was performing puja on Sunday afternoon and in the second attempt nobody picked up the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366597", "title": "Former inmates to document history of poor home", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Memories of the long journey he undertook in 1943 from Thanur to Kozhikode on foot with his mother and four siblings to the Poor Homes Society at West Hill are still fresh in the memory of P K Hamsa Master. They were received by the founder of the poor home, K N Kurup.Hamsa along with his siblings got admission at the poor home, where they got free education, food and accommodation. Now he is 74 years old and a retired school teacher. The life and experience of Hamsa Master and many under privileged kids like him, who were brought up by the Poor Homes Society, will soon be published in the form of a book. It will be brought out by a group of former inmates on the occasion of platinum jubilee of the Poor Homes Society.\"By documenting the childhood days of the rehabilitated students, the former inmates are trying to sketch the history of the home itself,\" said P K Hamsa Master.Besides Hamsa Master, N Kannan and K Thankappan who reached the home respectively in 1943 and 1945 also share their life story and tell about the crucial role played by the home in uplifting them from poverty. \"Many of the inmates, who got the home's support, could achieve better positions in life,\" said Hamsa.M K Karthyayani, P K Sarada and Reeta Mensil, all retired teachers and former inmates, will also write about their life and experiences at the Home.The book will also have the memoirs of K Sivaraman, who spent over 54 years in the home both as inmate and as staff. In his article Sivaraman writes about the day when he and his friends got an opportunity to meet the first Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru , in 1955, during his visit to the home.The commemorative volume edited by Prof R Surendran will have a number of photographs taken during the early days of the home.Rehabilitated students' association of the Poor Homes Society will also honour V Parukkutty Amma, the only surviving founder member of the Home, at a function organized her residence. A family meet of the former members of the home will also be organized as part of the platinum jubilee celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367044", "title": "'New tourism minister will help Jharkhand'", "text": "RANCHI: State tourism minister Bimla Pradhan is pinning hopes on her central counterpart. With many proposals in final stages, Pradhan is expecting a go-ahead from the Union minister before they can see the light of the day. Once cleared, these will put Jharkhand on the tourist map of India.Pradhan said when former minister Subodh Kant Sahay held the post, the state couldn't get much help although he was from the same state. But the change of guard has ushered in a renewed zest among the people of Ranchi. \"We hope that things will be beneficial for the state in the coming times as well,\" she said.The talks with the Union ministry are in the final stages. \"After a couple of more meetings, I hope the final nod will be given. There is a proposal of ropeways at two tourist places in the state. One is in Kanke dam and the other one is in Netharhat, which is a major tourist spot in our state. Apart from these, we have also demanded a queue complex for Basukinath,\" she added.Earlier, they had put forth a proposal for such a queue complex in Deogarh. \"The detailed project report (DPR) for the same is almost through. Seeing the serpentine queues at such pilgrimages, we decided that a queue complex will be helpful in controlling the crowd. We have thought of building a similar queue complex for Baskeynath pilgrimage as well,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366372", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation gives work lesson for PWD", "text": "KOCHI: By constructing the side bays of the North ROB in record time, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is giving the state a lesson in development.The new work culture has been welcomed by citizens used to project delays and incomplete works undertaken by agencies such as the Public Works Department (PWD) and the Road and Bridges Co-operation - Kerala (RBDC-K).According to DMRC principal adviser E Sreedharan , the side bays are ready and can be opened for public once the agency receives approval of the police.The Rs 80-crore reconstruction project has been executed by the DMRC within the stipulated time frame of 14 months. Compare this to other projects completed in the city recently: Edappally RoB, which was sanctioned in 2004, was opened for traffic in February 2012 after a long delay at a cost of Rs 36 crore. Though the Railways completed the portion over the rails five years ago, work on approach roads were delayed.Now, take the case of Pullepady ROB. Though the project was opened for public two years ago, the proposed widening of the approach road has still not been completed. This delay has occurred despite chief minister Oommen Chandy's assurance that the government would provide Rs 25 crore for carrying it out.Experts attribute the success of DMRC to the steady flow of funds and their method of undertaking the work on a deposit scheme basis. \"Since Kochi Metro is one of the prestigious projects undertaken by the state government, it was ensured that funds were provided on demand. DMRC got the support of the revenue department which formed a special wing to speed up land acquisition,\" said a retired PWD official, who has been following Metro's progress.Though, the North ROB project was initially estimated to cost about Rs 40 crore, the construction cost went up to about Rs 80 crore. No objections were raised and DMRC could move ahead with their plans. The district administration had also provided its full support, negotiating with land owners and the trading community. The district collector ensured the cooperation of various government departments to help DMRC compete the work. The state government intervened to tackle objections and apprehensions raised by Kochi corporation and DMRC was able to tide over such difficult situations.Though organisations like PWD and RBDC-K have qualified and experienced staff they do not enjoy this elevated status of DMRC, critics pointed out.The contractors employed by these agencies are often not paid on time. They are bound to follow a rigid system where there is a standard schedule for every item required for construction. The detailed estimates prepared have to be approved by the chief engineer, and all major variations on the estimate should be approved by the chief technical officer. Before giving sanctions, the officer has to also make site inspection. \"The contractors are forced to wait for months to get their bills cleared. Disgruntled contractors abandon work midway and the authorities are forced to retender work. Delay in completing these procedures slows down project implementation,\" said chairman, town planning committee, K J Sohan in defence of PWD.DMRC could bring in contractors who have technical experts, advanced machinery and a competent labour force to do the work. While they adopted modern methods of construction, such practices are not adopted by other agencies. To avoid the regular method of dumping construction materials at the work site, DMRC secured permission to use the 2.8-acre land owned by Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) at Manapattiparambu. The metro authority also stocked construction materials and stationed machinery at this location from where they carried out the casting of girders.High precision machines like concrete cutters and drilling machines were used to demolish the side bays of North ROB. Most of these works, including placing girders on the bridge, were carried out during the night when the movement of the traffic was less. So, normal life in the city was not affected and noise and air pollution kept at a minimum. Though the practice of dumping waste at areas near Vallarpadam triggered controversies, the district collector intervened to settle the issue and provided a facility to dispose debris from the work site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366160", "title": "Watchman murdered by colleague", "text": "MUMBAI: A 57-year-old watchman was brutally murdered with a sickle by his colleague at Chunabhatti on Saturday. The deceased, Shankar Patil, was locking up his residence at VN Purav Marg around 2pm when the accused attacked him. Patil was taken to Sion Hospital where doctors declared him dead. Patil's son, Deepak (30), also a watchman, later registered a police complaint.\"We have arrested the accused, Krishna Mali (34), on murder charges. Mali resides at Khajuri Bhatti, near the deceased's home,\" said an official from the Chunabhatti police station.According to the police, Mali and Patil had an old dispute. On Saturday, the duo had an argument once again. Mali verbally abused Patil and threatened him with dire consequences. While Patil was locking the door to his residence, Mali creeped up behind him and assaulted him with a sickle till the latter collapsed in a pool of blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366685", "title": "Man posing as external examiner held", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi%police on Saturday arrested Vikaskumar Ashok Kabra (41) from Jalgaon for allegedly posing as an external %examiner and later conducting examinations for the posts of lower division %clerk and storekeeper at the government polytechnic college here.Kabra, who runs a typewriting institute in Jalgaon, had submitted a fake letter to the principal of the college, claiming that he had been% appointed as an external examiner. The letter had a signature of a joint commissioner of a committee in Delhi, police said.Police have seized the %letter from Kabra and have also arrested Harish Patil %(36) and Jitendra Mahajan (24), both of Jalgaon, who %allegedly helped Kabra to forge the letter.Kabra acted as an external examiner from November 20 to 24. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by a teacher in the college with the Chatushrungi police station.Sub-inspector S D Ghanwat told TOI that Kabra %conducted examinations %and also checked the candidates' answer sheets. \"However, the principal of the %college became suspicious and approached the police. When we questioned Kabra, he admitted that he had %furnished a fake appointment letter to the principal,\" Ghanwat said.\"We are yet to find out Kabra's motive behind appearing as the external examiner,\" Ghanwat said. He added that Kabra, Patil and Mahajan have been charged under sections 420 (cheating), 468 and 469 (forgery), 471 (using a forged document as genuine) and 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code. The court has sent Kabra to police custody till Monday, Ghanwat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17367950", "title": "Kuchipudi lessons from a maestro", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Aspiring dancers had a memorable experience in learning the nuances of Kuchipudi under the tutelage of Kalaimamani Mahavapeddi Murthy at the ongoing Mudra Festival. More than 50 youngsters from across the state were seen brimming with elation, dutifully following the instructions given at the workshop sessons in Vyloppilli Samskrithi Bhavan on Saturday and Sunday.The teacher corrected the postures of the amateurs, teaching them the importance of 'Namaskara' and the basic steps of Kuchipudi. \"We are here like ambassadors, we help them learn Kuchipudi. I am fascinated to see the interest and enthusiasm shown by the kids. Everybody at the workshop except two girls is new to the art of Kuchipudi. In spite of that they are grasping the basics quickly,\" said Madhavapeddi Murthy.By teaching the fundamentals of authentic Kuchipudi to the participants in the workshop, Moorthy is offering a tribute to his guru Dr Vempatti Chinna Satyam.Ajith Balakrishnan and Sonu Vinod from Kannur were sad to leave the workshop early as they had to attend their university exams on Monday. \"We really do not feel like going back. But we cannot miss the exams. We are indebted to Murthy sir for his patience and valuable lessons,\" said the duo. The contributions of Vempatti Chinna Satyam were elaborated in two sessions at Vyloppilly Samskriti Bhavan on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17370365", "title": "Soon, dial *99# to access your bank account", "text": "MUMBAI: Very soon, bank account holders will be able to access their accounts, transfer funds, check balances and request cheque books by simply punching in *99# from their mobile phones, including the most basic GSM handsets.While some lenders have already rolled out similar services, *99# will be a universal code to access account details across all banks. What sets apart the *99# initiative from other mobile telephony services currently offered is that the *99# connectivity is under the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD) platform where each dial-in results in a live connection with the bank's server.This is similar to the system used in pre-paid phones to check balances. The user's numerical literacy would be enough to operate the account . Since it's not based on SMS or GPRS connectivity, there's no charge on the user.Govt pushes mobile banking to boost reach At the annual bankers' conclave (Bancon) in Pune on Saturday, finance minister P Chidambaram outlined the government's strategy to shift most transactions to the electronic mode. The mainstay of this strategy is to have Aadhaar-enabled bank accounts for all and to transfer government benefits such as pension, scholarships and subsidies directly to individual accounts. The government has set December 2013 as the deadline for banks to ensure that all beneficiaries have Aadhaar numbers linked to their bank accounts and to ensure that those without an account are given one.Another part of the initiative is the electronification of kisan credit cards (KCCs). Although KCCs were launched way back in 1998, they were used more like identity cards until now. On Saturday, Bank of Maharashtra , hosts of Bancon 2012, became the first lender to issue a Rupay KCC\u00e2\u20ac\u201dIndia's answer to Visa and MasterCard. This will provide KCC holders access to 1.04 lakh ATMs and enable merchant payments as well.Besides ensuring speedy transfers and reducing leakages , banks have a collateral benefit of these measures to eliminate cash. \"The total cash in circulation is almost Rs 11 lakh crore; even if Rs 1 lakh crore would come into bank accounts, it would go a long way in augmenting resources of banks,\" said Pratip Chaudhuri, chairman , State Bank of India .The government is pushing mobile banking because it will provide those in remote areas the opportunity to access their Aadhaar accounts even if banks are not around nearby.The *99# service\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe first time banks and telcos have come together at the industry level\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis the brainchild of the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI). According to AP Hota, MD &amp; CEO, NPCI, the new service best suits India as it is simple and secure as no information is stored in the mobile device. \"Ninety percent of phones used in the country are GSM handsets and this service works on all GSM phones, irrespective of make, cost, operating system or even the telecom service provider,\" said Hota. MTNL and BSNL have been the first to get on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367552", "title": "26/11 anniversary: Experts doubt netas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 claim of safe Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior police officers and politicians declared on Sunday that Mumbai is prepared to repel any attack of the magnitude of 26/11 but their words were met with disbelief and scepticism.On the eve of the fourth anniversary of the bloody assault, home minister R R Patil admitted that law-enforcement agencies were unequipped to fend off the 10 Pakistani terrorists who landed in Mumbai by sea on November 26, 2008, and wreaked terror on the city.\"We have learnt our lessons. In the past four years, we have stepped up security not only in Mumbai but also in entire Maharashtra. We now have state-of-the-art weapons and adequate manpower. I am confident that we are prepared to take on terror attacks of any magnitude,\" claimed the home minister.Patil argued that the Democratic Front government had implemented in letter and spirit the recommendations of the Ram Pradhan committee, which was set up in the wake of the 26/11 attack to examine the preparedness of Mumbai police.Anti-terrorism squad chief Rakesh Maria echoed Patil: \"In November 2008, we were taken aback owing to the magnitude of the attack. We were not prepared at all. In the last four years, we have redrafted our strategy. We now have a standard operation procedure in place. Everyone from a constable to the DG today knows his task in the event of an attack.\"Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh too said the force had learnt from the past. \"I do not say that there is no threat. But the force is prepared and confident,\" added Singh.The contentions were, however, decried by a former DGP who asserted that Mumbai police was still grossly unprepared. \"A large number of the Pradhan committee recommendations, particularly on manpower deployment, weapons and coordination, have not been implemented,\" he told TOI on condition of anonymity. \"Even today, police personnel do not have adequate ammunition for training and practice.\" The former DGP's declaration, other ex-policemen said, was borne out by evidence on the ground.The state government's ambitious Rs 800-crore plan to install 6,000 CCTV cameras around Mumbai was still in tendering stage after a sputtering start. The city's coastal security was still wanting: patrol boats and amphibian vehicles were either out of order or without fuel; policemen required to protect the coastline did not even know how to swim.Furthermore, the state's elite Force One, which was created along the lines of the National Security Guard, did not have a home of its own in the city for training.Still, Patil said the only matter of concern was the delay in the installation of the CCTV camera network. \"We were in the final stages of allotting the contract but it had to be cancelled after a member of the chosen consortium was found to have been blacklisted earlier. As a result, we initiated the entire process afresh. I am sure that in the next one year, we will have a CCTV network for the metropolis,\" Patil said.(With inputs from V Narayan)26/11 claims and the realityWhile the ATS chief and home minister claim the city is prepared for another terror attack, the evidence on the ground suggests otherwise. For example, the plan to install CCTV cameras is yet to be implemented, coastal security is in tatters and disaster management is beset by poor cooperation.Intelligence sharing and coordinationAs Ajmal Kasab and his cohorts went on the rampage, several security agencies came together and worked as a team to terminate the carnage . The result was the death of nine terrorists and Kasab's arrest . But that was in 2008. Since then, ignoring national interest, most security agencies have scrapped with each other to bag credit for passing victories against terror groups. The dearth of intelligence-sharing and coordination was evidenced by the escape of terror principal Yasin Bhatkal earlier this year. Although Delhi police's Special Cell was on his tail, it did not inform Maharashtra ATS, which was working on the same case. In the confusion, Bhatkal slipped away. Similarly, reports said, Special Cell did not keep the ATS in the loop when getting 26/11 co-conspirator Abu Jundal extradited from Saudi Arabia . Meanwhile, efforts to bolster intelligence gathering too have only just edged forward. The Maharashtra government set up an intelligence academy to recruit and train specialists. But, of the 200 recruits, 75 soon left for better opportunities in the private sector.Bulletproof jackets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367569", "title": "Nursery admissions", "text": "The nursery admission season is going to begin soon in the Capital, with the guidelines for the preschool admissions for the next academic session to be announced by the second week of December. The admission process will begin from January 1 and application forms will be available in the last week of December.However, schools across the city say that the guidelines would remain practically the same as per the Right to Education (RTE) Act 2009, but the admission process could only start after it's declared by the directorate of education (DOE).As per the recent October ruling of the DOE, the economically weaker sections (EWS) category will now include 'orphans' as well, under the disadvantaged section. In order to avail of the provision, children will have to produce a certificate issued by the department of women and child development.In April, the apex court notified that all schools - private and aided; would have to conduct the preschool admissions based on RTE guidelines. As per the Act, all schools except for unaided minority institutions, will have to reserve 25% seats for students belonging to the EWS category in the neighbourhood . While city schools will need to follow the point system for admissions to the general category , for EWS students, there will be a common form and a lottery system in place. \"We are going to have a meeting with the DOE officials on November 26, regarding the upcoming admission season. Though the guidelines will remain more or less the same as in the last few years, we will be discussing if revision of points is required. All schools are required to reserve 25% seats for the EWS children,\" says Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal of Springdales School, Pusa Road.Meanwhile, parents are gearing up for the nursery grind, including those who could not get their children admitted last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366316", "title": "100 cases of dog bites daily in Patna", "text": "PATNA: With the rising number of stray dogs in the state capital, the chances of getting rabies in both pets and human are on rise. According to data available with various veterinarians and Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), over 100 cases of dog bites takes place in the state capital every day, while the number of rabies cases is not less than 30 per year. Out of these, over 20% cases of rabies were caused by pet dogs. Doctors say this is an indication that stray dogs alone are not responsible for spreading rabies.According to data provided by the state health department, it provided over 21,000 free anti-rabies vaccines (ARVs) to the PMCH and NMCH together last year and over 6,500 vaccines to various other hospitals in the city. But doctors here say that the demand for ARVs in the state capital is far more than the supply. \"We give free post-bite medicines. The number of cases we receive of dog bite is far more than the supply of ARVs here. We are the only hospital providing immunoglobins, which is given for temporary immunity,\" said Dr Rashmi Singh, professor and head, department of communitive medicines, PMCH, that receives not less than 60 cases of dog bites daily.Despite the high number of dog bite cases, Patna Municipal corporation has not taken any action to curb the menace. \"We lack proper mechanism for catching stray dogs or providing them anti-rabies vaccination. Also, we do not have any data regarding the number of stray dogs in the city or those suffering from rabies. We do not have any veterinary doctor, so we cannot provide any vaccination to stray dogs. But in last one year, we floated four tenders inviting NGOs or individuals for catching stray dogs and also vaccinating them. We even offered to pay money for the purpose, but we didn't receive any application,\" said Pankaj Kumar Pal, PMC commissioner.The PMC failed to provide any data regarding the total number of stray or pet dogs. Pal said, \"There is no rule in Bihar for the registration of pet dogs, so it is impossible for us to keep track of even pet dogs in the city.\"However, city residents feel that the number of stray dogs is on the increase. \"Everyday, while going home at least 10-15 stray dogs chase me when I'm riding home,\" says Shrutika Kumar, a resident of Kurji.Dr Sachchidanand Sinha, who looks after around 100 stray dogs in the city, says, one way to prevent rabies is by systematic vaccination of dogs. \"PMC should go area by area, vaccinate and re-vaccinate all the stray dogs in the city in a year and repeat the process. To keep the population of stray dogs under control, at least once in every year I sterilize over 100 stray dogs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17369552", "title": "Transport department ends Air Pollution Month with a cycle rally in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Transport department ended a month long observation of air pollution check and awareness with a cycle rally around central business district on Sunday in city. The cycle rally was supported by TI Cycles India.The transport department, like every year has been rather silently observing this month to spread awareness on reduction of air pollution by using public transport and non-motorable transport like cycles and also checking air pollution levels of private vehicle regularly, but the impact of such ceremonious event is yet to be administered.This year the events started with a walkathon and ended with a cycle rally. The rally started from Kanteerva Stadium and went past MG road and Ulsoor Lake covering about 10 km. Given the rising levels of emissions and alarming rate of pollution, RTO Bangalore and the cycle brand promoted cycling as a great alternative to go green and encourage citizens to take on cycles.Unfortunately, barring a few enthusiasts, cycling has not been taken up a larger section of the society only because of the scary road infrastructure, in which the civic agencies like the BBMP and Directorate of Urban Land Transport have failed to provide the basic needs to establish cycle tracks along some roads and parking facilities too.Even the demo- cycle docking stations started by ATCAG, a NMT company in central business districts around MG road is dusting away and not a single taker appears any day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365535", "title": "BMWs, Mercedes gifted to guests at Rs 50cr wedding", "text": "MUMBAI: The winter wedding season kicked off in Mumbai last week with a glittering, four-day, big fat wedding involving the families of a business tycoon and a realty major.One of the biggest weddings in the city in recent years saw Kunal, son of city realtor and 'mall maharaj' Champalal Vardhan, tying the knot with Ritika, daughter of tycoon Neeraj Rawal.The four-day wedding bash, rumoured to have cost around Rs 50 crore, attracted over 6,000 guests, including an A-list of celebrities ranging from industrialists and builders to film stars and politicians.The celebrations kicked off on November 21 with the 'mehndi' ceremony. The celebrations spilled over to the next day with a bingo night and an array of games, with eye-popping prizes for the winners: Mercedes, BMWs, Audis, paid foreign and domestic holidays, besides other expensive gifts.Friday was the big wedding-eve 'sangeet' ceremony at Grand Hyatt, Santa Cruz. Some of the prominent names spotted were: Ram Jethmalani, his son Mahesh, Sonam Kapoor, Ujjwal Nikam, Arshad Warsi, Rajeev Kapoor, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, Ujwal Kapoor, Randhir Kapoor, Narendra Baldota, Pradeep Rathod, Arvind Poddar, Raj Purohit, Anand Jain, Dilip Piramal, Jaydev Mody, Ankita Sheorey, Amit Bhosale, Pradeep Jain and Gautam Pokarns. AgenciesThe three days of 'starters' culminated in the big wedding on Saturday night with a mega reception at the Mahalaxmi Race Course.Around 3pm Saturday, south Mumbai boomed with fire-crackers as groom Kunal came astride a mare, and then hopped onto his waiting Rolls Royce, in the traditional 'baraat' (wedding procession) with a smartly-turned out brass band.The 'baraatis' included Maharashtra tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal .By early evening, with the winter chill setting the tone for a grand reception, the entire race course grounds resembled a mini-fairyland: Strings of flowers holding tea light candles, crystals dangling from trees and casting rainbow rays. Then, to the accompaniment of live and DJ music, it was time for a huge vegetarian spread with discreet service. The menu was multi-dimensional: Indian, continental, Punjabi, Rajasthani, south Indian , Italian, Chinese, et al. \"In short, from dhokla-patra to noodles-pasta, there was everything to suit the taste buds of the distinguished gathering,\" a family friend said.A few of the instantly recognizable faces included Gurudas Kamat, Vijay Mallya, Sachin Aher, Praful Patel, Anil Kapoor and his daughter Sonam, Deepchand Gardi, Hafeez Contractor, Kirit Somaiya, Sardar Tarasingh and Shaina NC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365679", "title": "School of Open Learning grads won't lose year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has allowed all 122 postgraduate students from the School of Open Learning to take their ongoing first semester exams. This decision came after 14 of the debarred students moved the Delhi high court.\"The university has written to us to allow all students to take the exam,\" SOL executive director HC Pokhriyal said.The students' admissions were cancelled by DU just two days ahead of first semester exams as they could not produce their graduation marks owing to its own delay in declaration of result.The PG semester exam started on Thursday. According to university rules, the students need to produce the results by August 31. The BA and BCom results of SOL students are yet to be declared.\"They were suffering for no fault of theirs and the university acted indifferently. It allowed the students to take the exams only after the high court intervened. Despite reports in the media, it remained a mute spectator,\" a senior faculty member said.However, there is still no confirmation regarding the status of admission of the students and when the rest of the undergraduate results will be out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367564", "title": "Scholarship for teachers", "text": "South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill and the University of Adelaide recently launched the Ashok Khurana Scholarship for outstanding Indian teachers at the Australian High Commission in the Capital.Weatherill emphasised on the existing ties between the two countries in the field of education and stressed on the need to fulfill the potential and develop quality education. The scholarship is named after professor Ashok Khurana , a former University of Adelaide staff member. He established the scholarship so that he could give back to the Indian education system from which he benefitted.As to why school teachers have been chosen to be the beneficiaries , Khurana says that school teachers play an important role in our lives. They shape our thinking and help us to inculcate basic values early in our lives. In modern societies worldwide, school teachers are greatly undervalued.\"We must change our attitude and respect our teachers, give them sufficient pay to attract the best talent. Through this scholarship , school teachers will enhance their skills according to their academic background and go back to the classroom and help students with an enriching learning experience ,\" he further added.The scholarship, valued at AUD$38,500 for a year, will support a practicing school teacher to get his/her Masters degree. The scholarship consists of $25,000 towards the recipient's living expenses, airfare and tuition fees. The recipient will also get a 50% discount on one year's tuition fee.\"To be eligible for the scholarship , school teachers will have to enrol in the one-year Master of Education Programme. The teacher must be a qualified tertiary teacher with a recognised UG degree who has at least five years of teaching experience in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370251", "title": "Bala's 'Paradesi' audio launched", "text": "The audio launch of the much awaited 'Paradesi' starrnig Atharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika directed by Bala was held at the Sathyam cinemas on Sunday. The well attended event saw stars Vikram and Surya come together on stage to receive the audio from ace director Balu Mahendra, Bala's mentor.The film is an adaptation of an English book Red Tea, which has been translated into Tamil. GV Prakash has composed the music for the film and one song, which is already a hit on the internet, Athava Paiya, was played though no song was shown on screen.Only the trailer was shown, which left all in awe and transported the audience back to 1939 where the story is set among a bonded tribe in the state, who work on tea estates.The movie stars Atharva and Dhanshikaa and Vedhika, all of whom were present on the occasion. Also present were Bala's Avan Ivan heroines Janani and Madhu Shalini who came to cheer the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365674", "title": "Ranjit Sinha \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcignored\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 for top CBI post in 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: The committee headed by the central vigilance commissioner, which cleared the name of Bihar cadre IPS officer Ranjit Sinha leading to his appointment as CBI director, had overlooked his candidature two years ago when it did not empanel him though he was senior to two persons among the three names suggested to the government then.The apex vigilance body instead recommended two of his juniors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d A P Singh and S C Sinha\u00e2\u20ac\u201din the panel of three names sent to the government. The third name was that of N R Das who was the senior-most but was pipped at the post by A P Singh who went on to become CBI director. After Ranjit Sinha's appointment, however, the government claimed that it went only by seniority.\"If he (Ranjit Sinha) was senior that time (in 2010), he should have figured in the panel of three names and if the committee did not find him fit to be included in the panel, it should give reasons why they have included him this time,\" said Sudhir Kumar, a former vigilance commissioner who was part of the selection process of the CBI director in 2008.Sources said Sinha, a 1974 batch IPS officer, was earlier rejected by the CVC-headed committee given his controversial tenure as DIG of CBI in Patna. His handling of the fodder scam case had allegedly come in the way of his consideration for the top job.The five-member CVC-headed panel involved in the selection of three names for the CBI director's post comprises two vigilance commissioners, DoPT secretary and the home secretary.When A P Singh was appointed CBI director over N R Das and Ranjit Sinha, who was not even empanelled, the impression given by the government was that it went purely by merit and the officer's experience with the agency was given priority. At that time, Sinha was director general, Railway Protection Force. One of the factors that weighs in favour of a senior officer when he is being considered by the CVC for the post of CBI director is his experience with any anti-corruption organization or a vigilance body in the preceding two years.A P Singh was appointed by the government in 2010 overlooking a senior N R Das (West Bengal 1973) who was also in the panel of three names as Singh had longer experience of working in vigilance and CBI and at the time of appointment he was working as No.2 in CBI.In the present case, the CVC followed seniority criterion while it has always adopted seniority-cum-merit and suitability factor. The committee had recommended three names \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ranjit Sinha (Bihar 1974), S C Sinha (Haryana 1975) and Atul (UP 1976).This was challenged by Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar (UT 1976) who had moved the Central Administrative Tribunal against the recommendation of his junior batch officer Atul. Kumar later retracted his plea after the government named Sinha as CBI chief and said seniority was the only criterion.The CVC and the government had laid emphasis on overall merit and suitability when it appointed Ashwini Kumar as CBI chief in 2008. Kumar was a 1973 batch IPS officer of Himachal Pradesh cadre and was empanelled by CVC overlooking more senior officers - J K Dutt (West Bengal 1971) and M L Kumawat (AP 1972. The two were ignored despite the fact that Dutt and Kumawat had long stints in the CBI and worked in the anti-corruption agency at senior levels. Dutt was later appointed DG of National Security Guard and Kumawat was made DG of Border Security Force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370410", "title": "Government open to debate on FDI in retail: Kamal Nath", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government was open to discussions on foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail, parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath said on Monday ahead of an all-party meeting on the ongoing logjam in parliament.\"Government is open for a discussion on the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail. The primary concern is that the house must be allowed to function,\" Kamal Nath told reporters in the Parliament House complex.He said the government would try to strike an agreement in the all-party meet. However, he remained noncommittal on whether the government would allow a debate under rules that entail voting.Major opposition parties, including the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Left, have been demanding a debate in the Lok Sabha on the issue under rule 184, which entails voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365836", "title": "37 vehicles charred in Aarey, Mulund", "text": "MUMBAI: In two separate instances, 37 vehicles were charred in Aarey and Mulund over the past 48 hours.In the first case early on Sunday, old autorickshaws and motorcycles parked beneath the Goregaon (E) bridge were enveloped in flames. The Aarey police said they received a phone call about the fire around 3.10am. Two fire engines were dispatched by the Dindoshi fire brigade to douse the fire. Nine autorickshaws and three motorcycles were gutted completely. Police officials suspect that the fire spread from a pile of garbage that was burnt nearby .In the second case, an automobile service station at Mulund (W) caught fire on Saturday. The fire broke out at a Maruti service station on PK Road around 3am, police said, adding that 25 cars, parked inside the station for servicing, were gutted. The fire was put out around 5am. No casualties were reported. Officials said a short circuit may be the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17363431", "title": "BJP suspends Jethmalani, may expel him today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to Ram Jethmalani's constant diatribe against party chief Nitin Gadkari , the BJP on Sunday suspended the eminent lawyer from its membership, referring his case to the party's parliamentary board which is empowered to expel the Rajya Sabha MP. His suspension came hours after he openly said that the party did not have the courage to take action against him.The parliamentary board will meet at 4.30 pm on Monday. Announcing the decision, BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said Jethmalani was guilty of indiscipline and was helping Congress with his statements. After demanding Gadkari's resignation over the issue of financial irregularities involving his firm, Jethmalani had on Saturday attacked the party for opposing the appointment of IPS officer Ranjit Sinha as the new CBI director.\"If there is any action taken against me, I will welcome it but I don't think anyone has the guts to take any action against me,\" Jethmalani had said.Party sources said the move to suspend Jethmalani was also meant to send a clear message to others that the leadership was not in a mood to brook any waywardness.Actor-turned MP from Patna Sahib Shatrughan Sinha has joined Jethmalani and Yashwant Sinha in demanding the resignation of Gadkari, saying the issue raised by them should be looked at seriously.Earlier in the day, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley denied that BJP's protest against the CBI director was \"person-specific\". Instead, he said, the BJP had opposed the appointment as it was concerned about the need for institutional reforms in the country.\"If somebody deliberately tries to misunderstand this fact then he is being more than unfair,\" Jaitley said in what appeared to be a riposte to Jethmalani's comments.Jaitley, along with leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Shushma Swaraj, had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying the appointment of new CBI director Ranjit Sinha should not have been done when the Rajya Sabha select committee had recommended that such appointments should be done through a collegium.However, the PM said in his reply, \"Insinuation that the appointment was made to preempt the procedure recommended by the select Committee is wholly unwarranted and devoid of any merit.\"Jaitley further said, \"The experience in relation to the functioning of CBI over the last few years has been extremely disappointing. The fact that the select committee was absolutely unanimous that a collegium of prime minister, leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha and the Chief Justice of India would appoint CBI director, this itself is a very significant institutional reform.\"He added, \"Sushmaji and I had therefore suggested to the prime minister that once this has been unanimously recommended, the government ought to have waited for a few days. Heaven does not fall if the post is vacant for four or five days.\"Speaking on the allegations of corruption against Gadkari, Jaitley said, \"Our party president has already said that the allegations should be probed, the probe is going on and to make any other statement at this stage will not be proper. However, in Congress, those who face allegations of corruption are not ready even to face probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365746", "title": "All-party meet today to break Parliament logjam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anxious to break the logjam in Parliament over FDI in multi-brand retail, the government has called an all-party meeting on Monday as opposition BJP and Left are pushing hard to debate the matter under a rule that entails voting.The meeting, convened by parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath , comes at a time when Parliament has failed to transact any business in the first two days of the winter session.The government hopes to resolve the crisis at the earliest as it needs to move important legislations including food security bill, Lokpal bill, whistleblowers bill and those relating to banking and insurance sectors.The stalemate has continued with the government, confident of having numbers on its side, showing no signs of relenting to opposition's pressure.Government managers are hoping to find a solution at the all-party meet but are opposed to the opposition's demand to discuss FDI issue under rule 184, arguing that the matter falls under executive's domain.The government has indicated that it is ready to discuss the FDI issue in Parliament, but UPA floor managers are working overtime to ensure adequate numbers to ward off any threat in the event of a discussion that entails voting.Though the government will not fall even if it loses a vote on FDI as it is not a financial issue, it would be a big political embarrassment for the Congress.According to Congress insiders, UP outfits Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party have assured the government of their support. Though SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has publicly opposed FDI in retail, his party could abstain from the vote. The BSP may also adopt this tactic to help the government tide over any eventuality.DMK's silence on FDI remains a concern for the government. UPA managers are trying to convince its southern ally, arguing that under the rules, Centre cannot force any state government to implement FDI against their wishes.Congress general secretary and health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad discussed the contentious issue with DMK boss M Karunanidhi, seeking his party's support.The main opposition BJP has been pressing for a vote saying this was necessary because the government had violated its assurance in Parliament that FDI in retail would not be implemented till a consensus was reached among all stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372711", "title": "Jaitra Yatra inspired me: Yogi", "text": "After watching Ram Gopal Varma's Shiva, director Yogi (Yogesh) decided to watch films from the director's perspective. He later watched the Nagarjuna-starrer Jaitra Yatra, which influenced and inspired him to become a director.After discontinuing studies, Yogi managed to get Uppalapati Narayana Rao's (director of Jaitra Yatra) address and joined his direction department. Later, he joined Ram Gopal Varma's team for Anaganaga Oka Roju and worked till Jungle before joining Nivas for Shool and Love Keliye Kuch Bhi Karega.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17367531", "title": "Hindu tazia binds religions", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Like every year, a Hindu family of Modipara in the town took out the 'tazia' procession to mark Muharram on Sunday. The Padhiary family has been doing it for past three generations. But the colour and rituals of Modipara tazia make it different from other tazia processions taken out by the Muslim community. When the top (tomb) of Muslim tazias are painted in white and green, the Hindu tazia has it in red. Coconuts are offered by devotees at the Hindu tazia unlike the Muslim ones.\"After the death of my father I have taken up the responsibility of bringing it out the procession every year. The practice dates back to 1664,\" said the eldest member of the family Lalmohan Padhiary.He said one of his forefathers Jaydev left home in 1655 to avoid marriage. He did not return till 1663. The family members, believing him to be dead, had performed his last rituals. But he appeared one fine morning in 1664 along with two maulanas and wished to take out a tazia procession that year. Initially, he did not get any support from his family because of religious and social restrictions. The people also vehemently objected it but it was the ruler of Sambalpur kingdom who not only supported him but also allotted a piece of land to meet the expenses of tazia procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17366879", "title": "Rebels plan reshuffle to strengthen base", "text": "JHARGRAM: The Maoists seem to have learnt a lesson from their past mistakes. Sources said that Maoists in Bengal are planning to bring major organizational changes. They also claimed that Martyrs' Week had not been preponed to commemorate their politburo member Kishenji's encounter death.\"Like other years, we will observe Martyrs' Week from December 2 to 8,\" said a Maoist source. He said that their party observed Kishenji's death anniversary as a \"black day\". On that day, armed Maoists reportedly secretly met at Loboni, Sakhabhanga, Patharchakli in Binpur-II block on the Jharkhand border at night and led a torch rally.Sources admitted that they had done some major tactical mistakes during the Lalgarh movement. \"Indefinite bandhs, road blockade and killing created a terror among the common people and damaged our acceptance among villagers,\" said a Maoist source. Keeping this in mind, the rebels are now focused to strengthen their political base in the forested terrain of Jangalmahal. In this bid they have planned to replace several leaders in Bengal who have earned notoriety for indiscriminate killing with fresh faces. Sources hinted that Maoist guerrilla leader Madan Mahato and his wife Jaba could be replaced by Syamal, who is currently in charge of the Bengal-Jharkhand border corridors. Mahato is active in Binpur-II block of West Midnapore which shares border with Purulia and Bankura district of Bengal and East Singbhum district of Jharkhand.Like Madan, the rebels are not happy with their state-committee member Bikash who was in charge of Lalgarh zonal committee. His party mate and former Bengal state committee chief Akash is reportedly in a more critical situation. Sources confirmed that his party has already taken disciplinary action against him and dissolved the Bengal state committee. A state organising committee has been formed which is working under Bengal-Jharkhand-Orissa border regional committee (BJOBRC).Analyzing the situation of Bengal, the Maoist party is also not ready to send any Central Committee or politburo member to replace Kishenji. The in charge of BJOBRC is likely to oversee the Bengal chapter. Sources hinted that Kunal, the new BJOBRC chief, has already met most of the Bengal leaders and reportedly made it clear that Jangalmahal will be the main focus point in the coming months.Maoist leaders have been instructed to avoid the plains of Lalgarh, Binpur and Jhargram where ruling party and police have a strong intelligence network. The outfit cadres were reportedly asked to avoid any major military operation in the areas where party cadres take shelter. During Martyrs' Week the Maoists are allegedly planning an assault to pronounce their presence, said a Maoist source, adding that their \"home zone\" will not be disturbed. Posters were found in front of Deer Park at Jhargram -- a area considered as a high security administrative zone of the town. In their posters they threatened ruling TMC leaders to punish them in peoples' court.Taking lessons from past mistakes, Maoists in Bengal are planning to bring major organizational changes. Maoist sources also claimed that they have not prepond Martyrs' Week to commemorate their politburo member Kishenji's encounter death.\"Like other years we will observe Martyrs' Week from December 2 to December 8,\" said a Maoist source. He said that their party has observed Kishenji's death anniversary as a \"black day\".Handwritten posters found in different parts of Jhargram sub-division of West Midnapore district also confirmed that Maoists have not prepond martyrs' week. Posters were found in front of Deer Park at Jhargram -- a area considered as a high security administrative zone of the town. In their posters they threatened ruling TMC leaders to punish them in peoples' court.Maoist sources admitted that they done some major tactical mistakes during Lalgarh movement. The mistakes include indiscriminate killing of common people. \" Indefinite bandhs, road blockade and killing had created a terror among common people what damaged our acceptance among villagers,\" said a Maoist source. So keeping the fact in mind, rebels are now more focused to strengthen their political base in the forested terrain of Jangalmahal. In this bid they have planned to replace several leadership in Bengal who have earned notoriety for indiscriminate killing. These leaders will be replaced by fresh faces.Sources hinted that Maoist guerrilla leader Madan Mahato and his wife Jaba have chances to be replaced by Syamal. Mahato is active at Binpur II block of West Midnapore which shares border with Purulia and Bankura district of Bengal and East Singbhum district of Jharkhand. Syamal is now looking after the Bengal-Jharkhand border corridors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370800", "title": "Psst! What Tabu wore to Life of Pi premiere!", "text": "Actress Tabu who's always well turned out, chose to wear Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla for the premiere of her new movie, Life of Pi.The film was premiered at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa. \"We wanted to create something spectacular for Tabu. Black and silver became the palette. The low-waisted anarkali is something she carries so well. It's got the perfect combination of volume and tailoring that lends regality to the red carpet.\" Sandeep Khosla. The motifs used are Mughal jaali and the materials, dull silver gota and jet sequins. At the inauguration of IFFI as well, Tabu was dressed in a hot pink gota outfit by the designer duo.Say the designers on her, \"Tabu is a beautiful actress. She has great height, wonderful classic face; she's a dream to work with.\"The duo have also recently completed 25 years. How has the journey been so far? And where do they see themselves from here? \"It is overwhelming to look back on our journey. And re-live a million memories; it's has been the trip of our lives,\" they say. \"The stuff of fantasy really. We began with no formal training, no infrastructure and very little money. And were lucky enough to create without compromising our aesthetics.Today we take stock and set the vision for the next ten years; it's about growth. For a creative person, no matter what you achieve it always feels like it's only the beginning of a journey. Constant reinvention is the oxygen one breathes and we look forward to more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370654", "title": "Edhegaarike gets good publicity", "text": "The fantastic reviews in newspapers, television channels and websites coupled with good word of mouth publicity seems to have helped Sumana Kiththoor directed, Adithya starrer 'Edhegaarike' to get a decent crowd from Saturday. Though the first day's collections were a little discouraging for the movie which can be regarded as one of the best films in recent times, the collections in cities like Bengaluru and Mysore showed a little improvement from Saturday and Sunday mainly because of the good opinions from viewers and user reviews in web sites.  Edhegaarike has been getting the best feed back on FB pages also. The FB Pages of Sumana Kiththoor, Adithya and Agni Sridhar have been flooded with lot of appreciation from the people who have watched the film. Besides all these things that have come about because of the active participation of the ardent supporters of good Kannada films, the unit of Edhegaarike is also trying to penetrate deep into the minds of the Kannada audience by participating in many live programmes in the television channels. In comparison, there has been a little participation of the Drama team in channels after the release of the film as its collections have been outstanding for the past three days all over the state.This appreciation in FB pages, websites have already generated a positive platform for the film to expand its reach.Ravindra one of the producers of the film is happy that the media has supported the film entirely and this has reflected in the way the tickets are sold in increasing numbers at ticket counters in many theatres. \"From Saturday I am finding that the collections is showing an increasing trend in many parts of the state. We are leaving no stone unturned to make this film a hit because the response from the viewers has been overwhelming.\"The picture will emerge clearly in a few days and who knows even Edhegaarike may run well in the coming days to recover its cost and even make profits like Aa Dinagalu directed by Chaithanya and written by Agni Sridhar. But as of now it is for sure that the film is attracting good crowd in theatres in Bengaluru, Mysore and other major centres.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17367549", "title": "Haryana IAS officers raise questions over officer's appointment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid questions raised by a section of IAS officers over the allocation of three cadre posts to Haryana civil services (HCS) officer Vivek Atrey, the state government has decided to re-designate the official as deputy secretary. The officer is a joint secretary at present.Vivek Atrey was appointed joint secretary and director, electronics and information technology on Thursday. The catch is that the post of joint secretary is usually held by a senior IAS officer with at least nine years' experience. However, Atrey, who is an HCS officer, will also handle two cadre posts, director of supplies and disposals and managing director, Hartron, a corporation handling IT projects.Chief secretary P K Chaudhery told TOI that transfers and postings are administrative issues. On Atrey's appointment to three cadre posts, including joint secretary of a department, Chaudhery said, \"Some issues have been brought to my notice and I will look into the matter on Monday. If there is need for any correction, we will rectify it.\"Atrey may now be re-designated deputy secretary but as of now, the government seems to be reluctant to change his portfolios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365749", "title": "Bescom's billing gaffesgive consumers a shock", "text": "BANGALORE: M Radhakrishna was shocked to find that the electricity bill he received on October 11 showed an arrears of Rs838, the amount that he had paid towards the previous month's bill.\"The bill I received in October said I had to pay Rs1,600 including an arrears of Rs838. I had received a bill for Rs 838 in September and I had promptly paid it. I plan to visit the Bescom payment office near my house,'' said the 70-year-old pensioner who lives in an apartment in Jakkur block of Kormanagala.He said that reading the electricity bills is an arduous task in itself: \"The heads are printed in blue and but the entries are never aligned with them. Matching the entries with the right heads and understanding how the total is arrived at is a cumbersome job.\"Radhakrishna has not paid the 'new' arrears and is worried.Nasser Ahmed, another Bangalorean, had a different problem. His name appeared as R George but the address and other details were correct in the electricity bill he got on November 17.\"I have no idea how this has happened. I am worried if the money I have paid will be credited towards the bill of the real R George. What if this is repeated next month also,\" said a worried Ahmed, a resident of Williams Town in eastern Bangalore.Radhakrishna and Ahmed's cases are among the increasing instances of billing gaffes that are being reported at Bescom offices.Bescom cosumers allege that billing blunders happened after a two-part machine was used in the billing: one part reads the meter, while the other one prints the bill.P Manivannan, managing director, Bescom, said: \"Such flaws are happening not because of the two-part machine that the meter reader uses. The printer has been taken out of the meter reading machine so that it can be replaced easily with another one when it doesn't work.\"d also upload such information to the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17367832", "title": "Jumbo rejuvenation begins", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thirty six temple elephants from across the state descended on the Bhavani at Nellithurai near famous Vanabadrakaliamman Temple in Mettupalyam on Sunday to attend the annual vacation-cum-rejuvenation camp, which will begin on Monday.Another elephant from Thirunellar Temple in Karaikal under Puducherry state will join the camp on Tuesday as he is under observation for three days due to the administration of the anthrax prevention shot, a mandatory procedure before initiating inter-state travel. Meanwhile, nine other elephants selected for the camp were debarred from attending the camp as they were either suffering from ill-health or undergoing masth (aggressive behavior caused by sexual urges).The Hydrological Observation Station of Central Water Commission at Nellithurai and its premises is being used to conduct the jumbo camp. \"Each elephant will undergo a through medical checkup by expert veterinarians in the initial days based on which treatment will be decided. Some elephants require weight reduction while others need weight enhancement,'' HR and CE Commissioner P Dhanapal, who is camping in Mettupalayam, told TOI.Tusker Goplan from Sucheendram Temple in Kanyakumari and female elephant Sulikampal from Agneewaraswami Thirukovil at Thirupukalur in Nagapattinam are the senior most members, both aged 60 years. The youngest member is nine-year-old Akhila from Arulmigu Jambukeswar Akhilandeswari Thirukovil at Thiruvanakaval in Trichy. While Gopalan and Akhila were at ease with the new surroundings, Sulikampal faced some difficulty in adapting to the new environment.Despite being the oldest, Gopalan looks healthy, having attended three previous camps held in Theppacaud in Nilgiris. \"Besides Tamil, Gopalan responds to commands in Malayalam as he belongs to an area close to Thiruvananthapuram district in Kerala,'' said Joint Commissioner for HR and CE M. Pugazhendiran.While mahouts and kavadis claimed the journey to the camp was smooth, most of the participating elephants seemed out of sorts due to the long travel. Seventeen-year-old Gomathi from Sankaran Kovil had boarded the truck on Saturday after five hours of continued persuasion, say mahouts.In Mettupalayam, Gomathi refused to return to camp from the river where she was taken to quench her thirst. It took the mahout two hours to persuade her to get back to the camp. Most elephants were from Velur, Vizhupuram, Mayiladuthurai, Triuchy, Madurai, Sivaganga and Thirunelveli. Surprisingly, none of the jumbos were from Chennai. Coimbatore is being represented by 19-year-old Kalyanai of Perur Patteeswarar Temple.Andal (24) from Sreerangam temple in Trichy seems to be getting special attention as she is Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's favourite. She has spent considerable time with Andal. Elephants that had met in previous camps showed signs of recognition. Elephants Kumaran and Daivana seemed to display signs of familiarity.The camp will begin on Monday morning with a Ganapathy homam. Apart from HR and CE Minister MSM Anandan, Agriculture Minister D damodaran and Forest Minister D K Pachamal will be present during the inaugural function and the mass feeding event.The HR&CE; had decided to shift the camp to Thekkampatti due to the risk involved in transporting more than 45 temple elephants through the ghat sections to Theppakkad, in addition to the depleting water levels in the River Moyar.Apart from the salubrious climate and adequate fodder in the plains, Thekkampatti offers plenty of water from the upper Bhavani. The Mettuppalyam camp is easily accessible from Coimbatore, Salem, Erode and Sathyamangalam. Better road connectivity is another advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366982", "title": "Flight to the killing fields", "text": "KOLKATA: Several birds, top draws among bird watchers in the winter and protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, are falling prey to commercial fishing activities in a cluster of water bodies in Halishahar in North 24-Parganas.While locals claimed that birds like little cormorants and common kingfishers are found dead in the fishing nets, lesser whistling ducks - trapped in the nets - are disappearing fast for their meat. \"Before the trapped lesser whistling ducks can be rescued, a section of people is killing them for their meat,\" claimed a local.A resident of the area and a wildlife enthusiast, Sumit Chakraborty, said that all the birds are protected under Schedule III and IV of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.\"There are some water bodies along the railway tracks near Halishahar station. There has been a sudden spurt in organized fishing activities in these water bodies in the last two years. Local fishermen cast nets across the water bodies. These birds are getting trapped in the nets lowered into the water,\" said Chakraborty. According to him, the eight to ten water bodies in the area are fast turning out to be killing fields for these birds with more than 15 nets cast across each water body.Not only local migratory and resident birds, these water bodies witness arrival of exotic birds also. According to Arjan Basu Roy of Nature Mates and Nature Club, two Ruddy Shelducks have already been sighted in these water bodies this year.It may be noted that lesser whistling ducks are local migratory birds, which visit the wetlands of South Bengal from the Himalayan foothills between November and March. All three birds are classified under the section 'least concern' on the red list of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).However, the forest department is yet to act. \"I have asked the range officer to study the situation. We have to see whether the area falls under the railways. We can't act unless the range officer submits his reports,\" said DFO of North 24-Parganas forest division Kousik Sarkar.And till then the birds are left at the mercy of the local fishermen. According to Chakraborty, a common kingfisher and a lesser whistling duck were alive and struggling to come out of the nets when he reached one of the water bodies there on Sunday morning. \"Since the water body is quite deep, the kingfisher died in front of our eyes before we could rescue it and the lesser whistling duck was still struggling when we left the spot,\" he added.Echoing the views of the DFO, chief wildlife warden S B Mondal said that if the area falls under the jurisdiction of railways, the state has very little to do.However, wildlife activists feel otherwise. \"It's high time when more NGOs and locals should be roped in to conduct awareness drives,\" said Joydip Kundu, a member of the state wildlife advisory board. Roy said that they have already brought the matter to the notice of the divisional forest officer. \"These may not be deliberate killings. Common kingfisher and little cormorants get trapped in the nets while hunting fish,\" added Roy. Conservationist Sumit Sen said there should be a socio-scientific approach towards the issue. \"The fishermen's idea is to prevent the birds from hunting fishes. Some scientific ways need to be taken while casting the nets,\" he said, adding that instead of nylon nets, which are very thin, white nets can be used so that birds can not alight on those.Meanwhile, a section of locals alleged that some fishermen active here don't have requisite permits. They claimed that some even cast their nets in such a way, so that birds like lesser whistling ducks can be trapped and killed for their meat. However, the fisheries minister Chandranath Sinha is not aware of this. \"I have no idea about the fishing activities in Halishahar. I will definitely look into it, since the killing of these birds are not desired,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17366240", "title": "Rich world cheated poor countries of $30 billion climate funds, report says", "text": "DOHA: A report released on the eve of climate change talks in Doha has suggested that rich countries have largely cheated the developing nations of the $30 billion funds they had committed to transfer to the poor ones between 2010 and 2012.The fund has largely been a green-wash - recycling and renaming existing funding as 'climate funding' and giving loans instead of grants, the report said.The developed world in 2009 had promised to fast-track funding of $30 billion between 2010-2012 and an annual transfer of $100 billion starting 2020. The money was not aid or a loan. It was reparation for having contributed largely to climate change.It was meant to go to the poorest countries to help adapt to the inevitable climate change. The funds were supposed to be new and in addition to the overseas development aid (ODA) money that the rich world already gives. It was supposed to be largely for adaptation and with flexibility for the poor countries to use based on their priorities.Research by Oxfam now suggests the developed countries have deceived the world and largely given loans or recycled existing promises as part of the ODA commitments as contribution to the fast-track funds.Only one-third the total funding provided till date appears to be new money and only 24% of it was in addition to existing aid commitments. Only 43% of this went as grants, the rest were given as loans on which the developed countries will actually earn interest. A mere 21% of this was spent on adaptation to climate change.Oxfam said while releasing the report, \"It reveals that many of the contributions so far are more of a 'false start' than a fast start. Developed countries have yet to make any concrete financial commitments for the period 2013 to 2020. Oxfam's research suggests that levels of public climate finance are set to fall in 2013 compared to the past three years. At the very moment that finance must be scaled up to meet the $100 billion per year Copenhagen promise, rich countries look set to scale down.\"The Doha talks starting on Monday are expected to see developing countries demand more accountability and clarity from the developed world on how they shall upscale their promised funds. The rich world is keen to let private investments largely be the solution but the developing countries want public funds as the central source, helping attract private investments in clean energy and adaptation. But the continued fiscal ill-health of the developed countries has become an excuse used often to evade obligations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367688", "title": "Despite CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s promise, no sign of action against erring cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil appear to be giving a long rope to the Palghar police, despite it being established that their arrest of two young women over an online comment on the November 18 Mumbai bandh following the death of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray was uncalled for.Chavan and Patil had assured citizens that stern action would be taken against the erring cops once Konkan IG Sukhvinder Singh submitted his report. \"Singh's report came on Friday. Chavan and Patil do not appear to be serious.Pending inquiry, they should have suspended all officers. On the pretext of a preliminary probe, they delayed penal action and now, even after receiving the report, they are not taking any action,\" said a senior IPS officer. While there was no response from Chavan and Patil, a home department official said a decision about disciplinary action against the erring officers would be taken on Monday. The counsel of the Palghar girls has demanded that the police book Shiv Sena office-bearer Bhushan Sankhe, who was the one to file a police complaint against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365865", "title": "Bangalore inches closer to Delhi in vehicle density", "text": "NEW DELHI: Creation of IT jobs in Bangalore and Hyderabad seems to have a direct impact on the growth of private vehicles in these two cities. Bangalore, in the past two years, has emerged as next only to Delhi in terms of annual vehicle registration while Hyderabad recorded a big increase in this category in the past two years.Data accessed by TOI shows that while Delhi remains the city with maximum registration of vehicles both in 2011 and in this year till November, number of vehicles in Bangalore is fast increasing. In 2011, Delhi recorded 4.76 lakh vehicle registrations and till November this year, the national capital saw registration of 3.99 lakh vehicles. On the other hand, Bangalore witnessed a huge jump from 2.72 lakh vehicle registrations last year to 3.28 lakh in the past 11 months.The trend is similar in Hyderabad. The city witnessed an increase of at least 14,000 from last year in registration of vehicles, taking its total to 46,163. \"Young people with handsome earnings from the IT industry are shifting to these two cities, you will find most of them buying a vehicle within months after coming here. This trend will continue for the next couple of years. In Bangalore, you have long jams because of the high vehicular growth,\" said a senior road transport and highways ministry official.On the other hand, vehicle growth (based on annual registration figure) in three other cities - Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata - has stabilized. For example, in Chennai this year, registration stood at 1.91 lakh in comparison to 2.26 lakh in 2011 and in Mumbai, so far 1.60 lakh vehicles have been registered this year against 2.27 lakh in 2010. \"We have a huge problem in Chennai where we add 1,000 vehicles every day, but the only difference is 80% of these are two-wheelers,\" said a Chennai Metro rail official.However, Delhi is clearly under heavy load of vehicles and there is a need to find some solution considering vehicular pollution adversely impacting ambient air quality. The data also shows that total vehicles registered in Delhi is equal to the total number registered in Chennai, Mumbai and Hyderabad. The trend was same in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372599", "title": "Ajith shifts gears!", "text": "Actor Ajith Kumar has been busy working on his next project with Vishnuvardhan and even before the shoot is over, the star actor will start shooting for his next film. For quite sometime now Ajith has been working only one film at a time, and this a new change in his style of working.Ajith will start the shoot of his next film with director ' Siruthai ' Siva produced by Vijaya Productions in Hyderabad on December 10. Popular actor Jayamohan is expected to pen a story for the film.Ajith's current project with Visnuvardhan also stars Nayanthara and Arya in the lead and will be on the sets with Visnuvardhan from the 28th of November. While it is said that there aren't any specific punch dialogues in this movies, it could well be expected that Ajith will have some very powerful dialogues in the film with ' Siruthai ' Siva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366339", "title": "Toll collection on newly developed highway to commence from December 12", "text": "NASHIK: Motorists from Nashik, Pimpalgaon, Chandwad and Niphad, using the highway between Pimpalgaon and Gonde on Mumbai-Agra highway from December 12 will now have to shell out a toll for the journey.The PNG Tollway Ltd, which has developed this 60-km stretch, has decided to waiver the toll fee only to residents within 20-km radius of the PNG Toll Plaza at Pimpalgaon and not all vehicles registered in Nashik district. A notification in this regard was published by the organisation on Sunday.With over 75% of the work of widening the highway being complete, the construction company, which widened national highway number 3 on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis, had earlier decided to start the toll collection from October 2.However, just a couple of hours before the toll collection was to commence, leaders of different political parties stormed the toll plaza in protest contending that they would not pay the toll fee until the entire work of the road widening was complete.In view of the strong protest, the company had convinced the local leaders that it would not charge the toll fee for vehicles registered in Nashik until the issue was resolved. While a number of meetings took place between the PNG Tollway, the district collector, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), who is overseeing the project; the issue was not resolved and the status quo continued.Leaders said that the company has started the toll collection despite incomplete work on huge patches on the 60-km stretch. The organisation also decided to waive off the entire Rs 200 monthly processing fee for surveying people residing within the 20-km radius of the toll plaza and issuing them smartcards.While no official from the organisation was available for comment, there are reports that the company may approach the district and police administration to provide security in view of chances of protest from local people when toll collection from Nashik motorists commences from December 12.The company in its notification has said that people residing within 20-km radius of the toll plaza should come with the details of address, photo identification, etc to avail the free pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17372487", "title": "Bill on setting 2 central universities in Bihar introduced", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bill which would enable setting up of two central universities in Bihar was introduced in Lok Sabha on Monday.The Central Universities (Amendment) Bill, 2012 was introduced by HRD minister M M Pallam Raju amid din over the FDI in retail issue.The amendment will enable opening a central university in Motihari in addition to the one in Gaya, which is already functioning from a temporary location. The Act had a provision for setting two central universities in Jammu and Kashmir as a special case.The university in Motihari will be named as Central University of North Bihar and the one at Gaya will be named as Central University of South Bihar, said the statement of objects and reasons of the amendment bill.\"In view of the pressing demand for establishment of one more central university in Bihar and to minimise regional imbalances in higher education , it is proposed to establish one more central university in Bihar,\" it said.It noted that a resolution had also been passed by the Bihar Legislature requesting the Centre to establish the central university at Motihari. Several MPs have also raised the issue for establishing more than one central university in Bihar to speed-up all round development of the state.At present, the central university in Gaya is functioning from a temporary location at the Birla Institute of Technology campus in Patna .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365840", "title": "Rapid rail cost: Rs 72,000 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's ambitious plan to connect three major locations in the National Capital Region (NCR) with Delhi through rapid rail would need at least Rs 72,000 crore investment. The urban development ministry is likely to submit this before Parliament during the current session as a part of the annual report of NCR Planning Board (NCRPB).The investment has been calculated as per September 2011 prices. Though there is little chance of the rapid rail transit system (RRTS) becoming functional in the next four years, the planning board in its report has mentioned the ridership of these lines starting from 2016. Sources said huge capital investment and from where this amount would come have been major concerns for the government. These have been the main reasons behind the UD ministry still not been able to circulate a Cabinet note for inter-ministerial consultation.There are reports that Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has talked about treating RRTS as a national project and thereby hinting at the need of the Centre funding the entire project. Sources said such a proposition would be tough and there is a need of states to share the burden to provide better and faster connectivity to people living in these states.The three lines identified would join Delhi with Alwar (via Gurgaon), Meerut (via Ghaziabad) and Panipat (via Sonipat). While Delhi-Alwar would be the longest route covering 180 km, Delhi-Panipat would be 111.2 km and the shortest, Delhi-Meerut, would be 90.2 km.On the lines of Delhi planning to develop transit oriented corridors (TODs) along the exiting Metro lines, the NCRPB also proposes to develop TODs close to the RRTS stretches. TODs allow intensive residential and commercial development. The planning board proposes TODs at three locations on the Delhi-Panipat stretch, nine on Delhi-Alwar corridor and four on Delhi-Meerut line.The projections of ridership suggest that people taking these trains would be close to 22.2 lakh. \"There is a need to take a decision fast as we cannot avoid putting a robust inter-city transport system. Any delay would mean that cost would go up further,\" said a Haryana government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17367433", "title": "2k Dera followers booked after Sirsa clash", "text": "SIRSA: A day after seven persons were injured in a clash between a group of Sikhs and followers of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda, Haryana police on Sunday booked 2,000 dera followers under various sections of IPC, including attempt to murder, even as the curfew continued in the town.The borders of Sirsa remained sealed and a flag march was taken out by the Haryana police.All the business establishments remained closed and a heavy police deployment kept people indoors.The local administration has ordered closure of all educational institutions in Sirsa till November 28.\"We have called nine companies of the Rapid Action Force (RAF) and additional police force from other districts. The situation is now under control but we are still keeping a strict vigil,\" said IG A S Chawala.Meanwhile, members of the Sikh community handed over a memorandum to SDM and gave an ultimatum till November 30 to meet their demands.\"Our demands include registration of conspiracy case against dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh and the arrest of the accused who hurled stones at our gurdwara,\" said Sukhwinder Singh Khalsa, leader of the group.However, DSS spokesman Pawan Insan said, \"Sikh community members attacked the dera followers first but police have booked 2,000 of our followers which is unjustified.\"On Saturday, four Sikhs and three Dera followers were injured in a clash that was triggered following a minor accident between the vehicles of persons belonging to the two communities.While the Sikhs alleged that dera followers attacked them first, the latter refuted the charges and blamed the former for starting the confrontation.Six vehicles were also set on fire as followers of the dera and Sikhs pelted each other with stones near Balmiki Chowk in the town forcing the district administration to clamp curfew in the entire city.Sirsa deputy commissioner J Ganesan said the situation in Sirsa has limped back to normalcy and the curfew would be relaxed in the morning and evening hours from November 26.Both the communities have been at loggerheads ever since the 2007 violence which triggered after the dera head had allegedly dressed himself like Sikh guru Gobind Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17367031", "title": "IT online tests made easy by TCS at JWC", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jamshedpur Women's College (JWC) has added a new facility for students. Global major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has announced extending free online practice tests facility to JWC.Those pursuing honours in chemistry, physics and mathematics along with B Sc (IT) and BCA, can avail of this facility.\"These tests can be taken by the students in the college or elsewhere, according to the time slots that suit them best,\" said a senior science faculty. The online tests will provide an effective platform to the students to help them learn how to score high by answering questions through the best techniques.\"The online test series will allow the students to answer mock tests of not only TCS, but also other IT companies like Infosys and Wipro Technologies ,\" said a college administration official.A team from TCS will visit the college campus early next year to assess the merit of the students.\"The TCS team will arrive here next year for conducting job placements and students who have excelled in the online test series will have comparatively better chances of bagging jobs,\" said the official.Since TCS follows the practice of learn while you earn, the chosen candidates will be encouraged to complete their Masters in computer application along with the job.\"Ours is the only college in Jharkhand , other than BIT Mesra, which has been selected by the renowned IT Company, TCS for this,\" said college principal Shukla Mohanty.For the last few years, JWC has been on a placement spree, inviting several IT and BPO companies on campus. \"The response of the companies has been encouraging so far and we look forward to adding to the existing list of visiting companies in the months ahead,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17401096", "title": "Naxal couple, five rebels arrested", "text": "RAIPUR: Security forces have arrested a Naxal couple on Sunday from Narayanpur district, while police managed to arrest five other Maoists from Bijapur district in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.Narayanpur district superintendent of police, Mayank Shrivastava, said Hungaram and his wife Mase were apprehended from Rengabeda village in the district, after a joint team comprising forces of the district police, Chhattisgarh Armed Force (CAF) and Special Task Force cordoned off the area. The couple was wanted in a number of cases including murder and attempt-to-murder.Meanwhile, police sources said that five Naxalites were arrested from a village market at Tumgeli in Bijapur district.On a tip off, the police cordoned off the village market and picked up caught the rebels, who were wanted in connection with serious Naxal- related offences. Police have already stepped up vigil in entire Bastar region, particularly in the areas of inter-state border as part of their on-going drive against the Maoists. The rebels too, who were lying low during the monsoon, have become active now. and targeted landmine attack on senior Congress leader and former leader of the opposition Mahendra Karma and few other security personnel in separate incidents of violence in the tribal region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17370886", "title": "NASA rover tracks big dust storm on Mars", "text": "WASHINGTON: A NASA spacecraft is keeping tabs on a vast dust storm on Mars that has spawned changes in the Martian atmosphere felt by Curiosity rover on the Red planet's surface.The Martian dust storm was first spotted by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) on November 10 and has been tracked ever since, the space agency said.Using the orbiter's Mars Colour Imager, Bruce Cantor of Malin Space Science Systems, began observing the storm and subsequently reported it to the team operating NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity.The storm came no closer than about 1,347 kilometres from Opportunity, resulting in only a slight drop in atmospheric clarity over that rover, which does not have a weather station.Halfway around the planet from Opportunity, the NASA Mars rover Curiosity's weather station has detected atmospheric changes related to the storm.Sensors on the Rover Environmental Monitoring Station (REMS), which was provided for Curiosity by Spain, have measured decreased air pressure and a slight rise in overnight low temperature.\"This is now a regional dust storm. It has covered a fairly extensive region with its dust haze, and it is in a part of the planet where some regional storms in the past have grown into global dust hazes,\" said Rich Zurek, chief Mars scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena .\"For the first time since the Viking missions of the 1970s, we are studying a regional dust storm both from orbit and with a weather station on the surface,\" Zurek said.Curiosity's equatorial location and the sensors on REMS, together with the daily global coverage provided by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, provide new advantages compared with what Viking offered with its combination of orbiters and landers.Each Martian year lasts about two Earth years. Regional dust storms expanded and affected vast areas of Mars in 2001 and 2007, but not between those years nor since 2007.\"One thing we want to learn is why do some Martian dust storms get to this size and stop growing, while others this size keep growing and go global,\" Zurek said.From decades of observing Mars, scientists know there is a seasonal pattern to the largest Martian dust-storm events. The dust-storm season began just a few weeks ago, with the start of southern-hemisphere spring.The Mars Climate Sounder instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter detected a warming of the atmosphere at about 25 kilometres above the storm. Since then, the atmosphere in the region has warmed by about 25 degrees Celsius. This is due to the dust absorbing sunlight at that height, so it indicates the dust is being lofted well above the surface and the winds are starting to create a dust haze over a broad region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17367814", "title": "Seven killed as bus falls into 100-ft gorge near Pollachi, narrow escape for 50", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven people were killed and 50 injured when a Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) bus swerved off the road and fell into a 100-feet gorge near Aliyar dam in Pollachi late on Saturday.While bodies of three passengers were recovered soon after the accident, four more were retrieved on Sunday. The injured had a miraculous escape when the bus hit a tree on its way down and lay precariously perched on the tree trunk. The bus, carrying 54 passengers and three staff, was heading to Palani from Valparai when the accident took place.According to police, the bus driver, Sivakumar, was driving rashly when he lost control while negotiating a hairpin bend and the bus plunged into the gorge.The deceased were identified as N Pappathi alias Sarojini (58), K Chandrakanth (19), A Saravanakumar alias Sathish (7), all hailing from Injiparai, V Nagaraj (54), R Panneerselvam (46), hailing from Oosimalai estate, K Chandrabose (55) from Periyakallar and K Vellaisamy (50) from Vellaimalai estate in Valparai.The injured have been admitted to the government hospitals at Pollachi and Coimbatore. According to the doctors at the hospitals, most of the injured had suffered multiple fractures but their condition was stable.Kadamparai police have registered a case against the bus driver under Section 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 304 A (causing death by negligence) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17366874", "title": "Snakes hold train passengers to ransom", "text": "HOWRAH: Two snakes triggered panic in a reserved compartment of Bagh Express for nearly two hours on Sunday morning after they were abandoned by snake charmers who tried to fleece passengers for money. The snakes - identified as kalnagini and bali bora - were handed over to the GRP at Howrah station who in turn gave them to a rescue team of forest officials.Two live snakes, abandoned in a reserved compartment of Bagh Express spread widespread panic for nearly two hours this morning. Two snake charmers, who had managed to get into the reserved compartment from Burdwan, abandoned the snakes after a few passengers accosted them when they tried to fleece passengers for money. The snakes were handed over to the GRP at Howrah Station, who in turn gave them to a rescue team of forest officials.The two young snake charmers boarded the train at Burdwan with two coir baskets containing live snakes and started asking for money after taking the lid off the snakes. While the serpents created panic among passengers, the charmers threatened to let them loose if passengers refused to pay. When some people challenged them, the youths fled, leaving the open baskets on the compartment's floor.The moving serpents evoked a lot of panic from the passengers especially from those on whom the charmers threatened to let the snakes loose because they refused to give them money. Finally, a group of irate passengers challenged them and they fled, leaving the open baskets on the floor of the compartment. It was then that the snakes, that were later identified as kalnagini and bali bora, tried to slither out of their baskets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366352", "title": "Randhir Singh pulls out of IOA race", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a dramatic turn of events, Randhir Singh , one of the two main candidates for presidentship of the Indian Olympic Association, withdrew their nominations on Sunday, paving the way for the unanimous election of Abhey Singh Chautala to the top post.The incumbent IOA secretary general said his decision was taken after International Olympic Committee (IOC) shot off a letter threatening suspension of the IOA for following the government's sports code in the elections and not the IOC charter.\"They sent the letter two days back stating clearly that they won't recognize IOA. Being an IOC member, I cannot go against the institution to which I belong. So I decided to withdraw my candidature,\" he said.Randhir's decision means Chautala won't have to face the election anymore after Randhir's covering candidate and the third one in the fray, Raj Chopra too withdrew. Two other candidates - Anil Khanna and Raj Siddhu - also withdrew their candidature for the post of treasurer and executive council member respectively.Chautala, meanwhile, denied that his camp forced Randhir withdraw from the race through a sustained campaign. \"I thank Randhir for withdrawing his nomination and this is precisely what we had been telling him from the day one for the unity in IOA. I will do everything to make IOA an efficient organization,\" Chautala said.Bhanot comes under fireCandidate for the position of secretary general, Lalit Bhanot came under fire from the Randhir camp when it questioned his decision to contest the polls.Gurbir Singh, chairman of NRI Olympic Support Commission in the IOA, questioned how the Commonwealth Games Organising Committee secretary general was being allowed to contest despite the IOC Ethics Commission's objections.\"Bhanot has no business to contest the elections. Our own constitution says it will abide by all clauses and direction of the IOC charter. IOC Ethics Commission has given a finding and it says three people (Suresh Kalmadi, Bhanot and VK Varma) have been chargesheeted for scams relating to the CWG and not granted bail by the court for nine months. This is clearly not acceptable to the IOC.They won't allow them to be in the Olympic movement. They have very clearly told to the IOA that they should not take part in the elections, but he is still contesting,\" he told the TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370889", "title": "Parliament adjourned till Tuesday over FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both Houses of Parliament have been adjourned till Tuesday following uproar on foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) earlier in the day gave a notice for suspension of Question Hour to discuss FDI in multi-brand retail.Meanwhile, the Congress-led UPA government has convened an all-party meeting here today to discuss the ongoing deadlock in Parliament over FDI in multi-brand retail.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath has convened Monday's meeting, which is scheduled to take place at around 1pm. This meeting comes at a time when the first two days of the Winter Session last week saw Parliament being paralysed on the issue.Many parties in the opposition have remained adamant on discussion under a rule that entails voting under Rule 184.The Central government has taken the stand that it will not force the DMK in Chennai or any other state government on implementation of FDI in the retail sector.According to reports, the DMK, which is the second-largest party in the UPA after the Congress, is worried that supporting the decision even tacitly would affect its vote bank.The DMK has 18 Lok Sabha MPs, which is vital to the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17367848", "title": "Stem cell research to play major role in regenerative medicine: Expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: Soon, there will come a day when stem cell research will be used to replace an amputated limb with an artificially grown one, said Wilhelm K Aicher, a researcher in regenerative medicine from the University of Tuebingen, Germany.Aicher was speaking to TOI on the sidelines of an International Symposium on Macro and Supra Molecular Architectures and Materials: Nano Systems and Applications (MAM-12), organised by KS Rangasamy College of Technology in association with Education Times.Aicher said such research will play a major role in regenerative medicine, which is presently concentrating on how to develop new tissues to replace lost tissue cells. Consequently, it would help in curing disc pain, cancers and many other medical problems prevalent today. \"Stem cell research is a growing area with several promising developments,\" he added. It might take around five years to be released in the market.Aicher says that at present there are developments which can cure back pain and related ailments. For example, inter-vertebral disc compression caused by gaps in tissues, is a common ailment which may find a solution in stem cell research. \"Trials have shown that terminally ill patients are able to regain mobility thanks to advances in regenerative medicine,\" Aicher said.In today's world, the treatment for fractures or gaps in tissues involves the insertion of an artificial instrument which will facilitate growth of tissues and the healing process.\"With stem cell research, it is possible to find a solution without the aid of external instruments, where the tissue will grow naturally,\" Aicher said. And very soon, artificially grown tissues will be able to replace entire organs or limbs, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17366169", "title": "Gandhian cap dominates 'paag' for convocation", "text": "CHHAPRA: Jai Prakash University (JPU) has finally settled the row over 'Mithila paag' versus 'Gandhian cap'. The university has now finalised that the scholars will wear 'Gandhian cap,' and not 'paag,' in lieu of the traditional hood at the time of receiving degree / certificate during its maiden convocation ceremony to be held on November 30.Dr Nand Kumar Singh, inspector of colleges (Science) told TOI on Saturday that the university would now provide 'white Gandhi cap embossed with the university logo' to the scholars for wearing at the time of receiving degree/ certificate.Some locals including JPU officials had earlier raised fingers on the varsity proposal to provide 'Mithila Paag' to the scholars for wearing at the time of convocation. The opponents of 'Mithila paag' argued that the 'paag' represents culture of one region only whereas 'Gandhi cap' represents the entire Nation, adding that \"If one has to represent the Bhojpuri culture, our 'muretha' (a type of turban locally used) must have been taken in to consideration.After objections, the vice-chancellor Prof Ram Binod Sinha sent a request to the Rajbhawan to consider replacement of 'paag' by 'Gandhian cap'. Earlier, chancellor Devanand Konwar had given nod to replace conventional gown and hood with 'Mithila paag' along with apron of different colours.Earlier on Friday, the VC Prof Sinha directed principals of all colleges to observe the maiden convocation day as festival on November 30 and by erecting uniform ceremonial gates outside their campus with photographs of the chancellor and the vice chancellor and also banners to welcome the chancellor, guests and recipients of degrees at this convocation.Singh said, \"Till date 110 students who have passed PG examinations in 2011 have applied to participate in this convocation including 17 toppers who would be given gold medals,\" adding that 15 PhD holders would be conferred degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365829", "title": "'Youth unaware of Indo-Pak partition pain'", "text": "PANAJI: Veteran film director M S Sathyu, who made the 1973 film 'Garam Hawa' (scorching winds), which is considered the most authentic film on the pre-independence partition of the country, has said that \"most young people today are unaware of what the country went through during the time of the partition\".Speaking at the Iffi 2012 in Goa, he felt there was a \"lot of relevance in making our audiences aware of what we have gone through in the past,\" while adding \"the film has relevance for today's youth\".Sathyu observed that there was a lack of interest from Indian filmmakers in bringing historical events on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17366072", "title": "Cuncolim workers get 7-day remand", "text": "QUEPEM: Four labours working at the Cuncolim industrial estate, who were arrested by the Quepem police on November 7, for the alleged molestation of a 12-year-old girl from a tribal community at Akamoll in Ambaulim village were produced before the children's court at Panaji.The court has remanded all the four accused of another seven days of judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366680", "title": "Zilla parishads told to review implementation of RTE Act", "text": "PUNE: The state school education department has directed Zilla parishads (ZP) in the state to convene a special general body meeting on November 29 to review the implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act. The heads of education boards have been told to submit a status report on the implementation of the act to the chief executive officer of the respective ZP.The report will be forwarded to the state government and action will be taken against ZPs that have failed to implement the act effectively.Pune ZP education officer D Shenkar said, \"According to the government's instructions, the ZP report must also include the problem areas in implementation of the act and provide solutions.\"An official from the state education department said, \"Close to Rs 3,000 crore has been spent on implementing various educational schemes across the state. However, our review in over one lakh schools has revealed that the RTE Act needs to be implemented in a better way so that every child in the six to 14 age-group gets education.\"As per the RTE Act, the chief executive officer of the ZP is the responsible authority to monitor education officers and their performances with respect to the act's implementation. The municipal commissioner must monitor implementation of the RTE Act at schools in municipal limits and the collector in local self-government limits. The regional education director has to monitor the overall implementation in the district.The state education official said that an initiative was launched recently under the chairmanship of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, according to which effective implementation of the RTE Act provisions must be completed by March 2013. \"However, the onus to implement the act will be on the ZPs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371192", "title": "Comedy Super Star: New title for Santhanam", "text": "It has been a common practice for fans to bestow titles to their favorite heroes. The trend now extends to comedians as well. Vadivel is well known as \"Vaigai Puyal\". The latest to join him in the list is Santhanam.currently, he is shooting with Arya for the movie 'Settai' which is remake of the Hindi blockbuster 'Delhi Belly'.Kannan is directing ' Settai ' and Santhanam is being promoted as Comedy Super star in the movie's title card and promos. Santhanam has given a go-ahead for this title.The Settai cast members include Arya, Hansika, Anjali and Premgi along with Santhanam. ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' Santhanam's first production venture is ready to release on 21st December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366034", "title": "Water boost: BMC starts work on two new tunnels", "text": "MUMBAI: To improve water supply in the city's fringe areas, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has started construction work on two new tunnels: from Verawali to Powai and Powai to Ghatkopar.The tunnels were announced in the civic budget last year. There are already four tunnels in operation in the city and work on two others is going on.The BMC has planned these tunnels as a long-term measure to augment the water supply, to battle pipeline encroachment and do away with the old network of pipelines above ground level.According to civic officials, the length of the tunnel from Verawali to Powai is about 2.2 km and the one from Powai to Ghatkopar is 4.4km, with each having a diameter of 2,200mm. Work on both tunnels has been given to the same contractor with the cost estimated at Rs 263 crore.Senior civic officials said, \"Areas in Powai and Ghatkopar are at the fag end of the distribution system. Hence water reaches homes there with low pressure. The two tunnels, once ready, will bring relief to residents.\" The tunnels will be ready in the next four-and-a-half-years and will replace water mains from the Verawali and Ghatkopar reservoir.The BMC has also appointed a consultant for a feasibility study on two new tunnel sites, from Chembur to Trombay and Chembur to Wadala. Work on these two tunnels is likely to begin in April 2013 and is estimated to cost Rs 460 crore.\"Once these four tunnels, and work on the on-going tunnels is completed, the BMC is not going to take any more tunnels for water supply in the near future, as most of the city will have been covered by the tunnels planned,\" said a civic official. The water supply system of the city is around 4,000 km. Most of the pipelines are over a decade old and are ageing leading to water wastage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17367967", "title": "IT\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s not just job, they also find time to address garbage issue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The common notion is that when a youngster land up on a good IT job, their office becomes their world. Breaking this notion, A group of IT professionals in the city have come forward to address a critical issue- garbage disposal.As a first step, they are organizing a first of its kind interschool competition 'Flair' in a bid to impart the same commitment they share towards the society create awareness among the school students on the need of keeping city clean, at Nirmala Bhavan HSS, Kowdiar on December 1. The theme of the event is 'Clean Your Act'.The event is being organized under the label of Vivo, an NGO these professionals gave shape two years ago to carry out their social responsibility programmes. The students of nine prominent private management schools in the city will take part in the events, which will see them competing in five different items, including painting, elocution and quiz.\"The theme of all the contests in the event will be based on cleanliness and effective garbage disposal,\" said Rhema Kallimel, the coordinator of Vivo. She added that they could not incorporate students of government schools in the event this year because they did not have the association of any government agencies.However, they intended to change that in the coming years by expand the programme to more schools, Rhema said.\"Yes, we have hectic jobs, but one doesn't need to dedicate huge amount of time for doing their bit to the society,\" said Marian Jijo Punnoose, a member of Vivo and an employee of a leading IT company in city.\"We just set aside a couple of hours in the weekends to plan things out. We then execute the plans by proper sharing of work. So far we have conducted several charity programmes,\" she said. She added that though Vivo took shape among IT professionals professionals in other private sectors too are part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17372577", "title": "Legal assistance to HIV positives, transgenders and sex workers", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Bar Association in association with Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat and District Aids Prevention and Control Unit is all set to lend helping hand to HIV positives, transgenders and sex workers by providing legal assistance.Legal aid cell with five advocates on board will start functioning in district to ensure social justice to people tested HIV positive, transgenders and sex workers.Former president of Mangalore Bar Association SP Changappa said that the cell will extend help to solve various problems people in these groups face. \"There are more than 3,000 laws in India, but there is no specific law that protects HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers. The Union Ministry of Law and Justice had drafted HIV/Aids Bill in 2007, but the President has not given assent to it so far. Most of the problems HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers face will be solved if the Bill is enacted,\" Changappa said.There are several instances of parents abandoning children after they were diagnosed as HIV positive. Some parents even deny property rights even though children have the right. Similarly, transgenders and sex workers too are being treated shabbily in the society. All such inequalities can be eradicated through the proposed Act, he added.Changappa said that HIV positive people, transgenders and sex workers may contact the cell to avail assistance..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365925", "title": "Cops probing whether shot fired by Namdhari hit Ponty Chadha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Was one of the bullets that felled liquor baron Ponty Chadha fired by his friend Sukhdev Singh Namdhari? Police sources pointed to this possibility, saying one of the bullets appears to have entered Ponty's body from the front-right. His brother Hardeep, by contrast, was firing at him from the left.Cops have found signs of Namdhari's licenced pistol being tampered with, said sources. Namdhari, who was sacked as chairman of the Uttarakhand minorities commission, has confessed to having shot three-five bullets during the November 17 shootout, police told the court on Saturday.A day after investigations into the Ponty Chadha-Hardeep killings were mysteriously taken away from the south district police and handed over to the crime branch, cops say either Namdhari or his PSO, Sachin Tyagi, could have fired the bullet that hit Ponty from the right. The shot may have hit Ponty accidentally as both men seemed to have been shooting at Hardeep, the cops added.Namdhari's pistol, shotgun seizedNamdhari fired 3-5 rounds from his licenced pistol and his PSO shot another 3 rounds with his carbine but only two of the bullets hit Hardeep. Most rounds fired by the two men were way off the mark, with bullets found various places on the wall, a source said.The cops on Sunday recovered Namdhari's licenced pistol of 7.62mm calibre (.30 bore), a double barrel shotgun (12 bore), one magazine and five live cartridges from his house in Bazpur, Uttarakhand, where he was taken by a crime branch team. The licences were also seized.Namdhari was taken to areas around Bazpur and neighbouring Uttar Pradesh. On Saturday night, police released Sachin Tyagi, the personal security officer of Namdhari who was initially picked up for questioning.Several police officers from the special investigation team of crime branch are raiding places in UP and Uttarakhand to nab the rest of the men deployed by Namdhari at Ponty's farmhouses before the shooting. Around 40 men in Indicas, Altos and a Tempo had barged into farmhouse number 42 in Chhatarpur and G-19 in Kapashera, with the aim of capturing these properties from Hardeep's possession.A source police were specifically looking for two persons - Satnam alias Satte, who had opened fire inside the farmhouse, and Hardayal, who is a relative of Namdhari.Meanwhile, the transfer of the case to the Crime Branch at this crucial stage has raised several questions. The Delhi Police has officially described the move as routine, saying the local police unit has other priorities such as maintaining law and order in the district. The transfer would also facilitate investigations which need to be carried out across states, it said.However, police sources give a different picture. They say cases that have been transferred to a different wing of the organization often get botched because the investigators are not associated with the probe since the beginning. The murder of Shobhit Modi at Vasant Kunj in south Delhi, which had hit headlines last year, is a classic example, the sources said. The case was transferred to the crime branch, which hasn't been able to crack it.Sources claimed the certain arrests in the case, such as that of Ponty's protocol manager Bhupender Bisht, had not gone down well with a section of the police brass. Later, the arrest of Namdhari, who is well-connected and was the initial complainant in the case, also created controversy among police ranks.Sources claimed that the Chadha family too had expressed dissatisfaction with the direction of the probe. They added that, from here on, major developments are unlikely in the case.Police have officially maintained that there are under no pressure and that investigations are being carried out as per the law.Driver helps cops nail shooting sequencePonty Chadha's driver, Raj Dev, has emerged as the main witness in the case, helping cops establish the sequence of events, number of bullets fired and Namdhari's role in the shooting. Police are now certain 18-20 rounds were fired but cannot account for three bullets. \"Hardeep fired eight rounds, Namdhari three to five and his PSO, Tyagi, three shots. We are trying to find out who fired the other three to five rounds,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366631", "title": "Meet to discuss installation of statues soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration will hold a discussion with the corporation authorities within a week to decide on the locations to install the sculptures that are taking shape at the national-level granite sculpture camp. The camp is currently underway at the ADM Bungalow at Malapparamba.The move was taken to avoid fresh controversies regarding the installation of sculptures. Last time, controversy erupted over the locations for the installation of 12 sculptures in the city after the civic authority claimed that they came to know about the locations through the media and the authorities concerned had not taken any measures to consult them before announcing the locations.\" Mayor A K Premajam, corporation secretary, MLA representing the constituency and other persons concerned will be present at the meeting,\" said district collector K V Mohankumar. He said the district administration is planning to shift one or two sculptures erected at the Kozhikode beach to Sarovaram bio-park.\"The district administration is planning to install three statues at the Kozhikode beach and one or two at the Bhatt Road beach. Decision on other locations will be taken after the meeting. The statues will be placed upon pedestals to avoid breaking of nameplates by miscreants,\" he said.Welcoming the decision of the district collector, mayor said the civic body is ready to cooperate with the district administration in identifying locations for the installation of statues. \"Collector has informed me about the meeting and a decision on locations will be taken jointly in the meeting,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365741", "title": "Nagpur IAC members flock to Kejriwal's political party", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems that splitting from Anna Hazare's movement has not hurt Arvind Kejriwal's brand value in Nagpur. Almost 90% of the India Against Corruption (IAC) members in the city have decided to don the political cap, even though their chief Ajay Sanghi has decided against it.Sanghi said, \"We respect everyone's views and I must say that some very good people are joining Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP). We need good people in politics and my former colleagues are certainly the right people to lead the charge.\"IAC's new phase will begin after Anna restructures the movement, following Kejriwal's exit. The details of Anna 2.0, as the new set up is being called informally, are likely to emerge when Anna starts his countrywide tour in January.In Nagpur, the entire old IAC group will meet for the last time on Monday at its office in Congress Nagar. \"It shall be more of a farewell party to our friends who are joining AAP, since we all worked together selflessly for a common cause. All of us worked extremely hard and many showed dynamism in the movement against corruption,\" said Sanghi.The Nagpur chapter of Kejriwal's AAP has already started taking shape. Some of the founding members of AAP-Nagpur are currently in the capital to consult with Kejriwal and other core committee members about future strategy. Speaking over the phone, Ambarish Sawarkar said, \"By Monday evening we shall know who among us will head the Nagpur chapter of AAP. Our supporters in Nagpur have already started planning for various functions and initiatives that will help us spread the message of AAP. Membership drives will kickoff from this week itself and we are confident that many new members will join us.\"His colleague Devendra Wankhede claimed that even non-IAC members have started joining the AAP ranks. \"New people will continue to come because they all want a better future for themselves. Here in Delhi, we have already finalized the national council of AAP, in which there are two members from our state. On Monday, the state council will be announced and efforts are being made to include everyone in the decision making process,\" said Wankhede.AAP is planning a small rally in Nagpur on Monday to make its presence felt. Wankhede said, \"We are working on the final plans to get the rally going. We have hundreds of active supporters ready to go and spread the message on the streets. Once we (founding members) return, later this week, the bigger plans will be unveiled.\"Both Sanghi and Wankhede said they have immense respect for each other's organization even though their paths are different. Sanghi said, \"I have always said that forming a political party is not the right alternative, but I respect Kejriwal a lot. He is my hero and in him I see someone who is a true patriot.\"Wankhede said, \"IAC is a movement and AAP is a political party, so there is no conflict really. We would have been very happy to have all IAC members with us because we know their intentions are good. Though we go our separate ways from this week, there is certainly no friction between us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369030", "title": "The end of SRK and Arjun Rampal's friendship?", "text": "The Shah Rukh Khan-Arjun Rampal friendship is over, RIP! Rumbles of discontentment have been audible for a long time. We now have it from a very reliable source that Arjun and SRK have completely distanced themselves from one another while their wives continue to be best friends.At the proposed 40th birthday bash that Arjun's wife Mehr is organizing in Marrackesh on November 29, Shah Rukh will be conspicuous by his absence.\"And not because SRK has other commitments and cannot be at Marrackesh. This is the alibi that's being set forward for SRK's absence at Arjun's party on 29th. But the truth is, Shah Rukh is no more on talking terms with Arjun. Their wives continue to be thick pals. In fact Gauri Khan is on top of Mehr Jessia's guest list for her husband's birthday party,\" says our source.Apparently Mrs Shah Rukh Khan has made it clear to Mrs Rampal that Shah Rukh is not attending the 40th birthday party.The split between the two close friends has caused quite an awkward loyalty-issue among the friends of the two actors. Abhishek and Aishwarya Bachchan are apparently not attending Arjun's birthday party, because of Abhishek's closeness to Shah Rukh. On the other hand Hrithik and Susanne who are very thick with Arjun and Mehr would be present throughout the celebrations.Interestingly the girl-gang comprising star-wives Gauri Khan, Susanne Roshan, Mehr Jessia, Chunky Pandey's wife Bhavna and Sanjay Kapoor's wife Maheep continue to form their girls' gang irrespective of the equation among their husbands. Sonali Bhendre who also used to be a part of the star-wives' club has now isolated herself from it.All the ladies from the exclusive star-wives' clubs are expected to be at Marrackesh for Arjun's big 40th birthday bash on the 29th November, three days' ahead of the actual birth date.With or without their husbands.Arjun Rampal who will celebrate a working birthday on November 276 in Kutch on location for Nikhil Advani's D Day says he's aware of the birthday bash but unaware of the guest list. \"I know Mehr is planning this surprise party for me at Marrackesh which I am not supposed to know about. Who all are coming, I've no clue. I know my wife and daughters will be there.\"Arjun heads for Marrackesh on 27 November to attend the film festival where three of his films Rock On , Raajneeti and Chakravyuha are being screened.Understandably the actor who has lately come into his own, is excited \"It would be a mini-festival of my best work and then the party that Mehr is organizing at Marrackesh. But that's a little way off. For the next couple of days I'm shooting some of toughest action scenes I've ever done. Nikhil Advani is shooting on the outskirts of Kutch. The location is about four-hours'drive away from Kutch. And quite gruelling.\"About turning 40 Arjun asks, \"Is it really meant to be special? That's what people said when I turned 30. But I guess at 40 you begin to make good use of the experiences that you've gathered over the years. Earlier you are just running around trying to find your bearings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366939", "title": "Aftab Ansari seeks political prisoner status", "text": "KOLKATA: Terror convict Aftab Ansari, now on death row for masterminding the American Center attack here 10 years ago, has sought a political prisoner's status, a jail official said.Ansari, lodged in the Alipore Central Jail, sent the application on November 23. \"It is addressed to the inspector general of state prisons. We have forwarded the letter to the inspector general,\" the jail official said. Inspector general (prisons) Ranvir Kumar said: \"I am yet to receive the application.\" Ansari based his argument on the petitions submitted by seven Maoists to the Calcutta high court this year seeking political prisoner status. The court granted their plea in August. iansAnsari argued that like the Maoists, he too had been convicted for \"waging war against the state\", an official said.On Jan 22, 2002, terrorists fired indiscriminately at security men guarding the American Center, killing five policemen and injuring several others.The attack was carried out to avenge the death of Asif Raza Khan, an associate of Aftab Ansari, who was killed by Gujarat Police the year before.Ansari was arrested from Dubai thereafter and deported to India Feb 9, 2002 to face trial. Ansari and co-accused Jamiluddin Nasir were sentenced to death by the trial court in April 2005 and the judgment was subsequently upheld by the high court in February 2010. However, the death sentences were stayed by the Supreme Court in May 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17366761", "title": "Cong, NCP hit by discontent in north Gujarat", "text": "PALANPUR: Along with the Congress, rumblings of discontentment are also being witnessed in NCP in north Gujarat. President of Mehsana unit Mansanh Thakore has resigned along with his supporters to protest the decision of the party to field Navin Patel from Visnagar assembly constituency Thakore has charged that Patel is neither a party member nor a worker.Meanwhile, nine of the ten NCP members of Bhabhar municipality in Banaskantha district have decided to join the BJP. These include the municipality president Harilal Acharya. Bhabhar is a part of the newly-created Vav constituency. Acharya said that they have made the move to protest the NCP's decision to field Chandubhai Thakkar on the Vav seat.The Congress too has witnessed protests led by Geniben Thakore against the decision to give the Vav seat to its ally NCP.She said, \"When the NCP members are themselves not happy with the decision and quitting the party why should we bear the brunt?\" She claimed that 500 party workers have decided to quit the party. She has threatened to contest as an independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365857", "title": "Mock drill on Dec 4 to test Delhi's disaster readiness", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come December and Delhiites will seen another mega mock drill aimed at testing their disaster preparedness. The drill, scheduled for December 4, will be organized by National Disaster Management and Delhi Disaster Management Authority. This time, it will focus specially on hospitals and education institutes.\"For the past nine months, our experts have been holding workshops with schoolteachers and doctors. For the 1,500 trainers ready with us, this drill will be a test of their preparation,\" said a senior officer.The drill aims to cover at least four to five places in each of the 11 districts of Delhi, which works out at about 50 places. The results of the mega mock drill - the first under new DDMA secretary Dharampal - will be evaluated by the Army.This will be the third major drill to be held in Delhi in the past one year. The last one, which was held in July, checked disaster management at 11 Metro stations in the NCR. It was also evaluated by the Army, which was not impressed with the readiness of the Metro staff, health department and traffic police.The report had slammed Metro for not having the equipment to remove debris in case of a natural disaster. The Army had recommended CISF personnel and the paramilitary forces guarding the Metro stations be given handheld wireless radio sets.Focus of the drill to be on hospitals and educational institutes in each of the 11 districts in the city-about 50 spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365882", "title": "Ponty Chadha's driver key witness", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police claims it finally has an accurate count of the number of shots fired at the Chhatarpur shootout that claimed the lives of liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep. It is Ponty's driver, Raj Dev, who has emerged as the main witness and has helped the cops establish the sequence of events, number of bullets fired and Sukhdev Singh Namdhari's role in the whole episode.Police are certain that 18-20 rounds were fired; but Hardeep, Namdhari and Sachin Tyagi fired only about 15, and the cops are in a fix over this. \"Hardeep fired eight rounds from his two pistols, while Namdhari fired three to five rounds. Tyagi fired three shots too. We are trying to find out who fired the other three to five rounds,\" said a top source, adding that Namdhari was with Ponty Chadha on November 16, too, a day before the shootout.A highly placed source said Raj Dev, who drove Ponty's Land Cruiser that day, took cover behind the car's wheels when the firing started. Crime Branch says the Punjab Police PSOs of Hardeep had not entered the farmhouse when the firing had started.Namdhari, sources said, has been changing his statement frequently and has denied having any motive to kill Hardeep; but he lied on purpose in the FIR he registered that he did not fire any shot. \"Why did he carry a weapon to the farmhouse if there was no motive?\" said a source.The cops are also questioning another driver-Kamal-about the whole incident. \"We have been told that he was not present with Ponty that day but he may give us some clue as we believe he knew about Namdhari's men coming to help Ponty to take possession of the farmhouse,\" said an officer.While obtaining Namdhari's custody on Saturday, Delhi Police told the court that he had confessed to shooting at Hardeep with his licensed pistol - a .30 bore (prohibited) weapon - in 'self defence' when Hardeep pointed a gun at him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365478", "title": "Noise pollution cause of dwindling sparrow population: Study", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban noise could be the key cause of the declining sparrow population in the city. A research on urban noise pollution says it is limiting communication between the birds and their chicks to such an extent that adult sparrows are unable to hear their young, impairing the chicks' growth as they are less likely to be fed.Researchers of the University of Sheffield have found industrial and traffic noise in urban environments affecting the communication of adult sparrows with their young and that birds living in quiet barns and woodland were fed more than those in the noisier environment which makes the young ones better prepared for survival.\"We found that masking of communication is likely to be responsible for a reduction in food provisioning for chicks from parents and that there was about 25% fewer visits in the noisy area than in the quiet area,\" explains Julia Schroeder, the lead researcher of the study entitled 'Passerine birds breeding under chronic noise experience reduced fitness'.Reiterating this in the Jaipur context, ornithologist Harshvardhan said, \"Household sparrows, as they are popularly known, have undoubtedly been on the decline since the 90s. In the last few years, cities have been growing and as traditional houses were taken over by the current trend of flats, the bird habitat got a severe set back. Open spaces or lawns became parking spaces and places amiable for nesting for birds shrank drastically. This reduced nesting spaces led to loss of breeding.\"The loss of open areas around the houses, shrubs and grass, also resulted in the loss of feeding ground for sparrows that fed on insects. Added to that is the use of more pesticides on agricultural land, reducing the insect population and almost eliminated, though gradually, Harshvardhan said.Such shortage of food was reason enough to trigger the sparrow's population decline. \"As a result, we're not seeing enough young sparrows into the existing population for stop the dwindling number of this bird species,\" he added.Another research asserts that, \"The sparrow population in Andhra Pradesh alone had dropped by 80%, and in other states like Kerala, Gujarat and Rajasthan, it had dipped by 20%.\"But it seems all is not lost. \"Modern architecture which have evolved with human beings does not allow space for sparrows. But to revive the household sparrows, we are now fixing feed boxes. So far we have sold over 300 feedboxes across the city near Rambagh hotel, SMS School, Mahaveer Viklang Sahayata Samiti, MGD and Xaviers School. The results have been remarkable. In a breeding season from February to October, we have witnessed up to four breedings, adding fresh stock to the dwindling population,\" said Sajal Jugran, an environmentalist working with Harshvardhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366498", "title": "Disaster management cell in Bhopal Municipal Corporation is need of hour", "text": "BHOPAL: There is no separate disaster management cell in the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), presenting a risky scenario for the city during moments of crisis. Growing incidents in the city and the continuous mismanagement by the authorities is obvious. However, lessons are yet to be learnt.\"Presently, corporation does not have employees with proper training in disaster management in the state capital. It is only the fire department of the corporation that looks after the rescue operations during exigencies,\" corporation sources said.\"Interestingly, despite the recent incident of an overhead water tank collapse killing 7 and injuring 36 in Sai Baba Nagar near Arera Colony a week ago, the corporation is yet to plan a proper training of the officials associated with fire department to handle the situation in a better matter in such moments of crisis,\" they said.Ironically, the fire department that has been shouldering the rescue operations responsibility is not only inadequate in terms of material, but also men who manage the show, officials said.Congress corporator Mahira Salamuddin pointed out, \"It is high time that the city had a trained staff for disaster management. The irony of the corporation is that even the existing infrastructure of the BMC is not sufficient to meet the needs of the fast developing Bhopal.\"Currently, the corporation has only half a dozen officials for rescue operations during accident across the city. The BMC has only one rescue van, four fire-fighters and six fire stations for a population of 20 lakh.However, the BMC is yet to learn from its past mistakes.When water-logging was experienced in many lower parts of the city this monsoon, the BMC failed miserably to evacuate people properly. Difficulties were also experienced when the BMC rescue squad was not able to rescue 5 residents during a recent LPG gas cylinder blast in Jehangirabad area of old Bhopal. Ultimately, the victims lost their lives,\" Salamuddin said.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava also agreed that lack of infrastructure is one of biggest hurdles. \"We have a trained staff of 7 officials for disaster management in the BMC. However, I agree that lack of basic infrastructural facilities have become a major problem for the rescue operation squad to operate during accidents and casualties,\" he said.\"The BMC has demanded proper fire-proof gear and a proper uniform for the personnel working for the disaster management squad. Proposal to replace the two fire-fighters which are in use for the past two decades will also be discussed with the mayor in council soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365592", "title": "'Immediate aim to improve Jaipur's sanitation condition'", "text": "City mayor Jyoti Khandelwal talks to TOI on completing three years in JMCWhat do you think you have achieved for the people of Jaipur in the past three years?Various achievements have been made in my tenure, so far. To name a few, development works of approximately Rs 313 crore have been carried out. If previous debts are not included, the financial condition of the corporation has also improved and all the payments of various works till September have been completed. I introduced round table conference meeting concept to expedite the pending works that was appreciated and later adopted by the state government. Similarly, maintaining road history and file tracking system to benefit common man was introduced.Fire-fighting department has been strengthened in my tenure. Moreover, a world class shelter for cows has been constructed at Hingonia Goshala. After a decade, a housing scheme was launched in my tenure.Do you have any concrete plans for next two years of your tenure?My immediate aim is to improve the sanitation of the city. Also, streets lights will be replaced with sodium lights. To benefit the common man, amendments and relaxation will be made so that they may not face any hurdles during the construction of houses. Encroachment, a major problem in the Walled City area will be restricted.Your entire tenure has been marred by controversies. Has this not adversely affected development?Certainly, it was a fight against corruption prevailing in JMC and I believe that we have been able to keep a check on it. The work has been hampered as the BJP committees constituted to carry out development work are not fulfilling their responsibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366457", "title": "Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya workshop concludes", "text": "BHOPAL: The 7th national tribal healers' workshop and exhibition of tribal medicines underway at Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) concluded here on Sunday.While expressing the pleasure over the workshop on the occasion, director of the museum, Prof KK Misra said this is indeed a great occasion and mandate of the Manav Sangrahalaya that the representatives of tribal medicines from 18 states across the country had assembled for the national workshop and shared their immense medical knowledge and indigenous traditional system, thus contributing to the well-being of the community.On this occasion, joint director, IGRMS Arun Kumar Shrivastava, administrative officer, S C S Rawat, assistant keeper, R M Nayal, Sudhir Srivastava and other officials and staff were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365435", "title": "Cyber station ready, but looking for an incharge", "text": "JAIPUR: The state's first cyber police station is all set to investigate online frauds and related crimes, but is caught up in a glitch as the government is yet to find a DySP-rank officer who could be the incharge of the station.The state government has already issued a notification establishing the police station.According to sources, the authorities are looking for an officer who has a profound knowledge of computers, IT Act and is willing to work in the station. Many officers expressed unwillingness because, for them, cyber police station would not be a 'plum posting,' said a source.Sharat Kaviraj, nodal officer, cyber police station, said: \"Everything is ready to make this police station operational. We are just awaiting the appointment of one deputy superintendent of police (DySP) by the headquarters. Hopefully, he would join within a fortnight and with all the logistic support available, we expect the station to start functioning with a month.\"\"We have asked respective police stations to identify personnel who are willing to work in this station. It includes those who already have a bit of technical knowhow on computers. All the selected policemen would be trained at a later stage and would be made well-versed with the IT Act, cyber frauds, phishing , online lottery frauds, email hacking and other malpractices,\" he said.\"For a DYSP rank officer, working at this station would a problem as he will always be unwilling to work at a post of in-charge which is usually given to inspectors. Likewise, the experience of working at a cyber police station would not be as thrilling as it is in other field duties. This is the reason why we have not found a suitable officer. Some willing candidates are still in touch and we will appoint one within a week,\" said an officer with the police headquarters.Asked on the strength of the proposed station, he said: \"It would consist of one deputy superintendent of police who would be in-charge of the station with two investigating officers (inspectors), six sub-inspectors and 24 constables.\"Officials said Jaipur police will also use the services of ethical hackers to solve the cyber crime.According to sources, all registered FIRs on cyber crime would be sent to the cyber police station and at the same time a complainant from any area of the city would be directly able to approach it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17367045", "title": "Hyderabad-Karnatak status: Karnataka Janata Party threatens protests", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka Janata Party (KJP), the new political outfit mooted by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has threatened to stage a huge protest in the state, if the Bill on giving special status to Hyderabad-Karnatak is not tabled in the Parliament during the winter session.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, Yeddyurappa alleged that the Centre and the state government are showing negligence towards implementing Article 371 for their political benefits. The former chief minister also said that the convention of KJP in Haveri on December 9 will change the political scenario in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367661", "title": "CCTV plan a flop from the start", "text": "MUMBAI: Much has been written about the state government's \"ambitious\" plan for a network of 6,000 CCTV cameras across the city not taking off. But was the plan ambitious to start with?Security experts say that for a population of 1.7 crore, 6,000 surveillance cameras would have a negligible presence and are not even 1% of the requirement. The number is not sufficient even if one goes by the city's area. By this yardstick , the average density of the cameras would be only 10 cameras per square km.In comparison, London, a city of comparable spread but with less than half of Mumbai's population, has 4.22 lakh close circuit cameras for the public's safety. And Beijing, a city with a population of 2.2 crore, has over 4.27 lakh surveillance cameras. Then there is Moscow, which has 1.75 lakh cameras for a population of 1.1 crore and Chongquing, which has 5 lakh cameras for a population of 1.2 crore.Within Mumbai, a good example of initiative is that by Zaveri Bazar shopkeepers. Last year, they installed over 250 CCTV cameras, spending out of their own pockets. \"The government should have done this so that the cluster would feed the monitors in the police and civic control rooms. Also, awareness about technical intelligence among cops is lacking,\" said a police source.There is another problem. Senior police officers say a CCTV network can neither prevent nor predict a terror strike. \"It can just help the police solve a case after the occurrence of an incident. Even this is not a given,\" said an IPS officer.Thus, the government's intentions and efforts , however noble they appear, do not seem to have been enough for piecing together the jigsaw puzzle of a creaking, antiquated law enforcement machinery, with only manpower as its tool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372382", "title": "Foot aid secrets", "text": "Here are some DIYs for your cracked heelsCome winter and you'd find most people cursing the season, thanks to their cracked heels. And we know for sure, taking to it to salon for a regular pedicure can sure burn a hole in ones pocket. Here are some DIYs you'd want to try to get smooth, crack-free heels.1. Soaking your feet in warm water every alternate day for about 15-30 minutes is the age old granny's beauty secret. We recommend, you put your fave body wash into the tub of warm water, and soak your feet in it for about 30 minutes. Then, using a sterilised butter knife, gently scrape off any dead skin on your feet or heels (the warm water tends to soften the skin, making dead skin easy to be removed). After this, scrub your feet and pat it dry using a towel, following which apply a foot cream.2. Olive oil is not just for your best dishes, it is great for the foot too especially for cracked heels. Apply warm olive oil all over your foot, including the nails. Massage the area gently. Try this for about four to five days to see the cracks on your heels disappear.3. Here's a foot mask you can try at home. Take a mashed banana in a bowl and add about three to four drops of honey in it. Apply this on your foot and heels after which, cover your feet in a plastic wrap. Leave this on for about ten minutes or more so the feet can absorb the mixture. Rinse off and gently exfoliate using a pumice stone.simi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17369506", "title": "MLA demands air fare revision", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde has written to the union civil aviation minister, Ajit Singh , complaining that all domestic airlines have a minimum base fare starting from Rs 3000 to Rs 4000 but no upper limit in fares when it come to charging the flyer or consumer.\"A ticket to Goa costs Rs 3500 on a normal day and on weekends it goes up to Rs 8000. During the year end, a ticket to Goa goes up to a whopping Rs 80,000 (one way)\" stated the MLA.\"Even the so called Budget Airlines are charging the flyers very heavily.\" said Krishna Hegde. Hegde strongly recommended a cap on the upper limit of airlines fares and said that a regulatory body like TRAI should be set up on the lines of the telecom sector. This should be done on an urgent basis.Hegde has asked the Aviation Minister to take corrective actions so that lakhs of flyers every year are benefited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367486", "title": "Check the fine print in festive home loan offers", "text": "Given the zero prepayment penalty, banks are coming up with attractive schemes to retain borrowers. Find out if you actually benefit before switching to one of these.As credit pick-up remains lukewarm, many banks have launched attractive schemes to woo customers. However, before you fall for these offers, go through the fine print carefully.Cash backICICI Bank has launched an offer under which 1% of every EMI will be returned to the customer. Here's how it works. Suppose, you have taken a loan of 50 lakh for 20 years at an interest rate of 10.5%. You will have to pay 69.81 lakh as interest over the entire tenure and the total cost of the loan will be about 1.2 crore. If you get back cash worth 1% of the EMI, the total cost of the loan will go down by 1.2 lakh. Keep in mind that you will also have to bear a processing fee on the loan amount. So, with the cash back offer, the new cost of the loan will be 1.18 crore. This means that the effective rate of interest will be 10.35%.The fine print:The offer is for a limited period till the end of December and is available only for new customers. The cash will start getting credited only after three years in your ICICI Bank account. Also, the 1% cash back does not apply to prepayments. Besides, the rates are expected to fall in the future. So, compare loan offers based on the rates first before looking for additional benefits like these.EMI waiversAxis Bank has come up with a scheme, wherein a home loan borrower can have 12 EMIs waived if he remains with the bank for 15 years or more. For a customer taking the 'Happy Ending ' home loan of 50 lakh at 11% floating rate, the EMI will be 51,609. This means the waiver will be 6.19 lakh.The fine print:No discounted interest rates are applicable for this scheme. The minimum tenure of the loan is 20 years and you are allowed to prepay the loan as long as the tenure is not less than 180 months. If you increase your EMI later, your loan will be disqualified from the waiver benefit. If you already have a home loan, you can shift to Axis Bank's new scheme but your clock will start at zero so the number of years for which you've repaid will not be considered for the 15-year waiting period. Given that the bank is offering a floating rate of 11%, according to our analysis, for a loan of 50 lakh for 19 years, the effective rate of interest would be 10.75-10 .8%. However, for an advantage of 20 basis points, is it worth holding on to debt for 15 years? Maybe not. Currently , SBI is offering a floating rate of 10.4% for loan amounts ranging from 30-75 lakh. In this case, you will save 40 bps more than that you would with Axis Bank, assuming the rate of interest remains constant for the entire term.Combo loan offersThe SBI, UCO Bank , Vijaya Bank and Central Bank have launched combo loan offers, under which a home loan customer gets a car loan too without having to pay the processing fee. In the case of home loan, the interest rate is slashed by up to 0.5% and the processing fee by half.Should you go for it?In case of car loans, look for the prepayment penalty. The processing fee is only a small part of the home loan cost, so opt for a loan with a lower interest rate, instead of one with zero processing fee.Renewal of fixed rate loansICICI Bank has launched a scheme that allows new customers to renew their fixed rate loans for tenures of 2/3/5 years at a zero conversion fee within 30 days of completion of the initial fixed rate tenure. Borrowers can renew this multiple times till the completion of the tenure.The fine print:If the borrower decides to renew his fixed rate loan, the renewable rate will be decided on the prevailing ICICI Bank base rate (called I-base rate) at that point of time, along with the margin decided at the time the loan was sanctioned. However, if you decide not to renew the fixed rate, by default the loan will move to a floating rate of interes. Keep in mind that this that fixed rates are always higher than floating rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371310", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar does not need any advice on his future: Rajiv Shukla", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar's streak of low scores might have raised a question mark over his future but senior BCCI official and IPL chairman Rajiv Shukla on Monday came out in support of the senior batsman saying one needs to look at his \"colossal record\" before making any comment.\"He will hang up his boots when he thinks it's time for him to go. He does not need any advice on this. Before making a comment on his performance you have to see his colossal record and his past performance,\" Shukla told reporters outside the Parliament adding that the veteran cricketer will come back strongly in the forthcoming matches.\"He will do well in forthcoming matches,\" Shukla said.Tendulkar has been battling poor form for sometime and his last 10 innings have yielded just 153 runs at an average of 15.3, the lowest by an Indian top-order batsman in the corresponding period.The 39-year-old's last three figure score in Tests came in January last year against South Africa.Asked about India's loss to England in the second Test at Mumbai, Shukla said: \"It is sad. After the victory in Ahmedabad the batting line-up could not perform the way it should have. It was a turning wicket and English spinners performed better.\"Shukla, though, said the board will look into the matter and would take necessary corrective measures.\"We will discuss the shortcomings and so will the team management to see how the performance can be improved,\" he said.On the selection of the team for the next two Tests against England, Shukla said it remains the prerogative of the selection committee and nobody should interfere in their domain.\"Selectors are also former players and they will take a call on this. Whom to select and whom not to, it is their domain,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17367424", "title": "Tibetan refugee stabs cop, later turns on himself", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A Tibetan refugee stabbed a police constable at Mcleodganj on Sunday, after which he stabbed himself. Police sources said the accused, 32-year-old Dagyal stabbed constable Rajinder Kumar after a heated argument. He was said to have been under the influence of liquor.Eyewitnesses said the accused had a stone and a sharp edged weapon, which he used to attack the constable. \"Dagyal was engaged in an altercation with another Tibetan refugee near the police security room in the heart of the area. The incident was reported to the police station after which constable Rajinder Kumar was asked to rush to the spot in civil dress,\" Hardev Singh, a police official said.According to the officials, the accused stabbed himself seven times after attacking the constable. \"Both were rushed to the local civil hospital at Dharmasala where doctors referred them to Dr Rajender Prasad Medical College and Hospital, Tanda\" sources said. Police said Rajender is out of danger while Dhagyal is in critical condition. A case has been registered and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17371002", "title": "Pakistan violates ceasefire, targets 10 Indian posts in J&K;", "text": "JAMMU: Violating the ceasefire yet again, Pakistan troops targeted 10 Indian forward posts by firing over 6000 rounds from heavy weaponry along the Indo-Pak border in Poonch district.The firing on Sunday night, which was the heaviest this year, came ahead of the ninth anniversary of the Indo-Pak ceasefire agreement on Monday. The Indo-Pak border truce came into force on November 26, 2003.\"Pakistan troops opened heavy fire with medium machine guns and heavy machine guns on 10 Indian forward posts along LoC in Krishnagati sub-sector of Poonch district last night,\" PRO, defence, S N Acharya said on Monday.They fired over 6000 rounds of MMGs and HMGs from 1940 hours to 2345 hours on Sunday night, he said, adding \"it was heaviest firing by Pakistani troops on Indian posts this year\".\"They have also violated the ceasefire\", he said. Army troops guarding the border line retaliated resulting in exchanges.There was no loss of life or damage to property in the firing, he said.However, due to the Pakistani firing, forest fire along LoC was triggered which the army controlled with the support of locals on Monday morning, he said.On November 20, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire by firing in Gulpur forward area along LoC in Poonch sector.On October 30, Pakistan Rangers had fired with small arms on Indian post of Pindi along international border in Arnia sub-sector of Jammu district.On 19 October, Pakistan troops had fired on several Indian posts along Indo-Pak border in Krishnagati sub-sector. Pakistani troops had also fired on forward border belts of Goutrian and Mankote in Poonch sector on October 17.On October 1, Pakistani troops had fired at Indian posts and Chachwal forward village along international border (IB) in Samba sector of Jammu and Kashmir in which a couple was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370919", "title": "Five Chiranjeevi movies to watch during the weekend", "text": "Give yourself a break from the Bond fervor. Our drawing room conversations can be equally interesting as you pick some of the best Telugu movies of Mega Star Chiranjeevi.There are a number of films to choose from, taking from Challenge to Kondaveeti Donga, but here is one list which every Chiranjeevi fan would like to watch at least once a year during spare time.AbhilashaThis needs a mention definitely. The plot, the onscreen chemistry between Chiranjeevi and Radhika, the spellbinding performance of Rao Gopal Rao up the gripping factor of the crisply edited and finely knit storyline. While the songs with lovely lyrics are an add on, Chiranjeevi, Radhika and Rao Gopal Rao's performances make this movie a must watch.KhaidiAgain the deadly combination of Rao Gopal Rao and Chiranjeevi, this movie is a perfect masala movie that catapulted the actor's popularity to a new high as he portrayed the role of an angry young man to seek justice in his own aggressive way. Madhavi in the lead and Sumalatha in supporting lead add their charm to the film, while the song Ragulutondi mogali poda sees Chiranjeevi and Madhavi create a mesmerizing onscreen visual experience with their dance moves in this song which is sensual yet not vulgar.Intlo Raamayya Veedhilo KrishnayyaA very meaningful movie that discovers the layers in a husband and wife relationship, Into Ramayya Veddhilo Krishnayya has three reasons to become a part of your movie library - one Chiranjeevi, of course. Two Madhavi's convincing portrayal of a headstrong wife. Three - Gollapudi Maruti Rao's wonderful portrayal of an amorous man.RudraveeenaThe title suggests music. And the story also deals with music, but with a twist when Chiranjeevi who plays the central character gives up on his family's musical lineage with one noble motive of reforming men who succumb to alcohol abuse. The story touches all aspects of life and the narrative moves you.SwayamkrushiDepicting the rags to riches story of a cobbler who strives all the way to establish a footwear company, this movie simply capture's the soul of the viewer. Not to mention Vijayasanthi's wonderful performance which complemented Chiranjeevi's subtle yet emphatic portrayal of the protagonist in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365738", "title": "'Alcohol abuse behind rise in liver ailments among youth'", "text": "NAGPUR: Liver ailments have become common among youngsters, say doctors while attributing this condition to growing alcohol consumption among this generation. This was one of the aspects of liver diseases which were discussed at a CME organized by Nagpur chapter of Association of Physicians of India (API).\"Anywhere between 20-40% of all liver diseases in adults are due to alcohol abuse. It is all the more alarming as a majority of those affected are youngsters who lose precious years of their lives due to the disease,\" said Dr Dharmesh Kapoor, a well-known consultant liver specialist from Hyderabad.The only way out, he said, is to make efforts for avoiding alcohol. \"Dependence on alcohol can be due to one's genetic disposition too. So, when someone tries to quit, all possible emotional support should be provided or else there is a fair chance of the person going back to the habit,\" he said. He added that it's a myth that beer or wine is safe, since it also contains alcohol.President of API Nagpur Dr Pradeep Mishra informed that efficacy of wine as a healthy beverage in prescribed quantity has been proven only in case of women. \"The said health benefits are restricted to the consumption of only 1-2 glasses of wine up to four times a week,\" he said.Speaking about the complications that may arise with advancing of liver diseases, gastroenterologist from the city Dr Prashant Bhandarkar said bleeding inside stomach is common but advanced stages can lead to potentially fatal complications. Nephrologist from the city Dr Dhananjay Ookalkar added that a kidney complication coupled with a liver disease is also a fatal condition. \"Transplant is the only option in this case. In some cases, both the organs need to be transplanted, which is a risky preposition,\" he said.Speaking on the role of the government in controlling this situation, Dr Mishra said the government should realize that the excise duty collected from alcohol sales is far less than the amount spent on treatment and management of the diseases caused by its consumption. \"If this realization happens, it may lead to ban on alcohol consumption, like in the case of tobacco,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365743", "title": "Coming soon, triple therapy to make hearts beat longer", "text": "Soon, people suffering from heart troubles can avail of a new therapy. For the first time in India, to resuscitate weak hearts and make them stronger, an Indian-American surgeon will carry out triple therapy-a combination of angiogenesis, stem cells and bypass surgery.Dr Mukesh Hariawala is all set to introduce the \"natural bypass\" in Mumbai's Jaslok Hospital in the first quarter of 2013. The surgery involves spontaneous development of new blood vessels in the heart by laser stimulation and subsequent injection of patient's own stem cells harvested from bone marrow.\"This surgery is like a natural bypass, wherein, we create alternative vessels from body's own functions,\" Dr Hariawala told TOI. He said the surgery is mainly meant for very sick patients, whose blood vessels degenerate over the years-especially those who suffer from diffused disease, which is more common in diabetics.\"We remove the patient's bone marrow, and then the stem cells are separated over the next six to eight weeks. For the triple heart therapy, a hybrid operating suite is required, which would have a combination of a cath lab and operation theatre,\" said the Harvard-trained doctor.Once the patient is taken for the surgery, with the help of laser, doctors perform angiogenesis-the process in which new blood vessels are grown from the pre-existing ones. In this process, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is a signal protein produced by cells that restores the oxygen supply to tissues when blood circulation is inadequate.\"When VEGF is released within the body because of the laser, it forms alternative blood vessels. At the peripheral area where the angiogenesis is performed, we then inject the patient's own stem cells. This patches up or completely restores the blood vessel and the patient will not need further cardiac intervention,\" said Dr Hariawala.The clinical trial for the triple heart therapy has been successfully carried out on 22 patients worldwide. \"Within first quarter of 2013, we will be able to provide this treatment,\" Dr R R Pulgaonkar, chief executive officer of Jaslok Hospital, said.But Dr Hariawala warned that the triple therapy is not the answer to all heart problems. \"Not all patients suffering from heart problems will be able to get this treatment. This is a complex procedure and is done on only those patients, who suffer from extremely degenerated blood vessels and on whom the bypass surgery alone will not work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17365577", "title": "Jawan murders wife, secretly cremates body", "text": "JAISALMER: An Army jawan murdered his wife by pouring kerosene on her body and setting her on fire following a domestic quarrel at Raimala village in Jaisalmer district on Saturday. The jawan, accompanied by his brother, sister and mother then cremated the body without informing the woman's relatives. The police, on learning about the incident, reached the spot, but by then the body had been reduced to ashes. The jawan and his relatives are missing.According to superintendent of police Mamta Vishnoi, the police got information that a married woman, Teepu Kanwar, was murdered by her family members and they silently took the body to the crematorium. Before the police reached the spot, the body was cremated.Deputy SP Shayar Singh, who reached the spot, said Kanwar (28) got married nine years ago to Raghunath Singh (27) at Raimala village. The couple has two girls, aged 5 and 7 years. Raghunath Singh is a jawan of 16 Grenadiers and had come to his village on leave three days ago. It was found that the couple had a fight and on Saturday after which Raghunath Singh along with his family members murdered Teepu Kanwar by pouring kerosene on her.When the police reached the village on Saturday, most of the villagers disappeared but by Sunday some of them returned. The police are currently recording the statement of the villagers.Following the complaint of Prayag Singh, father of the victim, a case under Section 302 and 201 of IPC have been lodged against the victim's husband and relatives.The police are also looking for the victim's mother-in-law Kishan Kanwar and sister-in-law Lahra Kanwar.Ramgarh police station in-charge inspector Mukesh Chawda is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/patna", "code": "17366216", "title": "Rs 6000cr MNREGA funds siphoned off in Bihar?", "text": "NEW DELHI/PATNA: Bihar's rural jobs scheme is marked by open loot, plunder and pillage and the scale and dimensions of the corruption suggest the active connivance of government officials, according to a performance audit by an NGO released here on Saturday.Delhi-based Centre for Environment and Food Security (CEFS), which conducted a performance audit of the scheme under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) in Bihar, said that 73% of the Rs 8,189 crore spent in 38 districts of the state during six years (2006-07 to 2011-12) have been embezzled by the implementing authorities. The amount siphoned off works out to nearly Rs 6,000 crore.Parshuram Rai, founder director of CEFS, said the performance audit was done over nine to 10 months, covering 2,500 households. Over 90% of the sample households covered under this survey belonged to Dalit community (majority of them were mahadalits). The investigation team comprised CEFS director Rai himself and Vikrant Kumar, a JNU PhD scholar, as research assistant.Acting swiftly on the report, Bihar rural development minister Nitish Mishra on Sunday asked the commissioner, MNREGA, to seek detailed report from all 38 districts, including 10 surveyed districts. Talking to TOI, he said letters have been despatched with attachment of the CEFS performance audit report to all DMs and DDCs for cross-checking.The CEFS report says: \"The scale and dimensions of MNREGA corruption in Bihar suggest that this kind of open loot is impossible without active connivance of the block and district authorities.\" It added, \"MNREGA has various inbuilt vigilance and monitoring mechanisms and it is not possible to perpetrate such an open loot of MNREGA funds unless it is participatory and organized.\"\"Disaggregated proportion of wage embezzlement in 10 sample districts is 80% in Purnia, 70% in Katihar, 62% in Begusarai, 71% in Muzaffarpur, 82% in Vaishali, 70% in Nalanda, 79% in Nawada, 63% in Gaya, 85% in Bhojpur and 68% in Buxar district. The average proportion of misappropriation in 10 sample districts comes to 73%,\" a press statement by CEFS said.\"There is open loot of taxpayers' money, there is plunder of rural poor's right to guaranteed wage employment for 100 days and there is pillage of every single norm of democratic governance and public accountability,\" the report said.The embezzlement is done in a variety of ways, one is the wage component, the other is material component,\" said Rai. \"Not more than 40% of the project cost should go to material cost, but they have incurred 80-90% cost on materials ... it is easy for embezzlement in material cost,\" Rai said.Talking to TOI, minister Nitish Mishra said the DMs and DDCs have been asked to send a probe team to all the sample villages mentioned in the CEFS report with the specific task of identifying beneficiaries of job cards and its credentials. If any discrepancies are found, they should be noted. The assessment made by CEFS in its report should also be cross-checked and properly verified, the letter said.The minister also said that a meeting of DDCs is scheduled here on November 30 in which DDCs have been asked to submit Action Taken Report (ATR). He specifically asked them to bring all details about the action taken against erring officials.The apex court has ordered a probe into the jobs scheme in Odisha and Uttar Pradesh following revelations of corruption by CEFS, Rai said. \"CEFS survey report on Bihar will be shortly filed in the SC seeking a detailed CBI probe into the MNREGA scam of Bihar,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370490", "title": "Aadhiram goes to Sandalwood", "text": "It looks like Sandalwood is the new destination for namma Kollywood directors. After Samuthirakani made his debut in the Kannada film industry with Yaare Koogadalli, director Aadhiram has followed suit with Ranathanthra. The Silandhi director says, \"Of late, the boundaries between all the southern film industries are gradually diminishing and the industries are sharing technicians, actors and directors. That's why I chose to test waters in Sandalwood.\" He adds, \"Ranathanthra has Vijay Raghavendra (cousin of the Kannada star Puneet Rajkumar) and Haripriya in the lead. The film is a romantic thriller with many twists and turns. We have already completed the first schedule and we are busy shooting the second. While the music has been composed by M Karthik, who was introduced in Silandhi and has four Telugu films to his credit, cinematography is by Rajesh Yadav of Mazhai , Pokkisham and Lee fame.\" The journalist-turned-director also reveals that he will be known as Aadhiram henceforth. \"I changed my name purely for personal reasons. Though I have not worked as an assistant to any of the leading directors, I consider Ram Gopal Varma as my guru. Hence, I added Ram to my original name, Aadhi,\" he says. Quiz him on the status of his Poorna-Agnishwaran-starrer Naran , which is lying in the cans for a while now, and he says, \"The film has been put on the backburner due to financial constraints.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371764", "title": "Kim, Kanye looking for 'cute' house in London", "text": "Socialite Kim Kardashian and boyfriend Kanye West are reportedly looking to buy a \"cute\" town house in London .The \"Keeping Up With The Kardashians\" star fell in love with the city on her recent trip here and the couple hope to explore their mutual love of British culture by buying a home in the English capital.\"They are fascinated with British culture. They both feel so welcome there and are ready for a change of scenery and new challenge. Kim likes the idea of a cute two or three bedroom town house near one of London's beautiful parks,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.The news comes a month after the couple was seen househunting in Miami.They looked at four waterfront homes in Florida, with all the properties priced between $7 and $10 million.Kardashian, 31, recently praised West and called him as her \"best friend\", that is why their relationship works so well.\"It's so nice to have a best friend in this game who understands everything you're going through. Being with someone I've known for so many years is comforting. He's been there through so many different stages of my life and before I was famous, so this relationship is a different thing entirely.\"It's good to be aware that he definitely doesn't want anything from me too, because he understands the business.\"I can't even think about being with anyone else than the man I'm with,\" she earlier said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366326", "title": "Civic body to earmark hawking zones in Nashik's Development Plan", "text": "NASHIK: Hawking zones in various parts of the city will be earmarked in the Development Plan (DP) of the city being prepared by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). According to civic officials the hawking zones would avoid encroachments on the roads and facilitate shopping in a particular place.The first Development Plan of Nashik city (within Nashik Municipal Corporation limits) had been approved by the state government in 1993. Preparations are on to chalk out a new Development Plan for the next 20 years. The proposal sent by the civic administration in pending with the state government.\"The hawkers' zones are necessary in the city as it serve the people. Considering this, the next Development Plan will include the provision of sites for the hawkers' zone project,\" said an NMC official. There are around 5,000 hawkers across the city and doing business along the roads, but have no authorised hawkers' zones.Deputy commissioner (encroachment) D T Gotise said, \"We have already sent a proposal pertaining to the setting up of hawkers' zones across the city, but the state government has still not approved the proposal. We will start working on the projects once we get an approval from the state government.\"Shantaram Chavan, president of the Nashik District Hawkers and Kiosk-holders' Association said, \"Implementation of the National Hawkers' Policy by the civic administration is necessary. According to the policy, no hawker should be displaced and alternative arrangement be made for all hawkers. The NMC has already given its approval to the National Hawkers Policy. Nevertheless, the encroachments of these hawkers and vendors, who were doing their business opposite Shivaji Mandai for the last 30 years, were razed recently by the administration. Hence, the NMC must implement the national hawkers policy in the limits of NMC and must make rehabilitation of these displaced hawkers and kiosk-holders at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17367055", "title": "One injured by PTR elephant", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A 30-year-old man was badly injured by an elephant late on Saturday in the core area of the Palamu Tiger Reserve.Sources said four or five men, including victim Ansari, came in front of an elephant at Turee. \"While others fled the spot, Ansari stood frozen and started crying in fear,\" said a source adding that the injured man has been referred to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi.Conservator of PTR (core) Premjit Anand said the forest department would do all possible for his treatment. He said this incident was avoidable, had this man shown a little presence of mind. \"Such episodes trigger more hostility and animosity among the locals towards the elephants deepening a further conflict between man and wildlife.\"Anand said after getting the information late in the evening in Betla, he alerted the forest guards and others to keep watch on the elephant.\"PTR's elephants are little tolerant of human being coming in their way. Residents have been repeatedly told to take quick measures to save themselves from elephant attacks - like running out of its sight, standing noiseless or taking hill routes, but never to run on plain lands as elephants are good runners and can frighten anybody with their huge trumpeting,\" the forest officer said.Anand said the PTR had observed \" Gaj Deewas\" (Elephant Day) during Wildlife Week (October 2 and 8) as to create more awareness about the elephants among the locals asking them not to take any more chances with elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365980", "title": "Whistleblowers face death threats, but cops cool", "text": "HYDERABAD: Brutal murder of two RTI activists this week in Mumbai and Bangalore is scaring whistleblowers in the city and elsewhere, who said they are receiving death threats but the police are sitting on their complaints.While an RTI activist was stabbed 27 times in Mumbai, another in Bangalore was shot dead from close range this week, police said. These incidents have scared activists here who say laws protecting their lives are constantly ignored.The Andhra Pradesh government in 2010 issued a circular, which directed the police and civil administration of all districts to provide protection to RTI activists from threats. However, the order remains only on paper without any implementation by authorities while RTI activists keep on complaining of threats from land grabbers, corrupt officials and sand mafia.D Ganapati Raju, a farmer from Lingarajupalem in Visakapatnam district was threatened three days ago for illegal sand mining, months after he was brutally beaten up by criminals. \"There are large sand deposits near a creek where Varaha river enters the sea. The sand here is being mined and transported illegally. I wanted to stop it because if the sand is taken out then the sea water would enter five villages flooding the land up to 3 km,\" Raju, 63, said.Pursuing this issue continuously proved costly for Ganapati as seven people surrounded him and thrashed him one day. \"But I still fight against mining and a couple of days back, the same people tried to physically manhandle me and threatened to kill me,\" he said.N Srinivasa Rao is another RTI activist from Markapuram in Prakasam district. He has been making rounds of home department and district administration to get security since more than two years after being attacked. He was attacked by five men after he tried to expose the rampant corruption in the police department and was threatened with elimination as recently as four days back. \"Recently I tried to get information under RTI on what action was taken on some of the influential people of the district caught in a gambling den. But since then I am receiving death threats,\" Rao said.Four days back a police official called me and threatened to eliminate me, and I recorded the conversation, he said. \"I have made up my mind that I may die and told my daughter to fight on the issues even if I am no more. What is the use of the circular and orders of the government when they cannot act even after so many complaints,\" said Rao.There were other activists who voiced their concerns and said the government should do something about their complaints. However, the local police said they had rendered all possible support to the whistleblowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366565", "title": "395 nikah held on second day of Ijtema", "text": "BHOPAL: Muslim clerics from across the globe preached about the life and teachings of Prophet Muhammad on the second day of the Tablighi Ijtema (Islamic congregation) at Intkhedi, here on Sunday. Keeping up the tradition about 395 nikah (marriages) were solemnized during the day.The nikah were solemnized by Maulana Zuber after the Asr prayers. The three-day Ijtema would end on Monday after the grand dua (prayer) for world peace that would start at 11 am.The second day of the congregation started with the sermon of Maulana Shokat from Delhi after the Fajr prayers. The second sermon was delivered after the Zohar prayers by Maulana Ismail from Godhra while the third and last sermon was delivered by Maulana Ahmed Laad after the Magrib prayers.Ijtema organizing committee spokesman Atiq-ul-Islam said, \"Over 500 jamaats from various parts of the world and country have brought over 6 lakh devotees to participate in the Ijtema.\" The jamaats include clerics from India and about 25 countries including Russia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Tajikistan, France, Morocco, Bangladesh, Iraq, UAE, Sri Lanka and South Africa.During the Ijtema, Islamic scholars including Maulana Zubair-ul-Hasan (Hazrat ji), Maulana Saad, Maulana Ahmad Laat, Maulana Shaukat, Maulana Ismail, Maulana Shareef (Barabanki), Maulana Chirghuddin (Jaipur) and many others will deliver sermons on the teachings of Quran and on the Islamic Shariat (Law).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "17367060", "title": "Man axes wife, ends life", "text": "BAGALKOT: A 40-year-old man committed suicide after allegedly axing his wife to death at Jakanur village in Jamakhandi taluk on Saturday.The deceased are Basappa Walikar and his wife Tayavva Walikar, 35. Basappa used the same weapon to stab himself.The couple was childless. Dispute over financial issues is said to be the reason for the extreme step. Jamakhandi rural police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368001", "title": "Man drives car into pump staffer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An employee of a petrol pump, Pardeep Kumar, 23, was injured when a youth refuelled his car but sped away, ramming his vehicle into him when he was asked to pay.There was another boy and a girl in the car.The incident took place around 4pm at the Sector-33 pump. Police have registered a case mentioning the registration number of the car.The injured Kumar is admitted to GMCH-32 and his condition is stated to be stable.In his statement to the police, Kumar said, \"The car was being driven by a youth, while a girl was sitting on the adjoining seat. The driver got fuel for around Rs 1,000 and when I asked him for the money, he put his foot on the accelerator and escaped after driving the car into me.\"Inspector Diwan Singh said a case under charges of rash and negligent driving has been registered, while adding that the car driver would be traced soon. The registration number of the car was noted down by other employees at petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17371915", "title": "Ponty Chadha murder: Namdhari expelled from BJP", "text": "DEHRADUN: Sacked Uttarakhand Minorities Commission chairman Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, arrested recently in connection with Ponty Chadha murder case, was today expelled from the BJP.Namdhari has been expelled from the party following his arrest in connection with the Chattarpur farmhouse shootout in which controversial liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep were killed, state BJP chief Bishan Singh Chufal said.Even otherwise, Namdhari was not an active member of the party, Chufal said.Namdhari was a member of the BJP and it was during the party's government in Uttarakhand in 2010 that he was made the chief of the state minorities commission.Ever since his name surfaced as an eye-witness in the Ponty Chadha murder case, speculation was on about his possible expulsion from the party.However, state BJP leaders had been evasive on the issue saying that the party's action will depend on the outcome of the ongoing probe into his alleged role in the shootout incident.Delhi Police has alleged that Namdhari had opened fire at Ponty's brother Hardeep during the shootout at Chattarpur on November 17 in which both the brothers were killed. However, Namdhari had said that he did not fire at Hardeep.A pistol allegedly used by him during the shootout at Chadha's farmhouse in South Delhi has been recovered by investigators from his residence in Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367867", "title": "Inter-caste swayamvaram brings joy to many in search of love", "text": "CHENNAI: Maragatham Thanikachalam, 29, who has just finished her teacher training, spent more than seven hours with her parents at Periyar Thidal on Sunday in a bid to find the man of her dreams.She was all ears as the organizers at an inter-caste swayamvaram by the Dravidar Kazhagam (DK) called each of the men, who had registered with them for marriage and read out their profiles and requirements.\"I have identified four or five of the proposals, as the men are a little older than me and have good jobs too,\" she said. She plans to get the men's profiles from the organizers after the event.Maragatham, who belongs to the Adi-Dravida community, heard about the swayamvaram being organized for the first time in the city through pamphlets that were being distributed. It was around the same time, that she and her family learnt about the inter-caste clashes that erupted in Dharmapuri after an inter-caste love marriage. \"That is when I decided that if I ever get married, it would be to a person from another caste,\" she said. Her parents who initially were taken aback by her decision to attend the event also gave their consent.More than 290 single men and women like Maragatham had registered themselves for the event. \"A total of 89 women and 188 men have registered from districts and towns across the state such as Vellore, Dharmapuri and suburban Chennai,\" said K Isai Inban, a member of the campaign committee. The event that began a little after 10am saw the organizers call the men and women onto the stage and state their preferences. It went on well after 6pm.Vetrimani, a 30-year old software engineer who came with his entire family for the event, said that his would be the third-generation inter-caste wedding, if it happens. Belonging to a family of Periyar followers, he said: \"Both my grandparents, 70 years ago, fell in love and got married. My parents too had an inter-caste marriage. Now I intend to follow in their footsteps.\"The swayamvaram was followed by marriage functions conducted for two couples who are entering an inter-caste relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17366026", "title": "Tenders for upkeep of green belts", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has invited tenders worth over a crore for maintenance of green belts in Sectors 35, 37, 38A, 39, 67, 71 and DSC road. Officials said maintenance contracts will ensure that green belts are further developed. \"The city is developing at a rapid pace and if a conscious effort is not made to keep the city green, then we will have a major ecological problem,\" said a horticulture department official.Earlier this year, the Authority had changed the land use in the Master Plan 2031, increasing the green cover in Noida from its current 14.9% to 16%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17365953", "title": "'Bad English' stalls Kurti gram sabha", "text": "PONDA: The Curti-Khandepar gram sabha was deferred without any business being done on Sunday. Around 400 villagers who gathered objected to confirming the minutes of the last gramsabha on the grounds of 'improper' English.Villagers created an uproar over the minutes writing and sought a clarification from sarpanch Deepa Naik, and were irked when the sarpanch could not answer their queries.Deputy sarpanch Nagesh Naik revealed that villagers stressed that they wanted to hear from the sarpanch and not from any other member. Several other panch members tried to pacify the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370123", "title": "Sona Walia returns with Krazy Heer", "text": "PTC Award winner Sona Walia is back with her brand new single 'Krazy Heer'. Sona Walia teams up with Tejwant Kittu again. This team previously brought you the global hit 'Akhiyan', alongside international superstar, Apache Indian . The huge success of 'Akhiyan' lead it to be featured in Eastenders in December 2009.Born and raised in Jalandhar, Punjab, Sona Walia is a vocal music graduate and has been guided by classical vocalist Prof. Baldev Narang since entering the music industry. Sona Walia released her debut album 'Resham Di Dori' in 2008, on VIP Records and went on to win awards at the PTC Punjabi Awards and at the UK Bhangra Awards in London .The second album by Sona Walia entitled 'Kuri Punjaban', which was again produced by Tejwant Kittu, was released in 2010. The success of both of her albums lead to her being recognised on a wider scale, she also received an award for her contribution to Punjabi culture through Punjabi songs in March 2010 at The House of Commons by The All Party Parliamentary Group in Britain. If that's not enough, Sona Walia hosted one of the biggest Punjabi singing contests in Punjab, in 2010 'Voice of Punjab' for PTC Punjabi. She also performed at The Royal Wedding, the marriage of Prince William and Kate Middleton in 2011. Sona Walia has also been supporting charity organsations through musical art and has toured in worldwide including; Dubai , India, Spain, Canada, Begium and France (just to name a few)The brand new single, Krazy Heer, is taken from her forthcoming album. The lyrics have been penned by Harinderjeet Waraich and the video has been shot in Film city in Mumbai by Kittu Productions. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366021", "title": "Illegal water connections: No FIR filed in 2012 so far", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) plan to lodge police complaints against people for taking unauthorized water connections doesn't seem to be working.According to information collected from the BMC's hydraulic department there has not been a single FIR this year; in 2011, 56 police complaints were lodged only from the M-east ward (Chembur, Trombay). The highest number of police cases were lodged in March 2011 when 27 cases were reported.The M-east ward has been infamous for people having unauthorized water connections and illegally breaking water lines and drawing water from it for commercial purposes. Most people who run the city's illegal tanker lobby operate from this area.The BMC, in 2009, had announced that they would be lodging police complaints against those found to have taken illegal water connections. That year, the city experienced water scarcity due to a poor and delayed monsoon and the BMC contemplated cutting back water supply by 50%.Senior civic officials say that they are going slow in lodging police complaints against those taking unauthorized connections as they are short-staffed to pursue the cases. A civic official added that the investigation following a police complaint is time-consuming and offenders are eventually let off with a paltry fine in most cases. \"If it is proved that those taking illegal connections are selling water from that source to make a profit then we will lodge a police complaint immediately,\" a senior civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372099", "title": "Ashutosh happy to be a part of Yeda", "text": "Press conference of Marathi film 'Yeda' took place recently. The event was organised at Goregaon in Mumbai. Ashutosh Rana was present at the press conference. He said he is really happy to debut in a Marathi film and has high expectations from the film.Kishori Shahane Vij, Kishore Belekar, Satish Pulekar and many others were present at the do.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17366262", "title": "India to defend its rights at Doha talks", "text": "DOHA: The Indian negotiating team in Doha will not be looking to score any big victories at the climate negotiations starting on Monday but to ensure that it does not lose ground. Unlike the previous annual UN climate talks, in Qatar, environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan is tasked to defend the battle lines India drew at Durban last year and earlier.With the developed world losing its appetite to either make a greater contribution to reducing its emissions or to transfer funds to the developing world, for countries like India, the Doha round of talks is set to be a battle of attrition. India would be asked to pay yet again for a bargain it made with the developed world at Durban talks - starting talks for a new post-2020 deal in return for the rich countries keeping Kyoto Protocol alive beyond 2012.The primary risk at the talks would be to India's agriculture and its farmers. At Doha, the 194 countries will gather to decide if and how short-lived emissions of methane from rice-fields can be controlled. Methane, when released in the atmosphere, heats it up but it remains, like several other 'short-lived gases' in the atmosphere, for a little while before disintegrating.The developed countries will push that the world first address these short-lived gases that predominantly come from the developing world, instead of addressing the more trenchant carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels.A large push is also expected to come asking India and other developing countries to increase their voluntary pledges of reducing emissions.India has already committed 20-25% reduction below 2005 levels of energy intensity of the economy by 2020. Along with other developing countries like China, these voluntary pledges add up to more action than what the rich world has so far promised. Yet, a strong attempt will be made to get India and other poor countries to do more. An enhancement of pledge could shave off a substantial bit from the country's economy, Indian government's early estimates have shown.The Doha talks will also see an attempt to whittle down the existing principles of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change in the negotiations over a new global deal which is to be finalized by 2015 and operationalised by 2020. The EU is keen to delay its existing commitment to operationalise Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012 and link it to how the basic elements of the new global compact are shaped.Doha will see if the emerging economies, along with other like-minded countries, can counter EU and push for an unconditional operationalisation of Kyoto Protocol, which requires them to make a paltry reduction in their emissions over the next few years.The EU and other developed countries will try to chip away at the existing firewall between obligations of the developed world and the poor nations in the talks over the new deal. There will be a strong attempt to de-link the commitment from the rich over transfer of finances and technologies to the global ambition for reducing emissions between now and 2020 and in the new post-2020 deal.So little is expected of the developed world that even a line in US President Barack Obama's victory speech admitting to the need to address climate change is been seen as a great leap for mankind. Despite Obama's one-off admission, the US has not indicated any change to its minimalist pledges.Unless the US comes out of its recalcitrance or the EU actually becomes a 'green leader' instead of merely selling itself so, Doha is set to become a run to the bottom. In it, India's challenge will be to ensure it does not cede ground it had fought hard for last year at Durban.Burning issues at Doha1. Will the level of cuts undertaken by the rich world to reduce greenhouse gas emissions be increased or would developing world be forced to take more burden2. Will India have to undertake new targets to reduce emissions from agriculture and other specific sectors3. Will India have to give in more to get EU to operationalize Kyoto Protocol4. Will Obama-2 bring any commitment on finance or emission reduction from US5. Will the new post-2020 global treaty be based on equity6. Will the rich world force the world to trash existing discussions on finance, technology, unilateral measures and other issues of the developing world.Country lines: How some of the key countries and groups are placed at Doha* EU -- In no mood to increase its low target to reduce emissions under Kyoto Protocol. Want the elements for the new global deal and a timetable to be ready before it ratifies Kyoto Protocol 2.* Small Island states (AOSIS) and Least Developed States (LDC) - Want to increase the emission reduction levels even before 2020. Not bothered about the firewall between developed and developing world. Want money.* US - Wants to shift onus on developing world by asking for cuts in short-lived gases like methane from agriculture and refrigerant gases. Silent on its own meager commitments* India - No increase in existing voluntary targets. Equity and other principles to remain intact. End to unilateral trade measures by rich world.* China - Wants the firewall intact between rich and poor world. Wants West to do more to cut emissions.* Like minded groups - Keep the issues of developing economies alive in the talks* Africa group - A higher ambition level to cut emissions but Kyoto Protocol must be signed immediately by rich world", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371644", "title": "Ensure passage of Article 371 for Hyderabad-Karnataka region development: CPI(M)", "text": "TIMES NEWS NETWORKMANGALORE: The state unit of CPM has demanded the passage of proposed amendment to Article 371 to include Karnataka in the schedule for providing special status to Hyderabad-Karnataka region in the ongoing winter session of the Parliament. The party has also exhorted state units of Congress and BJP to stop scoring political brownie points on the issue and work unitedly for the overall development of the backward Hyderabad-Karnataka region.GN Nagaraj, state CPM secretariat member told reporters here on Monday that the Central government is within its powers to amend Article 371 to confer special status on the region. However, the provision of creating a statutory development board for Hyderabad Karnataka and vesting powers of monitoring implementation of the development works proposed under the board with the Governor is an affront to the Federal structure of the country.The centre should not usurp autonomy of the state under the guise of funding development of Hyderabad-Karnataka region, Nagaraj said, adding the state government should have the right to decide on the pace and course of development works in the region. A letter by the state government to the Centre had taken exception to some of the provisions in the proposed amendment to Article 371 leading to a slanging row between BJP and Congress.The Parliamentary committee on home affairs headed by M Venkaiah Naidu had advised the Centre to consult the state government before moving the proposed amendment to Article 371. This reported 'advise' had riled former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa who reminded the BJP leader through the media that he (Naidu) was elected to the Rajya Sabha from Karnataka and that he should work to protect overall interests of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17368759", "title": "Salman takes his unit on a shopping spree", "text": "The shooting of Arbaaz Khan's Dabangg 2, after its last schedule in Dubai , was finally wrapped up. But unlike other film units, the crew celebrated this completion in a unique way. Letting go of the usual party routine, the film's crew went shopping in the mall capital of the Middle East. What's more, lead actor Salman Khan , on learning about the plan, decided to join them. This is what followed...\" Bhai had just finished shooting for the song Saanson Se sung by Sonu Nigam. The next morning everybody went for shopping.He called the crew and told them that it would be his treat,\" a source told TOI.So Salman along with his team of bodyguards accompanied the rest of the crew to the mall. On reaching their destination, Salman declared: \"You shop, I'll pay.\"The crew was however, not too surprised by their hero's generous offer. \"Salman is known for doing these little things for everybody around him.On the sets, he even ensures that everybody has eaten properly,\" said our source.And thus, with Salman by their side, the crew members went on a shopping spree. And as per Salman's orders, no one thought about the bill before picking up what they want.\"There were 15-20 crew members. They picked up a lot of stuff - clothes, shoes, belts, watches and more. After a point in time, Bhai joined in as well. He picked up a few things for himself too. The bill, when it appeared, ran up to a few lakh. But Bhai did not even blink before paying,\" the source added.As for the onlookers at the mall, it was a treat as well. \"The other shoppers were excited to see their favourite Khan shopping at the mall. Salman is very popular in Dubai, more so after Dabangg , in which one song was shot in the city. A lot of people asked him for autographs and also to pose for pictures with them. Bhai was in a very good mood and readily posed for pictures with his fans,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365413", "title": "Deals worth 58 million USD struck at Vastra-2012", "text": "JAIPUR: Deals worth an estimated 58 million USD were struck at Vastra 2012, an international textile and apparel fair, which ended at the EPIP, Sitapura Industrial Area here on Sunday. \"It has been a good beginning and we have to think about how to take the gains forward,\" said Sunil Arora, principal secretary industries and chairman, RIICO.\"In five years' time we should be able to transact business worth 750-1000 million dollars if we put in place what is required. Active participation from the entire fraternity of textile centres of Rajasthan will easily help facilitate that\", Arora said.Talking on the occasion, Naveen Mahajan, managing director, RIICO said that the figure of 58 million USD was an advance estimate till evening of November 24 and it is expected that the figure would rise as more exhibitors and buyers will file their final report by the end of the concluding day. \"The response from the textile community has been overwhelming. There was also a record of 3m128 B2B sessions where serious discussions took place which are expected to convert into serious deals,\" he added.Over 360 buyers from 61 countries participated in Vastra -2012, which would now be organized annually. Vastra-2013 is likely to held in the second half of next year. \"We were successful in our core mandate to provide a platform for a serious interface between our exporters and foreign buyers in the textile sector,\" said an official.Awards were also given in five categories. The winners were Shipa Decor for 'aesthetically designed stall', Ratan Textiles for 'range of products', R V Exports for 'best ethnic category', Ahuja Overseas for 'best contemporary presentation' and Banswara Syntex Ltd for the 'best manufacturing unit'.EomJaipur: Deals worth an estimated 58 m US Dollars were struck at Vastra 2012- An International Textile and Apparel fair, which ended at the EPIP, Sitapura Industrial Area in Jaipur on Sunday.\"It has been a good beginning and we have to think about how to take the gains forward,\" said Sunil Arora, principal secretary Industries and chairman, RIICO. \"In five years' time we should be able to transact business worth 750-1000 mn dollars if we put in place what is required. Active participation from the entire fraternity of textile centers of Rajasthan will easily help facilitate that\", Arora said.Talking on the occasion, Naveen Mahajan, managing director, RIICO said that the figure of 58 m US Dollars are an advance estimate till evening of 24 November and it is expected the figure would raise as more exhibitors and buyers file their final reports by the end of the concluding day. \"The response from the textile community has been overwhelming. There were also a record 3128 B2B sessions where serious discussions took place which are expected to convert to serious deals,\" he added.Over 360 buyers from 61 countries participated in Vastra -2012, which would now be organised annually. Vastra 2013 is likely to held in the second half of next year. \"We were successful in our core mandate to provide a platform for a serious interface between our exporters and foreign buyers in the textile sector,\" he saidAwards were also given away in five categories. The winners were Shipa Decor for 'Aesthetically designed Stall', Ratan Textiles for 'Range of Products', R V Exports for 'Best Ethnic Category', Ahuja Overseas for 'Best Contemporary Presentation' and Banswara Syntex Ltd for the 'Best Manufacturing Unit'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366640", "title": "Six train passengers robbed near Madha", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified youths robbed six women passengers on the Mumbai-Nagercoil Express of gold ornaments and cash near Madha railway station on the Pune-Solapur route on Saturday night.The government railway police (GRP) of the Kurduwadi railway police station told TOI that the incident took place around 8 pm when the train halted at a crossing near Madha. The women were in the ladies compartment which is the last coach of the train. \"Two youths forcibly entered the coach and threatened the women passengers with sharp weapons,\" said GRP sub-inspector Mohansinh Chavan.Chavan said the youths, aged between 20 and 25, snatched a gold chain worth Rs 10,000 from one of the passengers, Vidya Shashank Mane (36) of Solapur. They then forced the other women to hand over ornaments and cash. \"After robbing cash and ornaments worth Rs 35,000, they jumped off the train.\"Mane has lodged a complaint with the Kurduwadi railway police. Of the six passengers robbed, five are from Solapur, while the sixth, Jayashree Pagare, is from Chinchwad.Chavan said the police have launched a search for the culprits.A senior GRP officer told TOI that there was total darkness at the spot where the train had halted. \"There was a bandobast of armed policemen on the train, yet the suspects entered the train and robbed the passengers,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17367544", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar's average in last 10 innings 15.3", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar was dismissed for 8 on Sunday, marking 10 innings since he last scored a 50. In this period, he has scored a total of 153 runs (avg 15.3). This is the lowest average of any Indian top-order batsman over the last 10 knocks.Pujara averages 79, Kohli 61, Sehwag 40 and Gambhir 27. Dhoni averages 37. Even R Ashwin , who bats at No. 8, has scored 303 runs at an average of 38.In Tests, Sachin averages a ton every 6.2 innings. But it's now 28 innings since he hit his last ton (146 vs South Africa, Jan 2011) - the longest he has gone without a ton. The previous longest was 17 innings in 2005-07.Sachin has proved detractors wrong and bounced back from barren patches before. All Indian cricket lovers will be hoping he does so again soon and returns to form, all guns blazing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370272", "title": "What made Kritika Kamra go crazy in Hong Kong?", "text": "Actress Kritika Kamra who is popularly known as Dr. Niddhi in Kuch Toh Log Kahenge, recently had a gala time shopping for shoes in Hong Kong .The actress had been invited to visit the country and loved her holiday experience of sightseeing in Hong Kong . Of course, the actress went sightseeing. \"The day would start early,\" she recalls. \"The place has so much to see. We first went to the Peak that offered the beat view of the skyscrapers and the vast skyline. I love taking pictures and I had a great time doing that at the Tsim Sha Tsui Promenade, which is near the harbour and has a lovely view. Then we went to the Avenue of Stars as well.\"But while she enjoyed the city's attractions, Kritika also loved shopping there. She made a trip to the various shops and to the Ladies' Market on Tung Choi Street which has stalls of clothes, knick-knacks and other bargains. And something made her go quite crazy too. She reveals, \"I found such lovely shoes there. I started trying on a few and must have bought half-a-dozen pair of shoes. I would have loved to buy more, unfortunately my luggage was full and so I could only carry so many. I bought handbags too,\" she laughs. Looks like she's quite a shopaholic!ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369533", "title": "Shooting with Hopkins scared Johansson", "text": "Actress Scarlett Johansson says she was scared acting with co-star Anthony Hopkins in movie \"Hitchcock\" as she could not forget his serial killer role in 1991 movie \"Silence Of The Lambs\".The recently released movie stars Hopkins as Alfred Hitchcock and Johansson as Janet Leigh .\"You have to be brave to get into the shower and face Anthony Hopkins as Hitchcock jabbing you in the face with a 12-inch kitchen knife,\" Star magazine quoted Johansson as saying.\"As much as he is a pussycat, Anthony is terrifying. Maybe I watched 'Silence Of The Lambs' too much when I was a kid,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367027", "title": "Two suicides in a day shock Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The city woke up to the news of two suicide cases on Sunday.A 20-year-old college boy Vivek Kumar committed suicide by hanging himself from a hook in the ceiling of the bathroom late on Saturday night. The boy was depressed as he could not pass his BSc Part I examination, results of which were declared on Saturday. Lalan Prasad found his son hanging with a muflar round his neck when he woke up in the morning to go to the bathroom.J K Singh, investigating officer of the case, said, \"The boy had failed his BSc Part I examination. He was upset about it.\"A case of unnatural death has been registered with Jagannathpur police station here.A worker with Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC), Lalan Prasad lives in Sector II in the HEC colony.\"Vivek had his dinner with us last night. He was little upset but not that depressed about his failure. I still don't know why he took such an extreme step,\" said Lalan Prasad.\"The boy has left no suicide note,\" said Anil Kumar . The body of the deceased has been sent for autopsy.In another case, 22-year-old Rajesh Agrawal hanged himself at an under construction building on the premises of Marwari College under Hindpidhi police station here.Altough the college was closed, its gates were open for classes of IGNOU which are conducted on Sunday. The deceased used plastic rope to hang himself from one of the beams of the under construction building.Pramod Kumar Singh, officer-in-charge of Hindpidhi police station, said the boy hails from Hazaribagh and was living here with his uncles at Lake Road.\"Agrawal was jobless and used to roam around. It appears to be a case of suicide. The boy did not have any dispute or animosity with anyone,\" said Singh.Police said the boy may have committed suicide in the college because he had no space for the activity at home.\"The family members of the deceased are not rich and live in a small house. It is quite likely that the boy did not find a place for suicide at home because of which he did the same outside,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371128", "title": "The men in Khakhi are back", "text": "While the masal movies continue to make big at the BO, the men in uniform are making a come backBollywood is one industry that heavily relies on trends, and the latest pick of the season is the men in khakhi. As the movies take the masala entertainment route with high drama action sequences and over the top story lines, the heroes take on the fight with the bad guys in uniform. The heroes of the past like Amitabh Bachchan , Rishi Kapoor and Shatrughn Sinha did their part being the cop, the new age heroes are reliving the trend in a new avatar.Ajay Devgn: He sent shivers down the spines of the reigning gundas in Singham. The film was a blockbuster hit crossing the 100 crore mark yet again making the original action hero in Ajay Devgn. Filled with crunchy dialogues and typical south Indian film style action, the film won the fancy of action lovers.Akshay Kumar: He was rowdy, he was powerful and he was a cop. The Khiladi beat the life out of his enemies with non-chalance and the film again made good profit with the all the masala including catchy songs, rhyming dialogues and the typical Prabhu Deva choreography. Akki is also seen asa cop in his upcoming film Khiladi 786.Aamir Khan: The perfectionist is back as a cop in Talaash and he assures this movie will bring back the suspense thriller into the mainstream Bollywood. Donning a new, serious look, Aamir Khan's Talaash have high hopes pinned on the film as it is the next biggest release after Jab Tak Hai Jaan and his only film after two years.Salman Khan: Chulbul Pandey is back in the squeal to Dabangg 2 and this time the entertainment, the songs and the masala seems to be going a notch up. The handsome hunk, though, hasn't played the cop many times, his portrayal of Chulbul Pandey has been spot on. It's time to wait and watch what the mega entertainer has in store for his fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365718", "title": "2 held for killing roommate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested for allegedly murdering their roommate. The victim, Rajpal alias Raj, had apparently stolen and circulated the contact details of a Bihar-based woman with whom the duo had private chats, which angered the men, police said on Sunday. On November 23, Rajpal's body was found at a park in the Kamla Market area. He was identified with the help of a tattoo on his hand, cops added.While two of the accused, Hevbi Lal and Devender, have been arrested, hunt is on for a third accused, Vijali Paswan. The accused, who had invited Rajpal to have drinks with them, allegedly slit his throat when he got drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372279", "title": "I look like my brother after hair cut, says Hathaway", "text": "Anne Hathaway , who shaved her formerly long brunette locks into a choppy buzz cut for role in Les Miserables, feels that new hairstyle makes her look like her older brother, Michael.The 29-year-old actress revealed at a screening for the movie in New York on Friday that she was initially terrified to look in the mirror after cutting her hair but was comforted to see a familiar face.\"When I eventually looked in the mirror, I just thought I looked like my gay brother,\" UsMagazine quoted her as saying.But it seems the actress now loves her pixie cut as she recently told the December issue of Vogue magazine that she plans to keep it.\"I love the short-haired lifestyle. I'm turning 30, and-I hope this isn't obnoxious to say-I feel prettier, and much more myself. I guess I just feel much more satisfied with less now,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369414", "title": "Umesh Shukla wants to wait before making OMG sequel", "text": "There is pressure now on Shukla to do a sequel to 'OMG' right away. And the pressure comes from a very powerful corporate house pleading on a very significant reversal in religious ritualism precipitated by 'OMG'.Explains Shukla, \"This Diwali there has been a drop of 10-15 percent in the amount of donation given by the junta for poojas . I am told my film is responsible for curbing the obsessive tendency towards ostentatious religious rituals. I am being offered any amount of money to do a sequel where I say it's okay to believe in God and to spend money in his name. But I am not giving in. I think the religion industry in our country got shaken by the impact that OMG had on the minds of the masses. I wanted to take the guilt away from the pure bliss of believing in God. If one morning we forget to recite the Hanuman Chalisa we spend the whole day feeling guilty and trying to find space to somehow fulfil the broken ritual. Why should religion be a compulsion?\" Both Shukla and Paresh Rawal are keen to do a sequel to OMG . But Shukla wants to wait. \"I don't want to get typecast as the director who attacks religious dogma in every film. Next I want to do a film on the current scams and how consumerism has taken hold of our psyche. I also want to do a film on the man-woman relationship and how it tends to be misconstrued in modern times. As for OMG2 I want to carry it forward only when I am confident of the plot for the sequel.\"Shukla says there were pressures to make the film larger than life . \"I successfully fought off those pressures although I had only one not-so-successful Dhoondte Reh Jaoge behind me. I was told to add colour and breadth to the chawl. I said, no thanks. I was told to make the Ganpati sequence stronger by 200 extra junior artistes. I cut the demand shot by arguing that the way I see my chawl the Ganpati would be the size that I imagined it to be, no bigger no smaller. It's easy to succumb to the pressure of making a film larger than life. But that's now how I saw my story.\"Shukla also deviated considerably from the play. \"In the film the protagonist Kanji dies at the end. So the last 35 minutes of the film marked a complete departure from the play.\" When asked if his next film would be based on an original script Shukla quips, \"Even OMG is original. I took only the basic idea of a man suing God from an Australian film.The rest of the story was mine.That my film has touched audiences on such a massive scale puts a big burden on me. Now what I do next would be carefully scrutinized. One thing is for sure. I don't believe in brainless entertainers.And I'd never entertain them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17367425", "title": "Former chief minister opposes elephant corridor project", "text": "MANGALORE: Former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Sunday opposed the elephant corridor project saying that he is against any project that affect people adversely.Speaking at a function organized by Malnad Jana Hitarakshana Vedike and Malnad Joint Action Committee against Pushpagiri sanctuary and elephant corridor, Gowda said he will raise the issue during the Belgaum session and adopt a resolution to abandon the proposals. ``My government will not build a monument on others grave,'' he said.Gowda added that he had told the forest minister that the state government should go ahead with any of its plans only after meeting and eliciting the opinion of people from 18 villages. ``The forest minister has assured that he will act according to my suggestion, which means the state will never take a position against you,'' he said.Earlier, the prestigious Unesco World Heritage Site (WHS) tag was bestowed on the Western Ghats, one of world's biggest bio-diversity hotspots. But under pressure from MPs and MLAs from Malnad region, the then chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda wrote to the Centre to withdraw the status in what they termed it as in the best interest of people and development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17367925", "title": "Law to protect transgenders\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rights stressed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The makers of the film 'Ardhanaari' stressed the need for a law to improve the living conditions and to protect the interests of transgenders in India. At a news conference held here on Sunday, Santhosh Souparnika, the director of the film, said that during the making of the film he came across more than 5000 hijras in Thiruvananthapuam. \"We often forget the 'third sex'. It is sad that our Constitution has never thought of giving any kind of consideration to them,\" he said'Ardhanaari' deals with the plight of the transgenders. \"There are many among us who might seem to be normal but have the traits of transgenders. They hide their feelings and mingle with the rest out of the fear of being isolated. Many live with their family as good husbands,\" said Santhosh.The director also said that his film has only tried to bring to light the neglect and harassment the third gender faces.He also explained the difficulties the film faced in receiving the censorship certificate as it had a sensitive theme. Actors Kavi Rajan and Mahalakshmi also attended the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370408", "title": "Jumpingenres' take on love", "text": "'Pyaar' is a track that features an urban, new age take on a love song. Production involves use of live Tablas, Guitars, Rhodes Piano &amp; Keyboards complemented by passionate heart-felt vocals in Punjabi by debut vocalist Vicky Singh.Sounds featured in Pyaar will evoke a sense of nostalgia, sure to bring to mind the first time you fell in love with that special person. Spread the love! Genres within the music industry demand change and progression as time goes by. In the music universe pioneers such as Frederic Chopin , Miles Davis , Quincy Jones , John Williams, Charanjit Ahuja, Squarepusher, Sukshinder Shinda and countless others have helped shape the music we listen to.There is a new pioneer on the horizon. JumpinGenres is ready to carry the torch and bring music to the next level. After perfecting his formal sound engineering skills at Tribeca Flashpoint Academy and spending endless hours experimenting and exploring with world instruments and renowned music aficionados, he is ready to create the new outer edge of what we call modern music.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366490", "title": "Cops open fire after scuffle", "text": "BHOPAL: A policeman opened fire after a row with another policeman at Nehru Nagar wine shop here late on Sunday night. The bullet was shot in the air and no one was injured, the police claimed.The police said Deepak and Ashish reportedly scuffled in an inebriated state at the wine shop after which one of them opened fired. One othem is posted in Rajgarh distict while the other is with Bhopal range DIG. The fire was opened by Deepak, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367073", "title": "Homeless of Islam Nagar mourn their fate", "text": "RANCHI: For residents of Islam Nagar, it was a day of double mourning on the 10th day of Muharram on Sunday. Thousands of displaced men, women and children arrived at Islam Nagar to mourn the martyrdom of Imaam Hussain Ibn Ali and their miseries.Social activist Md Shakeel, who has been fighting for rights of people evicted from Islam Nagar, said, \"The high court ordered rehabilitation of the displaced people in Islam Nagar within 13 months. However, 20 months have passed and people are still forced to spend their nights on streets. Previous year in Muharram we tried to display the miseries of displaced through tableau. This year people decided to observe mourning.\"Muharram marks the anniversary of the Battle of Karbala when Imam Hussain ibn Ali, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad, and a Shia Imam, was killed by the forces of the second Umayad caliph Yazid I.The event is marked by arranging majalis (gatherings) to review Islamic teachings and to commemorate Imam Hussain's sacrifice.Muharram was observed throughout the city and thousands of people came out on streets from various colonies and assembled at Albert Ekka Chowk. Tazia, or tableaux, were made in the form of many famous mosques.A mosque of Malasia was made in the Tazia taken out from Bazar Mohalla and Rehmat Colony while residents Hathikhana colony made the mosque of Waris Piya Devasharif, UP. The mosque of Azmer Sharif was made in Dhobi Mohalla, Charminar was made in Mani Tola and Mosque of Mecca Sharif was made in the Tazia of Perftoli.Young men performed stunts with lathis and swords while the little boys dressed up as sheikh and girls dressed up as angels cheered at the display of stunts. Musical instrument players were called from Kolkata, Delhi and Mumbai to perform in the procession. Md Shadab, a young boy said, \"I love the music and also the stunts performed. I will also perform stunts with sword during Muharram when I grow up.\"Thoroughfares in the city were blocked and policemen were placed at important points to avoid any kind of mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366298", "title": "Mayor promises burial ground in new development plan", "text": "NASHIK: The new development plan will set aside a place for a burial ground, mayor Yatin Wagh who visited various burial grounds along with leaders of the Muslim community recently, said.Several corporators and civic officials visited Peer Mina, Jehangir Masjid at Chowk Mandai, Rasool Baug, Khadkali, Shahajani, Shalimar Chowk, Kazi, Pakhal Road (Dwarka) and Gausiya Masjid, Wadalagaon kabristan.Most had problems that need immediate attention, the religious leaders and caretakers said. They showed the mayor around. Wagh said all the works will begin soon.After discussions with the religious heads and caretakers, he instructed the officials to do the works related to their respective departments. He said cleanliness of the grounds, availability of electricity and water, hall for reading namaz will be done. \"The new development plan will have provision for burial ground,\" he said.Corporators Gulzar Kokni, Sufi Jin, Haribhau Lonari and others accompanied the mayor. City engineer Sunil Khune, Executive Engineer S Y Pawar, Health Officer Dr S G Hiray, Divisional officer of East Division P K Bagul and other officials were also present for the visit. The leaders said the city lacked adequate burial grounds. Most are concentrated in central Nashik. Of the one lakh Muslims in the city, around 80,000 are in central Nashik. Peer Mauna, Rasool Baug and Sajani Kabristan are private burial grounds given by Kokni and other Muslims.Quotes:Some places reserved for burial grounds have not been utilised for the purpose. A former corporator had constructed a building and his office in the place reserved for a burial ground near Sarda circle. It was constructed on Saraswati nala. Now the mayor and the city engineer have promised that land will be reserved for a burial ground in the new development plan. We want a cold storage for keeping unclaimed bodies.Sufi Jin I NCP corporator, prabhag 26Considering the way the city is expanding, it has become a necessity to include a burial ground in the development plan. Most are private places. According to the need and based on the population, the place for reservation of burial ground in the DP has to be decided. But places like Rasool Baug and Koknipura in central Nashik are not available for expansion.Mayor Yatin WaghBurial grounds- Rassol Baug Kabristan, Ganjamal Signal- Sajani Kabristan, near GPO- Peer Mauna Kabristan, Koknipura- Jehangir Kabristan, Chowk Mandai- Kazi Kabristan, near Nagji Hospital- Gausiya Kabristan, Wadala- Kabristan near Pandavleni, Pathardi- Kabristan at Vihitgaon, Nashik Road'- Kabristan at Deolali CampWhat ails them- No security or caretaker- Poor cleanliness- No electricity- Lack of water supply- Bad road conditionsWhat they need- Appointment of one security and one caretaker on contract- Cleanliness will be maintained by the caretaker- Room for watchman- Road construction towards the burial grounds, particularly Rasool Baug- Provision for light and water- Proper place for bathing unclaimed corpses and a cold storage- A 'janaza hall' (hall for the dead) where namaz is read", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17366130", "title": "Surgeons' three-day conference begins", "text": "PURNIA: The three-day 32nd annual conference of Bihar Chapter of Surgeons was formally kickstarted by eminent Patna-based surgeon Narendra Prasad on the sprawling campus of Vidya Bihar Institute of Technology, Purnia, on Sunday.Prominent among those who were present on the inaugural day were Dr Parthasarthy (Coimbatore), Dr Anil Poddar (New Delhi) and Dr Tamanash Chowdhury (Kolkata). Nearly 300 surgeons from across the country are likely to participate in the three-day conference.On the inaugural day, six complicated operations were performed on removal of kidney stone, gall bladder stone and others through laparoscopic method, Dr O P Saha, organizing chairman of the conference, informed.Many patients who were earlier referred outside will have the benefit of getting operated literally at the doorsteps during the conference. The surgeons will not only present papers but also share their experiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366432", "title": "Dumped by builder,residents complete project", "text": "KOCHI: Setting an example for those who lost their investments in real estate scams, residents of the Sreebhadra Apartment, Tripunithura, completed the project after the builder discontinued the construction work. On Sunday, the completed project was handed over to its owners.The construction of the building had ceased in 2007-08 after the builder cited paucity of funds. Work was resumed in March 2010 under the supervision of a five-member committee constituted by those who invested in the project. The building, which has 46 flats, was finished recently.Apartments in the complex were priced in the Rs 15-25 lakh range depending on the floor area. While 10-12 buyers made full payment, others had paid up to 50% of the price. \"Only the structure was ready when the builder stopped construction activities. An adhoc committee, constituted to study the next course of action, decided to go ahead with the construction under the supervision of a five-member committee. The committee gave guarantee to all investors. People who had not made full payment were asked to deposit the rest. We also ensured the availability of various raw materials at a discount,\" said P S Gopalakrishnan, the president of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368059", "title": "A doctor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s world view comes through words, images", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If art is a solace, science is a means to find that. This is what Dr Meenu Singh, a PGI faculty, puts across in her collection of paintings and poems which try to unravel the paintings in her newly released book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"The crackle of leaves\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsome words and images.\"The doctor, who is famous for her being the first Indian to review zinc and its effect on reducing the duration of common cold worldwide, finds a connect between her medical research on the one hand and her paintings and poetry on the other hand. The book is interspersed with medical terms like asthma , protoplasm and enzyme. The book has a collection of her 38 paintings by the doctor and her two daughters, who are medicos at Maulana Azad College and at the AIIMS.The paediatrician had been collecting her paintings since 1974 and also storing her daughters, Shreya and Manvi's drawings for long. \"I am inspired by W B Yeats' translation of the 'Gitanjali.' Working in the PGI, I seldom get time to pen a few lines, however travelling for conferences and workshops have been providing me some tranquillity to write,\" smiled Dr Meenu.Some of the paintings date back to 1974 which have been done in England, US and India. And through every painting, she has attempted to tell a story. But how did poetry and painting come for a medical student who had been almost buried in medical books? \"My dad was into literature and we had a huge library of books. My daughters have also been encouraged to splash their hands in colour and let their creativity flow,\" said Dr Meenu.Poetry comes as a tool of expression for the doctor who in one of the poems writes-- \"The call of my wheel is what will pull me out of my bed. Steer my little patient out of the cycle of disease and disability...\"There are moments of empathy for patients and also personal moments of revelation regarding her identity. At her stay as a fellow in the Oxford , the professor discovered her pride in wearing sari, something that has found expression in one of her poems -- \"Until one lonely day I thought my six yards may give me some solace. A car stopped next to me. Are you an Indian? The look of reverence or of pride...but a sign of my identity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370805", "title": "Meet Super Boudi", "text": "Q's next film is about a woman leading a dual life.His Roman holiday over, Q is back to work. And he is super thrilled! The Gandu maker's next is a superhero film, which he has named Super Boudi . While Rii has been roped in to the play the boudi in the flick, the filmmaker is not ready to reveal the rest , just yet. Q, whose movie, Tasher Desh competed at the Cinema XXI section of the Rome International Film Festival, is currently in Mumbai for a performance of Gandu Circus, he told CT, \"Yes, I'm making Super Boudi . It's in the pre-production stage. The film will be mounted soon, though shooting is not likely to begin before September.\" Super Boudi is a satire, at the heart of which is a woman leading a dual life. \"She is a boudi in real life. But that's not all. There's also a hyperreal world to which she belongs. She is one with superpowers. There's a feminist perspective to the storyline, which we are currently developing,\" the director says. Rii, meanwhile, is taking ninja lessons in Bengaluru. \"Right now, she is in Kolkata, but Rii will again be going back to Bengaluru for the training. Beyond that, nothing can be revealed yet,\" says Q.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370878", "title": "Bhoot pishima\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s here", "text": "With Mousumi at the helm of affairs, it's a laugh riot on the sets of Goynar Baksho.For the first time in her career she has been shooting overnight since the past two days. But Mousumi Chatterjee is happy as long as she gets to hear a 'perfect shot' from the director. Mousumi, who is playing Pishima in Aparna Sen's Goynar Baksho , produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, says, \"I have always been a trouble-maker on the sets and I think Rina di (Aparna) has got a lot of courage to cast me again in her film after The Japanese Wife,\" Mousumi laughed adding, \"I started with Balika Bodhu , then did Ogo Bodhu Sundori and now, I play the bhoot bodhu sundori .\" Mousumi admitted that Konkona is one of the finest actresses she has worked with so far. \"She is a spontaneous actor. Konkona, who plays Somlata, is the only person who can interact with the ghost Pishima. Later, Srabanti (Konkona's daughter) gets to see Pishima in her dreams,\" reveals Mousumi, who loves to shoot in Kolkata, her baper bari . Saswata Chatterjee who plays Somlata's husband, Chandan, says, \"We've recently shot the scene where Konkona and I are going to meet Pishima to seek her blessings, just after the wedding ceremony. Mousumi di a fantastic co-actor and fun to work with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17368746", "title": "Five killed in Hyderabad film shooting shed fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five people were killed after a massive fire that broke out in sheds during film shooting spread to a nearby residential building at Poppalaguda on the city outskirts on Sunday night, police said.Police said the fire broke out in sheds erected for shooting of a film and the flames engulfed nearby apartment. The tragedy occurred at Sriramnagar colony at Poppalaguda in Ranga Reddy district.State home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy, who rushed to the scene, told reporters that five people including two women and a seven-month old child were killed. Three people, injured in the fire, were shifted to hospital.After battling for nearly two hours, two fire tenders and fire fighting personnel managed to douse the fire, which engulfed four floors of the apartment.A short circuit is believed to have caused the fire.The home minister and Cyberabad police commissioner D Tirumala Rao supervised the rescue and relief work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369254", "title": "Bollywood biggies at Advani's birthday bash", "text": "L K Advani and his wife's joint birthday party on 21 November at their Delhi residence hosted by their efficient daughter Pratibha, turned out to be one of the biggest and most well-attended parties. While all the senior BJP members showed up to wish the couple, Hema Malini who is very close to Advaniji did a no-show.However Shatrughan Sinha amply represented the film industry. Shotgun breezed in and breezed out, as post-surgery he is not allowed to be in public places for too long. Also present from the film industry were Raj Kumar Hirani and Madhur Bhandarkar . Hirani, we hear, is going to be spending a lot of time in the Capital's political corridors to research for his next film, P.K . While other details of the very well-organized and attended bash for the Advanis is being kept a secret we can tell you there was a tree on display on which all the guests were requested to write and hang their thoughts on Advaniji. We can also tell you that some notable politicians shied away from doing so, their writing skills being far from satisfactory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366136", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board to post weekly report of effluent treatment online", "text": "MUMBAI: Come January, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) will have to post on its website a weekly report on the performance of central effluent treatment plants (CETP) installed across the state-owned industrial estates.The order was issued by a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Anoop Mohta last week in an intervention plea filed by the Tarapur Environment Protection Society (TEPS). The society which runs the CETP at the Tarapur Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) had filed an intervention plea in a PIL filed by former corporator Nicholas Almeida on pollution of rivers by the discharge of untreated effluents and the setting up of hazardous industries close to the river.The society in its petition pointed out that while the installed CETP had the capacity to treat 25 million lt of effluents daily, the actual daily discharge by industries in the area was 45 million lt.\"It is, therefore, apparent that an alarming situation is prevailing in MIDC, Tarapur, where 20 million lt of industrial effluents is being discharged without any treatment by CETP,\" observed the bench.Tarapur is approximately 135km from Mumbai on the western railway. The treated effluent is discharged into the Navapur creek while the untreated effluents are clandestinely discharged into open drains which flow into the creek.The division bench directed the MIDC to control the consumption of additional water by industries from unauthorized sources such as borewells and tankers. MIDC was also told to provide information to the society on the hazardous industries in the area. The MPCB would also need to provide similar information to other organizations that maintain CETPs in other industrial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370500", "title": "Mani Ratnam is a cinematic genius: Abhishek Bachchan", "text": "Having worked with Mani Ratnam in 'Raavan', 'Guru' and 'Yuva', actor Abhishek Bachchan says the ace director is a cinematic genius.Abhishek, 36, who proved his mettle as an actor with the 2004 hit 'Yuva' after delivering 17 poorly received films, recently read the book titled 'Conversations With Mani Ratnam'.\"I have just finished reading 'Conversations With Mani Ratnam' by Baradwaj Rangan. If you enjoy Cinema, then you must try and get a copy of this book. A great insight into the mind of (someone I consider) a cinematic genius,\" he tweeted.Listen to Abhishek Bachchan songs on Gaana.comAbhishek Bachchan recently read the book titled 'Conversations With Mani Ratnam'. Though Abhishek, who was highly praised for his role in 'Guru', did not get any award for the film, his father Amitabh Bachchan says it is one of the best performances delivered by his son.\"Sat with Abhishek and caught 'Guru' on DD, and still filled with pride on his performance, the film and its making... teary at end! Not a single award came his way for 'Guru '... I console him by saying not a single award came my way for 'Deewar' ,\" Big B tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365745", "title": "Pit on road sparks dengue fear", "text": "BANGALORE: A crater in the middle of thoroughfare has been causing civic breakdown on Krishna Temple Road, Dodda Bommasandra, near BEL Circle, off Outer Ring Road. The huge pit turns into a cesspool whenever it rains. Combined with smalls heaps of garbage that dot the road inviting scourges of mosquitoes, the milieu has turned into a perfect breeding ground for dengue .Bhuvaneshwari C, a resident from the neighbourhood, told TOI that this particular road has not been blacktopped for months on end. \"Besides, a dug-up in the middle of the road is a major concern. The road is not motorable and the pit does not sport any warning signs to pedestrians and drivers,\" she added.She said there have been several instances of senior citizens falling in the ditch. Residents are clueless on which utility has dug up the road.BBMP control room authorities said the road falls in the Dodda Bommasandra ward. However, Dodda Bommasandra corporator MV Pillappa denied that the road came under his jurisdiction and said he would not know anything about this road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367617", "title": "Time for innovation", "text": "A new design innovation centre in Delhi University is all set to facilitate innovations at the UG level. Aaditi Isaac reports.Delhi University (DU) has got an approval from MHRD to establish a Design Innovation Centre (DIC), which will be set up at the Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC), DU. This centre will facilitate innovations at the undergraduate level.\"The DU centre will innovate and initially have labs in electronics, digital fabrication and modeling and stimulation . These labs will primarily be at the CIC and other distributive centres. Later, CIC plans to have a rapid prototype lab as well. The labs will focus on developing computer-aided design, graphic image development and concept generation in areas such as advertising, urban infrastructure, electronics and mass communication. The projects carried out in these labs will be available to students in the form of electives,\" says Madan M Chaturvedi, director, CIC, DU.As per the proposal of National Innovation Council, four such design innovation centres will be set up in IIT-Delhi , IIT-Bombay , IIT-Guwahati and IISC Bangalore. These centres will work on the basis of the 'Hub and Spoke' model.\"This centre will bring together the society, academics and industry to look for viable options that can make an impact on the society . The focus of the centre at DU would be on helping students to come up with innovative projects/ prototype models , which can be marketed successfully or can be used in the industry,\" informs Chaturvedi.The DIC will have a major thrust on innovation in education . The courses running at CIC (BTech in innovation with mathematics &amp; IT, Meta College concept-based course - BTech in humanities and Meta University concept-based course - Master of mathematics education) have an innovative curriculum. There is a need for curricula at the undergraduate level to be regularly updated and have social relevance. Teachers and students must work on real-life problems and look for a way to make an impact on the life of the people. Setting up the DIC is a way to encourage undergraduate research and also look for real-life solutions,\" says Chaturvedi.As of now, students who have enrolled for the courses at CIC will have access to DIC at DU. \"We are also hoping that students from DU colleges can be part of this centre,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368038", "title": "Passport office fined Rs 15K for incomplete info", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Regional Passport Office (RPO), Sector 34, has been found to be deficient in service for not providing complete information, sought under the Right to Information (RTI) Act. Besides the RPO has also been asked to pay a compensation of Rs 15,000 to the complainant in the case by the district consumer disputes redressal forum here.The complainant N K Dhooper, 69, a resident of Ghaziabad, in his complaint against the RPO, Chandigarh, said that he was a senior citizen and had sought services from the opposite party under the RTI Act, through an application dated April 27, 2011. He claimed that the RPO was deficient in rendering service in its response dated May 30, 2011.Dhooper had sought information on the status of another person's passport from the RPO office but he was not given complete information. \"The opposite party deliberately supplied incomplete and misleading information in response to my application and denied vital information by unnecessarily claiming exemption under Section 8(1)(j) of the RTI Act, 2005,\" said the complainant.The complainant's lawyer had relied upon an old case that was decided by the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Delhi, in the case of 'S P Thirumala Rao Vs Municipal Commissioner, Mysore city Municipal Corporation', wherein the commission had held that the applicant under RTI Act is a consumer.\"Due to the rendering of deficient services, I had to incur avoidable heavy litigation expenses in a high court case. I also suffered unnecessary physical and mental harassment besides other heavy financial expenses,\" stated Dhooper.The opposite party while contesting the complainant's claims, contending that the complainant does not fall under the scope and ambit of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986. It was stated that the request for information under theRight to Information Act, 2005, was duly answered, without any delay.After listening to arguments and going through the cases quoted by the complainant's lawyer, the forum maintained that the complainant is a consumer and the required information sought on payment under the RTI Act should be provided. The forum maintained, \"We are of the view that the actions taken by the RPO, on the administrative side, on the information asking for, cancelling or impounding the passport of a person, who has been impleaded in a criminal case, is bonafide information that could not have infringed upon the privacy of such a person. The complainant on whose request such an action was sought was well within his rights to seek information about the action taken.\"The complainant and the public at large, cannot be denied such information, said the forum. The forum said the complainant was not supplied complete information, which amounts to deficiency in service. It directed the opposition party to pay Rs. 15,000 as compensation on account of deficiency in service and causing mental and physical harassment to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400248", "title": "Teen kills 11-year-old", "text": "AURANGABAD: The MIDC Cidco police booked on Saturday a 17-year-old boy for allegedly killing an 11-year-old girl. The girl allegedly threatened the suspect of exposing the affair between him and the victim's elder sister. A case of murder has been registered.Talking to TOI, investigation officer and in charge of the MIDC Cidco police station, Ganpat Darade, said, \"Around 4.30 pm, the victim saw her 16-year-old sister and the boy cosying up in their house when the elders of the family were out, and threatened them that she would tell their parents about it.\"Fearing this, the suspect allegedly killed the girl by strangulating her with a scarf. She died on the spot. After the autopsy, it was revealed that she was strangulated to death. \"During investigations, we found that the death was not a natural one and it was a murder,\" Darade said.The case has been registered on the complaint by the victim's elder sister, who witnessed the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369532", "title": "Aamir's strategy for Talaash release", "text": "No excessive amounts of publicity is going into the release of Reema Kagti's 'Talaash'. And with reason.We now learn that the master-strategist Aamir Khan has chalked out a deliberate plan with producer Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar to let 'Talaash' be the most under-hyped film of the closing months in 2012.Says a source, \"When the marketing for Talaash was being discussed Aamir felt over-selling the film would damage it. Aamir felt it isn't a film that renders itself to flamboyant hype. Aamir sat with Ritesh and Farhan after the completion of the recent schedule of Dhoom 3 and devised a subtle marketing blueprint for Talaash .\"The director Reema Kagti agrees the under-marketing of Talaash is deliberate. \"We are sandwiched between Jab tak Hai Jaan and Son Of Sardaar on one Friday and Khiladi 786 on the next Friday. All these three are big extravagantly-hyped films.We had two choices. Either we made ourselves heard louder than these biggies, which was impossible. Or we spoke in a much quieter tone than our competition.We've chosen the latter option,also because we can't speak too much about the film without giving away the suspense,\" explains Reema as she prepares for another bigger fight.The sms rogues are trying to give away the suspense in Talaash . Among the all-knowing sms-es being sent out , there's one claiming that Aamir Khan is the murderer in Talaash . Spoilers on sms and the internet purporting to give away the suspense in Talaash leave the director Reema Kagti unfazed. \"I'd get seriously worried if any of these spoilers were anywhere near the truth. But they're way off the mark. So I am not really bothered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366272", "title": "Patna to host over 800 shuttlers", "text": "PATNA: The city has been the lucky launching pad for badminton players like Olympic bronze medalist Saina Nehwal who had won her first national title (sub-junior U-16) in the Government Physical College badminton hall in Rajendra Nagar in 2002 and her first senior national crown here in 2007.The city is again ready to host more than 800 rising shuttlers during the 26th National sub-junior and mini badminton championship to be played in the Secretariat badminton hall from December 1 to 7. Players from Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh , West Bengal, Odisha, Assam, Mizoram, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat, Goa, Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland besides hosts Bihar are likely to compete on the five synthetic courts of the badminton hall, said secretary of Bihar Badminton Association, K N Jaiswal.Shubham, Amrish, Kunal and Akash Deep will carry the hopes of the hosts in the championship which is likely to see top ranking players in the under-13 and under-15 categories in action during the week-long event.Jaiswal said 250 to 300 players would compete in the qualifying round, to start on December 1, for finding a berth in the top 32 to play in the main round which would have around 400 players from different states. There would be altogether 600 matches in the main round of the Rs 6 lakh prize money championship which would start on December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17372401", "title": "Indian team for Kolkata, Nagpur Tests to be picked Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian squad for the third and fourth cricket Tests against England to be played in Kolkata and Nagpur will be picked here tomorrow, the BCCI said on Monday.\"The selection committee meeting is to be held tomorrow (in Mumbai) to choose the teams for the next two Tests,\" informed Cricket Board's secretary and meeting convener, Sanjay Jagdale.If captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni , who will be part of the selection panel discussions without a vote along with coach Duncan Fletcher , has his way, not many changes are expected in the composition of the squad for the next two games.\"Not much. We have replacements but you don't chop and change or rotate the players just on the basis of one or two Test matches. You have to give them a fair run. That's what it's all about,\" Dhoni said after India suffered a humiliating 10-wicket loss in the second Test here.\"Otherwise we will keep changing players in every game. So it's good to give the players a fair amount of games so that they are also comfortable and are not thinking about the selection,\" said Dhoni.Indian spin trio of Pragyan Ojha , Ravichandran Ashwin and Harbhajan Singh allowed rival captain Alastair Cook and Kevin Pietersen to rattle up a double century stand to help England cross 400 on a helpful track in the second Test.This may provide some thinking on the part of selectors to have a look at the option of a leg-spinner being drafted into the squad to provide the spin department more variety and the front runners if this view gets support are Amit Mishra and Piyush Chawla.The star-studded Indian batting also failed to click, barring Cheteshwar Pujara's classy 135 in the first innings total of 327 and Gautam Gambhir's return to some form in the disastrous second innings with an innings of 65 out of 142.But, with Dhoni exuding confidence that his batsmen will come to the party for the remaining games, there may not be many changes in this department too.The third Test begins from December 5 while the fourth Test will be played between December 13 and 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17365987", "title": "Now, 'disrespectful comment' ends meet", "text": "MAPUSA: The gram sabha of Anjuna village was abruptly stopped after a gram sabha member allegedly passed a disrespectful comment over the dressing etiquette of the village sarpanch.Some of the gram sabha members also claimed that the panchayat body \"just needed a petty reason\" to conclude the meeting as it did not wanted to face the people.A gram sabha member allegedly passed a sarcastic comment over the dressing style of sarpanch Pratima Govekar during a site inspection in the past which annoyed the panchayat members and some of the women members at the meeting, which provoked the panchayat body to call off the gram sabha.Villagers also countered the panchayat body over lack of seating arrangements for them as they had to stand during the gram sabha on a day of fasting due to 'Tulsi Vivah'.There was also chaos over holding of the gram sabha on a day of fasting as Sunday was the day of 'Tulsi Vivah' where Hindu women had to observe a fast with a ceremony to be conducted at their residences. There were heated arguments exchanged over this.Panchayat member Sheetal Dhabolkar pointed out that the gram sabha should have been postponed as the women were busy with the rituals. \"Some of the panchayats had postponed the meet requesting BDO in view of 'Tulsi Vivah', but this panchayat continued holding it despite villagers having problems in attending,\" Dhabolkar said.The gram sabha started with the confirmation of the minutes of the previous gram sabha. A villager, Michael D'Souza, raised the question whether the panchayat received any revenue from the signboards and advertisement boards put up by hoteliers.\"Over the past three gram sabhas, we have been raising our voices to collect tax on the signboards and advertisements put up by the hoteliers and other commercial establishments. Why the panchayat is depriving itself of the rightful revenue,\" D'Souza said.\"Henceforth, we will see that while issuing the licences, we will collect tax on the advertisement boards,\" deputy sarpanch Savio Almeida said. \"All the illegal advertisement boards will be removed,\" he added.The panchayat also passed a resolution that they will take up tree plantation and a 'grazing land project' in the village.The villagers raised their voices over illegal hutments which the panchayat assured to take action against. A resolution was passed that no development will take place at the Anjuna lake without making people aware about it.Villagers pointed out that under the guise of developing the lake, its natural beauty was destroyed. Deputy sarpanch Almeida said that till the public was made aware about what development will be taken up at the lake, the panchayat will not issue any NOC for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365621", "title": "Mayor completes 3 years, expectations remain", "text": "JAIPUR: The first ever directly elected mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and ward councillors will complete their third year in office on Monday. However, in these three years, tiffs on minor issues and bad blood among the mayor, the councillors and the administrative officials have turned Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) into a political battleground severely hampering development work in the city.In the past three years the city has only witnessed garbage being thrown on public representatives and officials at JMC and garbage littered on the streets. Frequent suspension of council meetings, transfers of CEOs and scuffles among councillors in the house hit the headlines. Development work was zilch and escalation in public apathy is always evident at JMC.A series of conflicts between the BJP councillors, who are in majority in the JMC, and the city mayor have earned the corporation a bad name. It depicts lack of coordination and credibility. This animosity is reflected in all the general body meetings of the JMC that have been held in these three years. As per the data available with TOI, 15 general body meetings were held and 208 proposals tabled, out of which only 60 have been passed in the meetings.Moreover, with mayor Jyoti Khandelwal levelling corruption charges against the administrative officials in public has discouraged them from implementing development work. So far, six chief executive officers (CEOs) have been transferred in three years. The mayor has also lodged complaints in the anti corruption bureau (ACB) against the CEOs several times.\"The common man is suffering because of the politics in the JMC for the past three years. The mayor and the councillors have diverted themselves from development of the city and the condition has gone from bad to worse. The mayor has the power to sanction Rs 1 crore for repairing sewerage work and road repairs, etc; even if the board is does not approve the proposal,\" said former mayor Ashok Parnami.Criticizing the mayor for venting her anger against officials in public, Parnami said, \"For the past so many years, officials are the same. The mayor should encourage them to implement development work.\"Due to internal differences and weak implementation, the corporation has also failed to collect its target revenue for the financial year 2010-11 tenure and has already incurred a heavy debt of Rs 450 crore. As a result, underdeveloped parks, potholed roads, defunct waste management systems are the outcome.Most importantly, the JMC failed to provide clean environment for the city residents and so far has proved incapable of disposing of the municipal solid waste (MSW). As a result, Jaipur stood 230th in the Union ministry's ranking of 423 Class-I cities vis-a-vis sanitation conditions in the country.Deputy mayor Manish Pareek claimed, \"In financial year 2008- 09 during the BJP tenure the development work of Rs 271 crore was carried out, while, only in financial year of 2011-12 development work of only Rs 71 crore has been carried out.\" He added, \"Even, after imposing the sanitation charges the city is not clean.\"Councillors claimed that work orders of only Rs 16 lakh for every ward councillor were released by the JMC as per the 2009-2010 approved budget, which is markedly low for new development work. In 2010-2011, development work of Rs 25 lakh was done in every ward. Similarly in 2011-12, Rs 35 lakh has been approved for development work in each ward. However, many alleged that the budget was not sanctioned despite approval; also the money approved is very less for development work.\"The money is distributed unevenly and this year no money has been sanctioned for my ward,\" said councilor of ward number 38 and Congressman Sanjay Verma.Councillors even claimed that the mayor's style of functioning has been often criticized as too loud for the councillors who on the other hand have been too adamant and stopped several proposals that were meant for the development of the city.As for instance, a proposal of Rs 6 crore for repair of sewerage lines was turned down in the recent 14th general body meeting. The repair work is crying for attention since long. \"Approximately Rs 110 crore sewerage work was done during the previous tenure. Also, the JMC had prepared a Rs 200-crore action plan to seek assistance under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM); however, nothing has been done in this regard,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17366008", "title": "Muharram passes peacefully", "text": "HYDERABAD: Muharram passed off peacefully on Sunday in the Old City. Though people thronged to witness the Bibi-ka-Alam procession, the crowd was much less compared to last year.In Charminar, witnesses said, many stayed away due to recent bouts of tension. Also, large police deployment in the area to thwart trouble forced people to stay away. Many said they preferred to keep out of trouble and not get caught in clashes between the police and protestors like in the past week.Sunday began with devouts offering their respects to alams installed in their houses and nearby Ashoorkhanas. This was followed by 'majlises' (meeting) where a narration of the incidents of battle of Karbala and eulogies for those who were martyred in the battle. The meetings concluded with 'maatams' (chest beating and self-flagellation). After noon prayers, individuals started off with their respective processions and later joined the main procession. The main procession from Bibi-Ka-Alawa in Dabeerupura started off at 1pm and made its way quickly through to Charminar by around 2.30pm.Observers said that the crowd was much smaller this time compared to last year. Regular tension in the recent past, particularly around Charminar area, kept crowds away, witnesses said.Traffic restrictions announced earlier were diligently regulated by the police who kept a watchful eye on the day's proceedings. At Charminar, South Zone DCP Akun Sabarwal, who arrived astride a horse, presented the Dhatti (offering) to the Alam (standard) bearer atop elephant Rajini. The elephant was followed by mourners chanting \"Ya Hussain\".Charminar remained closed for visitors until the procession had crossed Gulzar Houz. En route, volunteers at 'Sabeels' (water stalls) provided water and 'sherbet' (cool drinks) to the mourners. The procession continued towards Qadm-e-rasool, Etebar Chowk and arrived in Dar-ul-Shiffa where offerings were made by mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain and Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma.At around 6.30pm the procession reached its destination - Ashoorkhana Bait-ul-Azan, near Masjid-e-Ilahi in Chaderghat. The Alam was symbolically rested and transported back to its resting place - Bibi-Ka-Alawa, where it shall remain until the next Muharram.In the evening, majlises and public gatherings continued with narrations and eulogies for Hazrat Hussain and his companions. The 10th day of Muharram highlights the period of mourning for Shias but the mourning period itself for the devout continues for another 58 days where they abstain from all forms of entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17367202", "title": "Trained elephants to keep wild ones at bay", "text": "HASSAN: It seems the forest department has finally woken up to elephant menace in Sakleshpur and Alur taluks of Hassan district. Following several protests and complaints over the issue, the department has brought two trained elephants from Kodagu, hoping to chase away wild jumbos back to the forests.Though some of the officials are currently camping near Yaslur forest area with the newly-bought elephants, villagers are not yet convinced. Some of them even feel that it is just another decision to hoodwink them and the real issue still remains unaddressed.The elephants - Prashantha and Vikrama - are brought from Dubare and Kushal Nagar in Kodagu. The authorities have decided to camp at Yaslur forest area first because elephant menace is severe in this locality. Villages in this Western Ghat region have witnessed several deaths in the recent past due to frequent elephant attacks. The official apathy in curbing elephant menace has forced villagers to launch series of protests against the government and forest department officials. This has forced the authorities to come up with some solution.However, villagers still feel that nobody can offer a permanent solution. \"At least, the forest department has opened its eye and taken a step to control elephant menace. With Prashantha and Vikrama around, wild jumbos have stopped straying into our villages. But once the duo leaves for Dubare, we really fear the region will again see elephant attacks,\" said Yogesh, a resident of Yaslur.Experts feel that bringing in trained elephants to rein in wild jumbos is hardly a solution. \"Even though they can be shooed away for the time being, the wild elephants will certainly return in search of food. In fact, some of the tuskers are too wild to be handled by a trained elephant. We need to approach the issue from a larger perspective,\" said a wildlife expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17367099", "title": "Latehar to get model college", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Latehar will soon get a model college. The state human resources development minister, Baidyanath Ram, said Rs 5 crore has been allocated for the college and land has been identified. Tender will be issued in December.Latehar has only one permanent affiliated college with no degree-level science courses.Beside Latehar, Chatra and Saraikela-Kharsawan are other districts to get model colleges. While land is yet to be identified in Chatra, in Saraikela the process has already started, said the BJP MLA from Latehar.Meanwhile, the minister will have a meeting with the vice-chancellor of Nilamber Pitamber University, Firoz Ahmad, on Monday to discuss land acquisition problem. The university deposited Rs 40 lakh seven months ago with the Palamu administration for 40 acres. But it is yet to get land. Ram denied the fact that lack of inter-departmental co-ordination was delaying the process. tnnWhen queried that 40 seats in Jawahar Navoday Vidyalaya in Daltonganj are going a big waste over the last one decade as this Centre run school has no land, no building of its own the minister said, \"This is really painful that this school takes admission for its 40 seats only while another 40 seats have been a left out as it has no infra structure and thus there is the loss of admission on these 40 seats going un unused all these years.\" This school has 80 admission seat but takes admission only for 40 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17369636", "title": "26/11: Tributes paid to martyrs, victims on fourth anniversary of attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Floral tributes were today paid to martyrs of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks on the fourth anniversary of the strike with Union ministers Sushil Kumar Shinde and Sharad Pawar laying wreaths at the police memorial in South Mumbai.Shinde and Pawar paid homage to the heroes at the Police Gymkhana in Marine Lines where a 26/11 memorial has been erected in remembrance of the policemen, who lost their lives fighting terrorists during the dastardly strikes.Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, home minister R R Patil , Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh and family members of victims and bravehearts, also paid floral tributes to those killed in the November 26, 2008 siege.Lone surviving Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab , who was nabbed after the carnage was hanged in Pune's Yerwada Jail on November 21.Security has been stepped up in the metropolis, after Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan warned of mounting attacks \"in India and anywhere\" to avenge Kasab's hanging.Vital establishments, including airports and the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), are also under tight vigil after the threat. 166 people were killed when Kasab and nine of his aides unleashed terror on the country's financial capital four years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17367726", "title": "Drug that can halt cancer spread", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new drug which they claim can put cancerous cells to sleep to stop them from multiplying.The drug called Aflibercept tricks tumours into becoming dormant by flipping molecular switches in the structure of the cancer so it cannot spread.Positive results are being seen already in the UK, where trials have seen patients enjoy a \"significant\" extension of life, the Daily Mail reported. More than 1,400 patients were involved in trials, with some participants with advanced bowel cancer who had already had chemotherapy prolonged life by two years.Scientists think the drug could be used across a range of different cancers in future studies.A report in the Journal of Clinical Oncology said Aflibercept had a 'statistically significant survival benefit' compared to conventional drug regimes treating bowel cancer that had spread after initial treatment.\"The trial results were positive . Around 10,000 patients a year die from bowel cancer and most of them are having some form of chemotherapy so it is theoretically applicable to those,\" said Dr Rob Glynne Jones, Macmillan Clinical Lead for Gastrointestinal Cancer at Mount Vernon Hospital in Northwood, Middlesex, said.\"I am sure this drug will have a research programme and they will be extending it to all other cancers. Maybe they will find other cancers where it may be more effective,\" Jones said.Aflibercept is administered as a 30-minute infusion alongside chemotherapy. It is available in the US, and European approval is expected soon, the paper said.Protein tied to breast cancer growth foundScientists have discovered a protein \"partner\" used by breast cancer cells to unlock genes needed for spreading the disease around the body. Researchers from the Johns Hopkins University found that \"the protein JMJD2C is the key that opens up a whole suite of genes needed for tumours to grow and metastasize\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371388", "title": "Halle Berry takes no chances", "text": "It was one of Hollywood's most public bust-ups of late, reminiscent of any college-level brawl where two guys slug it out over a girl.Only, in this case the girl happened to be Halle Berry and the men in question, her fiance Olivier Martinez and her ex, the model Gabriel Aubry. Both are French. After the spat, Berry is taking no chances. Word has it that she has sought out a restraining order against Gabriel Aubry after the fight that occurred on Thanksgiving day.Sources close to the star have told a foreign publication that Halle and her lawyers were alarmed that Gabriel allegedly started the fight with Olivier Martinez right in front of 4-year-old Nahla and this is the reason why she sought the order. In the interim period, a judge issued an emergency order of protection that requires Gabriel to stay 100 yards away from Halle, Nahla and Olivier. This order will expire on Tuesday, this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17365957", "title": "Curtorim villagers kick Talak project out", "text": "MARGAO: Wishing to send a strong message that they would not allow mega real estate projects in Curtorim, hundreds of villagers attended a special gram sabha and passed a resolution opposing the construction of a multi-housing complex at Dantoloi, Vagulem, Maina-Curtorim, on Sunday. The villagers, while providing lengthy arguments as to why they were opposing the project, feared that if they had to give permissions, a precedent would have been set and other real estate projects would be allowed to be constructed in their village despite opposition.The Bombay high court at Panaji had on September 25, 2012, disposed of a writ petition filed by the real estate developer with directions to the panchayat body to take a decision on the application of Ms Talak homes &amp; estate dated January 20, 2008, as expeditiously as possible, and in any event, within 12 weeks from the date of the order.When the issue had figured at the last gram sabha, members had resolved that the application for construction of the project should be decided by the panchayat by taking into consideration the previous gram sabha resolution. When the file came up before the panchayat meeting, though, members resolved to place the matter once again before the gram sabha for an appropriate decision.On Sunday, the special gram sabha that was chaired by deputy sarpanch Santan Rodrigues, the matter was placed before gram sabha members who were asked to give their reasons as to why the villagers were opposing housing projects.Lengthy deliberations ensued, and while villagers were demanding an immediate resolution against the housing project, heated scenes were witnessed as gram sabha members objected to comments made by a panch member, Diosinho Sardinha, speaking from the dais. The villagers were up on their feet and gheraoed the dais where the panch members were seated, and decorum was restored only when Sardinha apologized to the public. Carminho Almeida, an ex-headmaster, was allowed to read the contents of a draft resolution.\"The project is located in a highly eco-sensitive zone which comprises a forested hill range, ancient tribal settlements and the rich paddy fields of 'Waingnal'. These existing assets are of great economic and social importance and cannot co-exist with the proposed urban settlement\" said Almeida.The villagers had raised a host of objections to the approval of the construction license, including complaints that the housing project would pollute the neighbouring agricultural lands; lack of garbage disposal facilities in Curotirm and that the proposed road widening for the project would displace existing houses on the side of the road.When the matter had come up for hearing in the High Court, the real estate developers had denied the contents of the objections raised by the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17366800", "title": "Whose gold is it anyway?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mystery over who would take the 24kg of gold worth Rs 7.68 crore has deepened as even after nearly two months, the court or the policemen have not been able to come to conclusion about the rightful owner of bullion currently in custody of Naranpura police.On October 3, Naranpura police got a complaint from officials of SecuriTrans India Pvt Ltd that a consignment of 25kg of gold went missing during the transit from Shastrinagar. Two days after the report, Ashwin Shukla, a garage owner at Vardan Tower in Shastrinagar, came forward and handed over 23 gold bars of one kg each. Police pressed further when they recovered one more bar from a garage employee. A bar of one kg is yet to be traced.Police had arrested Shukla along with Mukesh Prajapati and Kanaiya Prajapati, residents of Chamanpura, Pankaj Nathbawa, a resident of Nava Vadaj, Naresh Prajapati, a resident of Naroda, Prahlad Prajapati, a resident of Meghaninagar, Kishor Parghi, a resident of Naranpura, Alpesh Patel, a resident of Shastrinagar, and Asif Qureshi, a resident of Madhavpura. All the accused are now on bail in connection with the case. Their lawyer had, however, put forth an application that the gold was found unclaimed and thus it should be given to them.A police official said that the court had refused to give the gold to Securitrans as they are not the owners of the bullion and had instead asked the original owners, Nova Scotia Bank, to come forward and take the custody. \"The bank, however, has refused to claim it as they have insisted on taking it from the company. They apparently have got the insurance money on the gold and are not interested in the bullion,\" he said.What would happen to the gold? The official said that every police station has a bank account where the seized amount is deposited. As the bank does not pay interest on the amount, they provide city police with free locker service. \"The gold thus would end up at a locker near Teen Darwaja till a claimant comes forward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366938", "title": "Meet today on Xavier's upgrade", "text": "KOLKATA: It may not be long before St Xavier's College is upgraded to a university. The proposals that it had submitted in October, simultaneously to the chief minister and the state education minister, Bratya Basu, have already moved forward and the college authorities have been asked to attend a discussion on the proposal on Monday at Bikash Bhavan. The meeting will be attended by three representatives from the state government and three from the college.The meeting was initially planned for Saturday, but was postponed till Monday.The college authorities were buoyed by the fact that chief minister Mamata Banerjee has written to the college saying that she is \"personally looking into the progress of the proposal\" and is trying to \"speed up the process\". Mamata, who is an honorary member of the college alumni, had suggested in January at the convocation of the college that the institution should upgrade itself, considering its contribution to education for 150 years.The college has made it clear in its proposal to the state government that it wants to be a private university of a kind that would set it apart from other private varsities of the country. The proposal says that the new university would be a minority-run private university, fully aided by the state government. The other Christian/Hindu missionary-run universities are private in nature that run without state aid.\"The reason why we want state aid and yet remain a private varsity is that only if we are given aid can we keep education affordable for all sections of the society. We do not wish to become an institution that only the elite can afford,\" said Father Felix Raj, principal of the college. He confirmed the report about Monday's meeting and said that he is sure that the university is on the fastrack now.Mamata had praised the efforts of the college and its alumni in their expansion plans while speaking to students and teachers of Jogomaya Devi College on Friday. Mamata, an alumnus of the college, said: \"Look at the way the St Xavier's College administration and alumni are focussed on its upgrade. You should follow that model,\" she had advised there, naturally raising hopes on the Park Street campus about a speedy decision by the state government in its favour.As an autonomous college, affiliated to the Calcutta University, the college receives grant for one third of its expenses at the moment. In the proposal, it had appealed to the state to increase this grant manifold during the upgrade to a university. A financial statement giving details of the present expenses of the institution and the projected expenses once it expands into a university forms an integral part of the proposal.To get the college started on a path of physical expansion, Mamata has even allotted it 16 acres in Rajarhat at a nominal price. The other plot the college has been given is on the EM Bypass, behind the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute, which is being developed into a communication hub where the mass communications, videography, journalism and all courses to do with communication will be shifted.The proposal submitted by the college has given details about how the Rajarhat campus will have a management school, an engineering college and a research hub, for both pure and social sciences. For the MBA programmes in its university avataar, the college proposes to tie up with both XLRI and XIMB, the country's leading brands in management education. Once a university, there are plans to start an engineering school that will be run in partnership with Loyola College Chennai, St Joseph's Bangalore and St Xavier's Mumbai - the three Jesuit tech schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17372795", "title": "No proof of UFOs flying over India-China border: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no conclusive proof of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) flying over the India-China border, but government is monitoring all developments in the neighbourhood which could have a bearing on national security, defence minister A K Antony on Monday said.He gave the information in a written reply in the Lok Sabha to a question as to whether Army's Leh-based 14 Corps had reported about mysterious UFOs flying over the India-China border during the last three years.Assuring the House of the measures taken by government, Antony said, \"Required measures have been initiated through development of infrastructure and operational capabilities to achieve desired levels of defence preparedness to safeguard the sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of India.\"To a separate question on situation in Jammu and Kashmir, he said it has stabilised due to persistent anti-terrorist operations carried out by the government. \"The situation in J&K; has stabilised due to the persistent proactive counter terrorist operations carried out by the government,\" he said.For return and rehabilitation of Kashmiri migrants to the Valley, he said, \"A comprehensive package of Rs 1618.14 crore was announced by Prime Minister in 2008... Government acts as facilitator for making all facilities available to migrants for their permanent rehabilitation in the Valley.\"Antony also provided details of civilians and terrorists killed in J&K; during last three years. While 13 civilians were killed between 2009 and October 2012, 58 terrorist were gunned down during the corresponding period last year. The highest number of 245 terrorists were killed in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371767", "title": "It's marathon time at Powai", "text": "Even before the annul marathon can take place Mumbaikars will get an opportunity to participate in another marathon that will be held at Powai, Mumbai. The Rotary Club of Mumbai Lakers (RCML), along with Dr LH Hiranandani Hospital will organize the event in January 2012 for sports and fitness enthudiasts. The event has been organized to raise awareness about health, and to raise funds for charity.Last year around 2,500 people participated in the run, which helped RCML to raise funds for the solar electrification of the rural town of Jawahar and towards education of the girl child. The event was split into twoa 4km walk around the periphery of the picturesqueHiranandani Gardens and a 10km run within the boundaries of Powai Eager to spread the goodwill further, the club has planned a second marathon in Jan 2013. Dr Chatterjee, CEO of Dr L H Hiranandani Hospital, says, \"This year we hope that the participation will be more than double of what we had last year. The aim is to get people to be active and exercise which is good for health. Also it can serve in time to be the prelude for the more famous runs that occurs in Mumbai.\"The success of the first year is inspiring enough for its organising members to believe that one good turn deserves another! Says Ravi Jaswani, from RCML, \"Following the response last year, we're keen to make the run more successful this year. With the many corporate houses supporting us, Run Powai Run 2013 will be an event to look out for.\" For more information about the marathon long on to www.rotarylakers.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17367606", "title": "Factory fire kills 124 in Bangladesh", "text": "DHAKA: More than 100 people died on Saturday and Sunday in a fire at a garment factory outside Dhaka, Bangladesh , in one of the worst industrial tragedies in the country.\"We have so far retrieved 124 bodies (and) the rescue campaign is still underway,\" major Mahbub Hossain, a senior fire service official, said, adding that most of the bodies were found severely charred.It took firefighters over 17 hours to douse the blaze at the factory, Tazreen Fashions, after it started on Saturday evening , a retired fire official in Dhaka said. Many were forced to jump from high windows to escape the smoke and flames.Survivors of the factory fire said how panicked staff, mostly women , desperately tried to escape the factory, which the owner said made clothes for international brands including Dutch chain C&A; and the Hong Kongbased Li &amp; Fung company. The company said it was \"distressed\" by the deaths and offered a compensation of $1,200 to the family of each worker who died in the blaze.\"I smelt smoke and ran downstairs and found that the place was already full with black fumes,\" Rabiul Islam said as he surveyed the ruins.\"With another worker, I broke open an exhaust fan in the second floor and jumped to the roof of a shed next to the factory,\" he said.Mahbub said that most victims died of suffocation as the blaze started on the groundfloor warehouse, trapping the night-shift staff. \"The factory had three exits but since the fire was on the ground floor, workers could not come downstairs ,\" he said. Most of the workers who died were on the first and second floors and were killed, fire officials said, because there were not enough exits.The owner of the Tazreen factory, Delwar Hossain, said that the cause of the fire was not yet known but he denied his premises were unsafe.Bangladesh's garment industry , the second largest exporter of clothing after China, has a notoriously poor record of fire safety. Workers are among the lowest-paid in the world with entry-level workers making a governmentmandated minimum wage of about $37 a month.Since 2006, more than 500 Bangladeshi workers have died in garment factory fires, according to Clean Clothes Campaign, an anti- sweatshop advocacy group based in Amsterdam . Experts say many of the fires could have been easily avoided if the factories had taken the right precautions. Many factories are located in cramped neighbourhoods, have too few fire escapes and widely flout safety measures.\"The brands have known for years that many of the factories they choose to work with are death traps,\" Ineke Zeldenrust, the international coordinator for Clean Clothes Campaign, said. \"Their failure to take action amounts to criminal negligence.\"A document posted on the company's Web site showed that an \"ethical sourcing\" official for Walmart flagged \"violations and/or conditions which were deemed to be high risk\" at the factory in May 2011, though it did not specify the nature of the infractions.The notice said that the factory had been given an \"orange\" grade and that any factories given three such assessments in two years from their last audit would not receive any orders from Walmart for one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17370787", "title": "Its 'Rush Hour' of celebrations before auspicious 'mahurats' end", "text": "SURAT: A number of celebrations and festivals are lined up in the limited number of days available with auspicious 'mahurats'. Around 20 day period from November 25 to December 15 is the only time available between September 2012 and February 2013 as per Hindu calendar. From December 15 'Kamurta' will start during which no event are planned.Around 500 marriages are lined up in the city during the auspicious days. Along with marriages a number of events like 'Janaiv', house warming, inaugurations and 'Havans' are lined up in the city. Due to the short period of auspicious days all the function venues are booked and it created scarcity of the party venues. With no booking available in party venues the families are forced to search for locations outside the city.Similarly, scarcity of music bands and event planers has also been created due to number of events planned. Clubbing of the events with Diwali vacation has added to the celebrations. The Diwali vacation is likely to get extended in city's industries like textile and diamond as the employees have not returned on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366433", "title": "Woman commission recommends transferring pregnant tribal inmate to Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The state commission for woman wants the tribal inmate at Indore jail who became pregnant under mysterious circumstances to be shifted to Bhopal as the commission feels she is not safe in Indore jail.After writing to the divisional commissioner, Indore about the transfer of the mentally challenged Indore jail inmate, the women's commission may soon write to the principal secretary of jail on the matter.The commission has taken a suo motu cognizance recently where an under-trial woman who was housed in Jhabua jail and later brought to Indore district jail was found pregnant. However, it is not clear whether she became pregnant in Jhabua or Indore district jail. Director general, prisons has also ordered a probe.State women's commission chairperson Upma Rai talking to ToI said, \"The commission has recommended to the commissioner Indore division that the inmate be shifted to Bhopal as she is not safe there. The atrocities committed on a mentally challenged inmate are horrific.\"\"In case, the commissioner, Indore is unable to transfer the inmate to Bhopal, the commission shall then forward another letter to the principal secretary of jail department for moving the inmate from the Indore jail,\" Rai added.However it is not clear what the fate of the prisoner would be.Commissioner, Indore division P K Parashar said, \"The matter has been forwarded to the Jhabua collector.\"Jhabua collector Dr Jaishree Kiyawat, who has been assigned the responsibility of conducting a probe into the issue by the DG, prisons on the other hand said, \"The civil court where the woman is an under trial shall decide whether she should be shifted to somewhere else or not.\"The under trail was found five weeks pregnant while she was already in jail for 10 months in succession. Initially she was in Jhabua district jail and then later shifted to Indore jail. The judicial enquiry report on the case is still awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365752", "title": "Wary hotels put staff under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after 26/11 attacks in which terrorists took over Taj and Trident hotels, the siege still haunts the city's hospitality industry. Most big hotel establishments have not only tightened security, but are carrying out a thorough background check of their employees.Industry sources said hotels and restaurants have started profiling their staff members, scrutinizing their track records and verifying their personal as well as professional information. This is mainly being done to weed out troublemakers. Private security agencies and the police are helping the industry to build this intelligence. Post-26/11, there were strong rumors that insiders from the hotels had tipped-off the terrorists.\"Most establishments have files containing detailed profiles of each employee,\" said former president of Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Associations of India (FHRAI) Kamlesh Barrot. \"Mainly, an employee's behaviour and conduct is monitored. Staffers are now required to submit their present as well as permanent addresses, references and their contact details, a copy of their passport and contact details. This information helps the security agencies verify a candidate's past,\" he added.Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India (HRAWI) president Dinesh Advani said over 1,300 members of HRAWI in Maharashtra, Goa and Gujarat have taken staff profiling very seriously. \"The help of police and security agencies is sought to verify the details submitted by employees. Top hotels have already gathered lot of intelligence,\" he said.According to Shashikant Shetty of Ahar, an association of over 8,000 restaurants and bars in the city, owners might not always engage private security agencies or the police to verify the backgrounds of their employees, but have prepared files containing personal details of their staffers. \"These files can be provided to security agencies in case of any eventuality,\" said Shetty. \"Post-26/11, it has become a norm for candidates to submit photographs, proofs of age and residence, references of people and contact numbers with the employment form.\"Brigadier Jaisinghani of TOPS Security Ltd said his agency has been carrying out background checks for several big hotels and major corporates in the city almost on a daily basis. \"We check an employee's passport, lease agreements, bank accounts, property details, previous employment records as well as permanent address. The details verified by us are then provided to the investigation arms of private and government security agencies for verification or probe,\" he added.Brigadier Balla of TRIG Security said almost all major installations are now profiling their employees. \"Recently, we did background checks on drivers and cleaners too, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kristen stewart's finale as bella swan in 'the twilight saga", "code": "17370695", "title": "'Breaking Dawn 2' tops weekend box office", "text": "Kristen Stewart's finale as Bella Swan in 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2' topped the weekend box office for the second consecutive week with 64 million dollars during the five-day holiday stretch that began on Wednesday.Daniel Craig's Skyfall came in at number two with 51 million dollars, while Daniel Day-Lewis and Steven Spielberg's Civil War saga Lincoln finished third with 34.1 million dollars, the New York Post reported.According to box-office tracker Hollywood.com, the top three films paced Hollywood to an all-time Thanksgiving week best of about 290 million dollars from Wednesday to Sunday.The Twilight finale, Skyfall and Lincoln finished in the same top-three rankings for the second-straight weekend as new releases were unable to dislodge the holdovers.Leading the newcomers was Paramount and DreamWorks Animation's tale Rise of the Guardians at number four with 24 million dollars for the weekend and 32.6 million dollars since opening on Wednesday.Close behind at number five was director Ang Lee's shipwreck saga Life of Pi with 22 million dollars over the weekend. The 20th Century Fox release has taken in 30.2 million dollars domestically since its Wednesday debut and added 17.5 million dollars in four Asian markets.In limited release, Fox Searchlight's Hitchcock opened solidly with about 300,000 dollars in 17 theatres. The movie stars Anthony Hopkins as Alfred Hitchcock in a behind-the-scenes story of the making of Psycho .The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 - 43.1 million dollarsSkyfall - 36 million dollarsLincoln - 25 million dollarsRise of the Guardians - 24 million dollarsLife of Pi - 22 million dollarsWreck-It Ralph - 16.8 million dollarsRed Dawn - 14.6 million dollarsFlight - 8.6 million dollarsSilver Linings Playbook - 4.6 million dollarsArgo - 3.9 million dollars (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17372397", "title": "China-India map row: National Security Adviser downplays it", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Security Adviser Shivshankar Menon on Monday downplayed the recent \" map row\" with China contending that the issue required to be looked at in the perspective of boundary talks which have made progress.\"I think you need to see these things in some perspective. We do have differences on where the boundary lies. We are discussing them. We have made progress in dealing with that,\" Menon said in reply to questions on China issuing e-passports that show Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin as part of China.The National Security Adviser (NSA) said Chinese documents show their version of the boundary, while Indian documents show \"our version of the boundary\".Menon's comments come in the wake of external affairs minister Salman Khurshid terming the Chinese actions as \"unacceptable\".\"What has changed? Chinese have a view on where the boundary lies, which is why we are having discussions on the boundary because we have differences on where the boundary is,\" Menon said after releasing six books on China at the Observer Research Foundation here.\"Chinese chose to put a watermark on their passports which shows the boundaries as they see it. We show our boundary as we see it on visas that we issue. So, what has changed. On our documents we continue to show what we regard as our boundary, they show their claims on their documents,\" he said.Menon said India and China have agreed on a three-stage process for settle the boundary issue.\"We are in the process of agreeing on a framework to settle the boundary and the next step, hopefully the third stage, is to actually agree on a boundary. Right now we are at the second stage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15326152", "title": "Meera Vasudevan is a Psychology graduate?", "text": "Meera Vasudevan has done her Bachelors in Psychology and English literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367067", "title": "Man throws wife, 4 kids into well after fight over booze", "text": "RANCHI: A 45-year-old man from Lariyadih village in Koderma killed his wife and four children in an inebriated state late on Saturday.Moti Das threw his wife Kunti Devi and four children - three sons and a daughter - into the well after she tried to stop him from drinking. Koderma police recovered the bodies on Sunday morning. Moti, who worked as a mason, was later arrested after an FIR was lodged by his brother-in-law. Police have also detained his mother for interrogation.\"Das is an alcoholic and used to beat his wife every time she tried to stop him from drinking,\" said Ranjan Kumar Chaudhary, officer-in-charge, Koderma police station.On Saturday night Moti returned from work drunk and picked up a quarrel with his wife when she objected to his drinking. This continued for some time. Moti finally lost his temper and threw Kunti Devi into the well. The children - Ayodhya, Ramkaran, Pankaj and Kaliya Kumari - all of whom them were below six years, also became victims of his rage.\"The family had to struggle to make ends meet and Moti spent money on alcohol. It was the main cause behind the fights,\" said investigating officer Bhubneshwar Bharti.Moti then called up his brother-in-law and said Kunti Devi had left for her mother's house in Satyadih village with the children. They were married for eight years.Ramdev Das, brother of Kunti Devi, said, \"Das (Moti) had threatened to kill my sister and the children if she did not get cash as dowry from her parents. On previous occasions too, Moti had tortured my sister when she had objected to his drinking.\" Das has also implicated the role of Moti's mother Masomati Rupiya in the murder.\"The picture will be clear only after the postmortem report comes,\" said Koderma SP Sambhu Thakur, adding that the postmortem process would be video-recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366652", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNot all dengue kits in market reliable\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: With the current spurt in dengue cases reported in Maharashtra, scientists of the National Institute of Virology (NIV) have expressed their apprehensions over the reliability of some commercially available rapid diagnostic kits sold in the country for the detection of dengue.These kits are not adequately evaluated, leading to false negative or false positive test reports, they say, which is one of the many hurdles in understanding the true disease burden of the dengue virus in the country.\"Several commercially available rapid diagnostic tests and in-house assays have been developed but the performance characteristics of many of these tests have not been adequately evaluated,\" says senior scientist Jyotsna Thakare, who has over 24 years of experience in clinical virology, diagnostics and immunology. \"Even if evaluated, the data is not published. It is very disturbing that, till today, we do not have clear-cut guidelines and uniformity in applications/recommendations of properly evaluated kits.\"Thakare, now retired, was in charge of the diagnostic virology division at NIV and was closely associated with virological investigations of dengue, chikungunya and other flavivirus cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371253", "title": "'It was amazing seeing people's reaction to the news of Balasaheb's death'", "text": "... says Sandalwood actress Ragini Dwivedi, who was in Mumbai at the timeWhen Sandalwood star Ragini Dwivedi took off to Mumbai to spend a few days with her extended family and meet a few friends , little did she expect that all her plans would be derailed. \"I went to Mumbai recently to be with some family and friends. I was out and about with some of them when news came about Balasaheb's passing. We'd been planning a lunch outing, but within minutes we realized that that would not be a possibility. As soon as the news came, everything was shut down. Mumbai almost came to a complete standstill,\" says Ragini, adding, \"Those who were at work were then in a frantic hurry to get home, so the roads were chock-a-block with traffic. It took me a while to get back to where I was staying.\"The actress says that she then tried to catch up on what's happening on TV. \"Only news channels that were telecasting live visuals of Bal Thackeray's funeral were airing. It was a strange but amazing feeling to see people's reaction to the news of his death. Thousands and thousands just kept coming to pay their last respects. I will never forget that,\" says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17369901", "title": "2G spectrum issue: DMK gives notice for discussion in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK on Monday gave notice for a discussion in Lok Sabha on the 2G spectrum issue, on which it had come under a lot of flak, in the wake of claims made by former CAG official R P Singh.DMK leader T R Baalu has given the notice for a special discussion, saying the reports appearing in the media showed that the loss figure in the 2G issue had been \"inflated exponentially\".In the notice, Baalu said this developments put the entire issue in a new light which calls for \"thorough discussion into the audit practices and constitutional mandate of the CAG\".Baalu's action comes close on the heels of Union minister V Narayanasamy's remarks that the Centre was ready for a discussion in Parliament on the statement of R P Singh on the 2G spectrum allocations issue, if key ally DMK brings forward a motion.The former CAG official had claimed that his superiors gave him \"written order\" following which he signed on the final report giving a presumptive loss figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore.It also comes against the backdrop of Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad meeting with DMK chief M Karunanidhi in Chennai on Sunday during which the health minister had tried to persuade DMK to support the government on the FDI in retail issue.DMK had come under lot of pressure in the wake of the 2G scam and the then telecom minister A Raja had to resign in the wake of the controversy and was also arrested.Karunanidhi had last week strongly pitched for a multi-member CAG, saying the recent flopped auction of 2G spectrum that netted only about Rs 9,000 crore had proved wrong the top auditor's report pegging the presumptive loss in 2G allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366804", "title": "Link with obesity?", "text": "PUNE: The Microbial Culture Collection (MCC) at the National Centre for Cell Science (NCCS) also undertook a molecular analysis of gut microbes in obese Indians. Obesity-associated changes in bacteria are largely reported from the western population, while Indians have remained fairly unexplored.It was observed that the composition of microbes is different in obese and lean individuals. Further research in the area will reveal how these microbes interact with the body and whether they are responsible for one's risk of becoming obese.The Indians were classified according to their 'body mass index' into lean, normal, obese and surgically treated-obese. The researchers then carried out comparative analysis and quantification of dominant gut microbiota from the DNA extracted from fecal samples.Bacteria of genus 'Bacteroides' were observed in 40 per cent of the DNA sequences in obese individuals, while in normal individuals they were less than 10 per cent, said Yogesh Shouche of NCCS. \"Surgery lowered the percentage only slightly.A remarkably high count of ancient (archaeal) bacteria also found in obese individuals. This led us to question whether this is one of the causes for obesity or a result of obesity. More research will be required to comprehend how these bacteria interact with our body and whether they affect our risk of becoming obese. By answering these questions, scientists could then assess whether actively shifting our bacterial balances could help stem obesity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366568", "title": "Sports Authority of India mourns death of hockey player", "text": "BHOPAL: Ajay Prabhakar's death is an irreparable loss to hockey, International hockey coach, YS Chauhan said after the junior hockey player lost his life in a road accident near Sports Authority of India (SAI) centre on Sunday evening. Hockey goalkeeper Udit who was also injured in the accident has been admitted to a hospital.Hailing from Lucknow, both Ajay and Udit - aged 19 - have been training under coach Chauhan at SAI training centre for past one year. \"Ajay was a promising player. I was hoping for his selection in the national team. I am in deep shock,\" the coach said. He added that Ajay was among the rare talented hockey forwards. \"His speed and control over the ball during the match was different from other players. He was one of my favourite players,\" Chauhan added.Ajay and Udit had recently represented in the junior national hockey championship played in Lucknow. \"Ajay's presence was the strongest part of my team. He always encouraged his teammates during the match and training session,\" Chauhan said.Ajay and Udit were hit by a four-wheeler while they were walking down to the centre. \"We don't organise practise sessions on Sunday. Both players went to New Market for buying some sports accessories. They were hit by a four wheeler just 200 m before the SAI Centre,\" a SAI official told TOI.According to SAI authorities, Ajay's family has been informed about the incident immediately after his death. \"His brother Amit will come on Monday morning,\" coach Chauhan said.Chauhan also said that Ajay always wanted to represent the country. \"Despite hailing from a humble background, Ajay's family did everything to support his dream of representing the country in international tournaments,\" he said. \"I have lost one of my best forward players,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367980", "title": "UK taskforce to help London Metropolitan University students", "text": "An UK government appointed taskforce has set up a \u00c2\u00a32 million student support fund to assist international students affected by the decision on London Metropolitan University. NICOLA DANDRIDGE, chief executive, Universities UK, speaks to Gauri Rane about the initiativeOver 2,700 international students would have had no option but to return to their home countries when the UK Border Agency (UKBA) in August revoked the London Metropolitan University's (LMU) licence to recruit students outside the European Union. The decision affected around 350 students from India. However, the UK government responded quickly by setting up a taskforce to assist the students.LMU is the first in the UK to lose the right to recruit outside the EU. The UKBA said it took the action because the university was not making proper checks on its overseas students \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that it did not keep records of whether they had the required standard of English to be given a student visa or whether they were attending lectures. Denying this, the university is challenging the action through the courts. In September, the courts gave the university a partial reprieve, allowing it to teach existing overseas students until the end of the academic year.Nicola Dandridge, chief executive, Universities UK and a member of the government-appointed taskforce, says, \"The taskforce comprises UKBA, Department of Business, Universities UK, Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) and the National Union of Students. The main aim of the taskforce is to help international students find suitable, alternative options so that they can continue their studies at another institution in the UK, if they decide not to continue with LMU.\" In addition, the taskforce oversaw the establishment of a \u00c2\u00a32 million student support fund to ensure that no international student would suffer financially as a result of the decision . The fund has been paying for items such as the cost of visa re-application , extra tuition fees and other additional expenses such as travel and accommodation .\"We also want to clarify why changes needed to be introduced in the UK immigration system. The system has been tightened to eliminate fraudulent use of the student route. But universities in the UK still welcome international students; students can still work for 20 hours a week and post-study work, in graduate jobs, is still available,\" adds Dandridge, while brushing aside rumours that students are not allowed to work while studying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371367", "title": "Axl Rose looking forward to India gigs", "text": "While the news is out that the legendary hard rock band Guns n Roses will be playing in Mumbai and Bangalore, in India, the group's charismatic frontman Axl Rose is reportedly pretty excited about this.He recently tweeted: \"Unbelievable! 3 days in Vegas &amp; still alive. The Bel-Air is on the Hard Rock floor and next month we go to India and Indonesia . (sic)\"Known for his reclusive and often eccentric and unpredictable ways, this effusive tweet of his speaks about his anticipation for the show. Lead guitarist Dj Ashba too, shared his excitement about their upcoming tour, tweeting, \"\"I am looking forward to performingfor the beautiful people of India!\"While on the subject of Axl's eccentricities, it should be noted that the band's most recent album Chinese Democracy took more than ten years to complete, with many lineup changes and studio costs running into multi-million figures.For those who have not heard of the band , Guns N' Roses have been credited with reviving the mainstream popularity of rock, at a time when popular music was dominated by dance music and pop metal. Their late 1980s and early 1990s years have been described as the period in which they brought forth a \"hedonistic rebelliousness\" reminiscent of the early Rolling Stones a reputation that had earned them the nickname \"The Most Dangerous Band in the World\"\". The band's classic lineup, along with later members Reed and drummer Matt Sorum, were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365881", "title": "Congress mulls over North Goa candidate", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party has begun consultation with party leaders and workers in Goa to shortlist the names of candidates for the forthcoming Lok Sabha election, which is scheduled in 2014.The meeting will continue on Monday. The All India Congress Committee coordinator for Goa, B Changal Rayudu, arrived in Goa to hold discussions with Congress leaders.Sources in the Congress party said Rayudu held one-to-one meetings with Congress members to hear their views with regards to who should be the candidate for the parliament election.A Congress member from North Goa asked Rayudu to clarify the party's stand whether it will contest the North Goa parliament seat or it will be allotted to a coalition partner.\"We, giving our view, on who should be the candidate in North Goa has no meaning till Congress takes a decision on the North Goa seat,\" said a leader from North Goa, who was present at the meeting.Speaking to TOI, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar said that there was no discussion on parliament elections.\"Rayudu held interaction with Congress members to hear their grievances,\" Shirodakar said, adding Rayudu was also soliciting views to strengthen the party in the state.Valpoi's Congress MLA, Vishwajit Rane, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco and other Congress leaders were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365489", "title": "Woman Naxal killed in encounter", "text": "NAGPUR: Gadchiroli police on Sunday gunned down a woman cadre of Potegaon Dalam of the banned Communist Party of India (Maoist) as the banned outfit was preparing to observe Peoples' Liberation Guerilla Army Week (PLGA) from December 2. Three C-60 jawans of Gadchiroli police too injured in Naxal counter attack in the jungle adjoining Abapur and Haladwahi villages, around 35 km from Gadchiroli, in Chamorshi tehsil.Police have identified the slain Naxal cadre as Rickey, alias Rakhi Laxmi Lekami. The woman cadre, in her 20s, had been earlier with Kasansur local organizational squad (LOS) before shifting to Potegaon. Police have seized a 12-bore rifle found with her. It is learnt that the dalam commander Rakesh, alias Ganesh Atla, and former Company 4 member Vilas Kolhe, who were also at the scene, slipped away. Last year, the forces had eliminated Potegaon dalam commander Raneeta Hichami, alias Ramco, in an encounter at Makadchuha.The Naxals were learnt to be preparing their morning meal when the police team zeroed in on them. The sentry guarding the makeshift camp opened fire on the police who retaliated. C-60 commandos Praful Chintale, Mahendra Kuleti and Ganesh Mahurle sustained pellet injuries. While Chintale and Kuleti were shifted to Nagpur, Mahurle was treated at Gadchiroli civil hospital.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, Suwez Haque said that police chased the guerrillas before engaging them in the gun battle. \"The exchange lasted for around 15 minutes before the Naxals started retreating. They had to abandon their belongings and some even went without shoes,\" said the SP. He added that blankets, sweaters, utensils, medicine kits and other materials were seized. \"Substantial number of banners and pamphlets about PLGA week were also found,\" he said.It is learnt that C-60 squad and Quick Response Team (QRT) of Chamorshi police sub-division office initiated a search operation in the jungle early Sunday morning. The police success underlined the fact that coverage of mobile phone connectivity, lacking in most part of the district, may go a long way in helping the security forces undertake quick operations. Sources said mobile phone connectivity had helped the police track down the Naxals faster in this case.Police sources also claimed there was information that Potegaon dalam was holding meetings in villages to mobilize support for PLGA week. Though it is usually held in first week of December, the rebels had decided to advance the date to November 24 coinciding with the day when their leader Kishenji was killed last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366108", "title": "Auto driver, aide take starlet for a ride, assault her", "text": "MUMBAI: A starlet was harassed and assaulted by an auto driver and his aide early on Saturday after she got into their vehicle outside Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT). Neelam Singh, the victim, said the duo was taking her by a long-winded route and they attacked her when she tried to phone a friend for directions. Still traumatized, Neelam said she feared being sexually abused by the accused.A resident of Andheri West, Neelam has acted in a Bollywood film and has modelled for print advertisements. Around 4am on Saturday, she got off a train at LTT after a trip to Jhansi to meet her mother. \"I was carrying two bags and weaved my way through a large crowd to find an auto. Although I'm not well-versed with roads, it became obvious that the driver was taking me along a wrong route as signboards said we were headed to Thane. As I pointed this out, the driver said I should trust him and that I was like a sister to him,\" Neelam said. The driver was accompanied by a friend in the front seat.At one point, Neelam requested the driver to halt, so they could ask a passing milkman whether they were on the correct route to Andheri. \"From the way the milkman widened his eyes in surprise, I could make out something was wrong. But the auto driver made some gestures and the milkman conceded that we were on the right route,\" Neelam added.After some time, the auto passed by a creek on the Ghodbunder Road. \"It was dark and cold and the auto driver was getting irritated everytime I asked him where we were. I then decided to call up a friend for directions. But the moment I started to dial a number on my phone, the auto driver's friend lunged at my throat. I slumped down on the floor of the auto, with my foot jutting out. The auto driver's friend climbed into the back seat even as the vehicle continued to run. He pulled my hair and slapped me, covering my mouth with his hand. I tried to fight back. There were a few cars on the road but nobody bothered to look,\" Neelam said.Later, a group of fishermen passing in a jeep suspected something amiss. But the auto driver told them that Neelam was a patient and was being ferried to the hospital. As the auto slowed down, Neelam pushed her bags out and jumped out. The auto driver and his aide took to their heels. \"I dialled the number '100' but they only told me to go to the nearest police station and hung up. The fishermen dropped me till Bhayandar station. I then took a train and went to the DN Nagar police station at Andheri in whose jurisdiction I stay. They sent two constables with me to the Tilak Nagar police station where a case of kidnapping and assault was registered,\" said Neelam.The police went to LTT and questioned around 250 auto drivers for the next four hours. \"Singh had noted down a part of the auto's number plate. All drivers whose vehicle number plates had those digits were rounded up. Finally, we managed to get the accused's address and phone number. He and his aide were arrested late on Saturday,\" said an official. One of the accused has been identified as Satish Singh, 27 while the other's name wasn't disclosed by the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372640", "title": "Olivia Wilde may relocate to New York", "text": "Actress Olivia Wilde is reportedly planning to move to New York to live with beau Jason Sudeikis .\"Olivia is so over commuting back and forth between LA and New York. At first she was worried that if she left the West Coast the acting offers would dry up. But these days she is more focused on her relationship than her career. She's all about what's best for them as a couple and that means living in NYC,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.Wilde, 28, put her Los Angeles home up for sale earlier this month for $2.5 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17367686", "title": "Hyderabad make a spirited start in Ranji Trophy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hosts regained lost ground after the battering on the first day and did remarkably well to get within 305 runs of a first innings lead on the second day of the Ranji Trophy Group A match against Mumbai.Hyderabad bowled Mumbai out for 443 - the official word for Suryakumar Yadav not batting was that he had hurt his groin at nets on Sunday morning - and closed out the day at 138 for one; skipper Akshath Reddy (63, 202m, 151b, 10x4) and GH Vihari (53, 129m, 94, 4x4) batted beautifully and looked good for more at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367845", "title": "From volunteer to caretaker", "text": "Dwelling for years in a rented house in a slum made him aware of the difficulties of slum-dwellers. As he grew matured, he nurtured a dream - that of taking care of slum children.S Suresh, a BA graduate, after working in NGOs as a volunteer to empower slum children, rag pickers and destitute children, went on to create Ashadayaka Trust. \"As a volunteer, I could not help these children the way I wanted. So I resolved to help them in my own way,\" says Suresh.Children who leave their homes for various reasons and come to Mysore are usually picked up by bad elements. \"Later, they are either sold, or made to beg or work in hotels,\" he said.The trust team goes to such places and convinces the children to pursue education. The trust started in 2003 with 14 children. Currently, there are 26 children (15 boys and 11 girls) in 2-16 age group studying in Class 1 to 10. Nine inmates are studying in an English-medium school. Some of them are orphans, rag pickers or those having single parent.On how the trust raise funds, Suresh said: \"Mysoreans are generous and their support has kept us going. We had difficulties initially in making proper arrangements. However, with a raise in the number of donors, we provided the inmates a better environment and infrastructure.\"The children are given education till SSLC, after which the donors, who are industrialists, help them with employment. The trust has two homes - one each for boys and girls. They are taught in different schools, and are given training in dance, computers, yoga and the like.Explaining how a two-year-old girl landed there, Suresh said: \"Her parents are daily wage labourers. Her mother abandoned the family, while her father, unable to bring up the kid, tried to sell her for Rs 1,500 near KR Hospital.Acting on a local's tip-off, we brought her here,\" he said, adding that the trust has many children with similar stories. \"If you allow them to be on the streets, they get into the hands of bad elements and grow up under their influence,\" he said.Suresh plans to expand the orphanage to accommodate and empower more children. Suresh was born in KR Nagar in 1968, completed his graduation in Konanoor Government College. He is married to Parvathy, and the couple has two daughters studying in PUC and SSLC. Parvathy takes care of the cooking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367083", "title": "CM visits state stall at IITF in Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Sunday visited the Jharkhand pavilion at India International Trade Fair (IITF) in Delhi and interacted with the entrepreneurs, who have put their stall, and the visitors.Appreciating the local artisans who have displayed their products, Munda said Jharkhand had been known for its handicrafts for ages but the craftsmen were not getting the benefit of market economy for lack of exposure. \"I am happy that thanks to the state industry department's and individual artisans' efforts, things have changed. People from across the globe love the handicrafts of the state and it is evident from huge demand,\" said Munda.Talking about recent steps taken by the Jharkhand government to improve basic infrastructure, the chief minister said that a large of road projects are in progress to ensure better connectivity. \"We are trying to provide quality power to industrial and domestic consumers,\" said Munda.He also participated in Jharkhand Day celebration organized at Hansdhwani Theatre where around 125 artists from the state presented a cultural programme.Earlier in the day, Munda addressed public meetings at Surat in Gujarat and asked the voters to cast their vote in favour of the BJP. He also praised the Gujarat model of development under Narendra Modi's leadership. \"Gujarat has become a model for the country and people of the state should be happy to be a part of the growth that has become possible due to leadership of Modi ever since he took over a chief minister of sthe state,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17367226", "title": "Living a positive life", "text": "MANGALORE: Sanjeeva Poojary is youthful and positive. At 35, he has dedicated his life to bring people affected with HIV to the mainstream.Battling the virus himself for the past 13 years, he helps HIV positive people come in terms with their condition and deal with stress, and supports them in their fight against the social stigma attached to it.Hailing from a poor family in Mandasa village of Kundapur taluk, Udupi he started to work in a Hotel in Mumbai at the age of 18. He was diagnosed as HIV positive when he was 23 years old.He conducts free counselling for HIV patients and encourages them to face the world confidently and work to be financially independent. He also distributes free notebooks and textbooks, medicines and nutritional food among HIV infected children.Sanjeeva works closely with several non-governmental organizations engaged in the welfare of HIV positive people. He actively participates in awareness programmes to eradicate the stigma attached to people living with HIV. He conducts awareness drives about HIV once in a month in Udupi. He has also helped several children who were forced to forgo their studies because of HIV to continue their education. At present, he is working with Family Planning Association, an Udupi-based non-government organization.Sanjeeva plans to donate his body to Kasturba Medical College and Hospital after death to encourage research on HIV. \"Successive governments have been focusing on prevention of HIV. However, they are not doing enough for the rehabilitation of the people affected by the virus. I request the government to give enough thrust to the welfare of HIV positive people by creating job opportunities for them,\" he said, adding that he wants to build a hostel exclusively for HIV positive people.Apart from working for the welfare of HIV patients, Sanjeeva is taking care of his elder brother Narasimha Poojary, a truck driver, who has been bedridden for the past two years following a neurological disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17367506", "title": "Maoists involved in Hikaka kidnap caught in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: A top Maoist leader and another Red rebel, who were involved in the kidnapping of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka, were arrested by security personnel during a counter-insurgency operation in Koraput district early on Sunday.The arrested commander is Lingama Habika (35), while the second Maoist is Kameya Habika. Both of them hail from Dumbaguda village within Narayanpatna police limits. They were associated with the Koraput-Srikakulam divisional committee of CPI (Maoist).The combing operation was launched by BSF and Odisha Police following intelligence inputs of the duo's presence at Dumbaguda. No Maoist belonging was recovered from them. \"They were in their homes during the arrest. They have confessed to their involvement in the MLA's kidnapping and over two dozen Maoist offensives, including at least seven murders in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon. Interrogation is on and details are awaited,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.Lingama monitored Maoist activities when they kidnapped the MLA on March 23.The Red rebels had felled roadside trees to obstruct the movement of security personnel in Narayanpatna and the lawmaker was shifted from one place to another to avoid arrest by police on Lingama's direction. \"The arrested rebels are armed cadres and had participated in several major Maoist offensives such as killing a SOG jawan and attacking security personnel. They used to identify safe areas to dump arms and other Maoist belongings for future use,\" the SP added.Police said anti-Maoist operations have been intensified in and around the borders of Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas, which shares a boundary with Andhra Pradesh, and more results are expected in the days to come. \"Joint combing operations by BSF and SOG have been intensified in border areas and police are on high alert,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17365977", "title": "Ambulance operators' protest in Gurgaon enters second day", "text": "GURGAON: Demanding immediate arrest of the accused in the murder of an ambulance van owner and his driver, the ambulance operators of Gurgaon continued their strike on Sunday too. A police team is sent to Aligarh to find whereabouts of a driver, who was working with the deceased ambulance owner and had left the job two months ago. Sources said that another ambulance van owner is also under the police scanner. No arrest has been made in the case till Sunday evening.\"We want the accused behind bars immediately and will continue our strike until an arrest is made in the case\", said Vipin Kumar, president of ambulance van association.On Sunday, a former driver of the deceased ambulance van owner also came under the police scanner. Sources said Rahul, a resident of Aligarh was working with ambulance van owner as driver two months ago. He left his job after being involved in a road accident that led to a curtailment of Rs 12, 000 from his salary. A heated argument was exchanged between the driver and the victim, said sources. Presently, he was working with another ambulance van owner, but after the double murder took place, he was also found missing.Police found his house locked in Aligarh too. However, his mobile phone is reportedly on and he is reportedly in Uttar Pradesh now.Akhilesh, a native of Rajasthan is also under the police scanner. The victim's call detail record contains Akhilesh's mobile number and surprisingly, he is on the run. Cops said Akhilesh was known to victims and lived as tenant in Anjana colony in Khandsa.The ambulance owner, Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku, and his driver, Rajendra, were found dead in the HUDA ground in front of Euro International School in Sector 10 on early Friday. The two were killed by some sharp weapon. Police have lodged a murder case against unknown persons on the statement of the dead ambulance owner's brother.No arrest has been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17371570", "title": "India vs England: Rigid MS Dhoni wants similar track in Kolkata", "text": "MUMBAI: India's ploy to prepare a spinning track might have backfired as England registered a 10-wicket win in the second Test, but host captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni said he would like to have a similar pitch for the third game, starting at Kolkata on December 5.\"Of course, we want a similar track as that's where our speciality is. What's the point playing on flat tracks and trying to win the toss and just batting for 3 or 4 days,\" said Dhoni after England inflicted a humiliating defeat on India in the second Test here to level the four-Test series 1-1.\"You want to face challenges in Test cricket and these are the sort of wickets that push you towards that, so definitely all the wickets should be like that,\" he added.Insisting that he would like a typical sub-continental wicket in Kolkata as well, Dhoni said, \"I would like a typical sub-continental wicket, which should turn from the first day as I have been saying, so that there is no importance of toss and whichever team plays better cricket wins the game.\"You feel a bit disappointed (at losing) but the good thing about these wickets is no side is guaranteed to win and have to play well to win. That's why I call for a track that starts to turn early.\"Dhoni had asked for a turning track despite India winning the first Test by nine wickets on a low and slow pitch at Ahmedabad's Motera stadium to go 1-0 up in the series.Though his demand was met by the Wankhede curator, the hosts slumped to a huge defeat, unable to cope up with the left-arm spin of Monty Panesar and off spinner Graeme Swann.Heaping praise on Panesar, who grabbed 11 wickets in the match, Dhoni said, \"Monty bowled exceptionally well. Spinners from both sides bowled well but it was different to what Monty bowled. He was drawing the batsman to come on to the front foot more and was getting some turn too.\"\"If you see specially in this Test match, Monty bowled differently from all the other (spin) bowlers. Others were getting some turn and bounce but Monty was someone who was bowling at real pace, close to 90-95 kmph or even above that. Still he was able to get some (quick) turn. I think he was the one who had a big impact on the game,\" said Dhoni.\"If you compare all the other bowlers, most of them got the wickets but did not trouble the batsmen as much as Monty did, so I think a big credit goes to him. If you get performances like these the margin of defeats can be bigger.\"Dhoni also added that in comparison to Panesar, India's spin trio of Pragyan Ojha, Ravichandran Ashwin and Harbhajan Singh bowled a bit too short.The Indian skipper appreciated the efforts of the batsmen -- Cheteshwar Pujara, Alastair Cook and Kevin Pietersen -- all of whom batted well on a track that was assisting the bowlers.\"Credit goes to Pujara from our side who batted really well (in making 135 in the first innings). And Pietersen and Cook batted really well, played off the back-foot really well. I wish we (our bowlers) could have been a bit fuller and asked them to drive a bit more.\"We also tried to bowl fast but did not get the same sort of purchase from the wicket as Monty got. The way he bowled put a lot of pressure on the batsmen and he did not give us anything easy to score off.\"The thing we could have done slightly better is let them drive a bit more than what we did because if you bowl short on a wicket that has a bit of bounce you (batsmen) get more time especially if you bowl slow,\" explained Dhoni.Dhoni said barring Pietersen and Cook, there was not much difference between the two teams in the batting department.\"Pietersen and Cook batted really well, but apart from that both the scorecards resembled each other, one or two big innings and the rest all phone numbers....9, 8, 3, 5 or something like that. It (batting) will be tough if you play on wickets like this but that's what Test cricket is all about.\"Applauding the Wankhede track, Dhoni said such wickets test the batsmen's skills.\"As far as turning tracks go this was a very good wicket. Test matches should be held on such wickets as the toss does not become a vital factor. The wicket was turning from day one and both the teams have equal chance and the toss' importance becomes minimal.\"Dhoni defended his team's star-studded batting line-up, which collapsed for 142 in the second innings with all the top order batsmen, barring opener Gautam Gambhir (65) failing to reach double figures.\"You need big performances and in this game the big performances came from the English side. You have to start fresh in every game. We have experienced cricketers in the team who will do well in the coming games.\"We thought we will bat better than what we did. We did not bat the way we would have liked to bat. Yes, we did not perform to the extent we could have or what reflects on paper when it comes to our batting line up. We will innovate in the coming games and also the wicket will be slightly different. We will see how it goes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367670", "title": "26/11 anniversary: Some lessons learnt, but quite a distance to cover", "text": "Security breaches can be prevented only through a combination of measures in which mental anticipation of the possible situation is cardinal.The US security machinery's pre-9 /11 lapses were described as 'failures in imagination, policy, capabilities and management' by the Kean-Hamilton commission. Despite intelligence alerts since 2006 that a seaborne commando attack on multiple targets in Mumbai was likely, our resistance capacity was not strengthened.The two-man 26/11 committee recommended systemic measures to improve this situation by raising public awareness, creating resistance methodology, conveying intelligence appreciation to those at the grassroots, and streamlining the weapons and equipment procurement system. Four years later, we can certainly say that the 'imagination' factor about the nature of attacks has permeated among the Mumbai Police, private institutions and the general public through an alert media. Resistance capability has also improved. I cannot say the same thing about the state home department's policymakers as the confusion over CCTV, weapon and bullet-proof jacket purchase indicates.The central government gravely erred in treating 26/11 as an attack only against Mumbai and not as a national security crisis, despite Pakistani terrorists invading us through sea.No explanation was given why the National Security Guard came so late. The defence ministry neglected coastal security despite knowing that Maharashtra's 'patchwork' coastal patrolling since the 1993 blasts was ineffective. Even the new Coast Guard chain of static sensors inaugurated on August 25, 2012, does not guarantee results 'until such time complete physical verification takes place'. Security up to seven nautical miles is reverted to a fragmented and untrained state police who are in no position to specialize in this highly professional job, being subject to transfer.A nation's counter-terrorist (CT) machinery should have a common strategy, methodology and outlook. In India, a fragmented system of 28 state and 7 Union territory police undertake this task. Such a fragmented police system exists in other countries too, but they have over the years evolved joint teams for CT investigations and operations with great efficacy.It is the failure of New Delhi not to have taken the initiative in forging a national consensus on this. Also, at a time when we need the police to evolve itself as a cohesive and disciplined force under an empowered police chief to meet these challenges, what we see in many states is more and more powers of transfer and control being taken away from him as we recently saw in Maharashtra.The writer is a former special secretary, cabinet secretariat. He was also a member of the two member high-level committee appointed by the government of Maharashtra to inquire into the police response to the 26/11 terror attacks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kadapa", "code": "17365986", "title": "Medicos booked for ragging", "text": "KADAPA: Seven students of a private medical college here were booked on Sunday on the charge of ragging their juniors, police said.A group of seven students studying MBBS third-year allegedly ragged about five of their juniors on November 22 outside college premises by asking them to remove their shirts, they said.Following a complaint, Kadapa II Town police registered a case against seven students under the Anti-ragging Act. However, no one has been arrested so far, a senior police officer told PTI. Further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17365824", "title": "DMK for another UPA meeting on FDI", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK, a key constituent of the UPA government at the Centre, on Sunday called for a second round of discussions among the allies on the issue of FDI in retail sector.The DMK support on the issue is crucial to the Congress-led government which would be face a major embarrassment should the party decide to even abstain from voting if and when it takes place in Parliament.\"Karunanidhi has many reservations on FDI in retail sector. He has sought another round of meeting with UPA allies on the issue,\" Congress emissary and Union minister Gulam Nabi Azad told reporters after his meeting with the DMK chief at his CIT Colony residence here. Karunanidhi's daughter and MP Kanimozhi was also present at the 90-minute-long meeting. DMK sources said during the meeting Azad managed to soften Karunanidhi's strong opposition even as the Congress believed that at some point that the DMK was likely to relent and support FDI.Azad met Karunanidhi in order to take the ally on board to counter opposition demand for a discussion on FDI in multi-brand retail in Parliament under rules that entail voting. The UPA government has already called an all-party meeting in Delhi on Monday to break the logjam over the issue.Azad said there was a discussion about voting, if any and whenever it takes place in Parliament. \"I came to obtain the views of the DMK chief on discussion about voting if it takes place in Parliament. I must be candid enough to say that he has lot of reservations about FDI in retail sector,\" Azad said.Azad said he had informed Karunanidhi that when FDI was cleared by the Centre there were apprehensions among state governments and political parties including the DMK. The DMK leadership at that point of time had raised objections to FDI, he said. Azad said the Centre made an enabling provision that it will not enforce the decision on FDI in retail sector on those states which are against it, and it was left to the respective governments.\"I assure you that Government of India will not force the DMK or any other government to implement FDI against their wishes,\" Azad said, adding that Karunanidhi suggested one more meeting of like-minded parties, particularly the UPA allies. \"We will have another meeting of alliance parties so that they can express their views,\" Azad noted.The DMK has been opposing FDI in retail. It had supported the nationwide bandh called by trade unions and opposition parties, including BJP and Left, in September.When asked if the DMK would support the Congress government on retail FDI, Karunanidhi said, \"Movies with suspense do well.\"The meeting assumes significance as the DMK with 18 MPs, the second biggest constituent of the Congress-led UPA, has remained silent on the issue. Reports said the Congress was trying to convince the DMK as it was keen on avoiding a major embarrassment of a key ally abstaining in case voting takes place.A senior DMK leader said, \"A few seniors in our party especially from south Tamil Nadu have been opposed to the move as the small traders constitute a sizeable vote bank in the state. We were the one who first opposed it in Parliament. Also, AIADMK has been strongly opposing FDI in retail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366543", "title": "Probe tigress death, urges RTI activist", "text": "BHOPAL: Wildlife and RTI activist Ajay Dube has urged the centre to send a special investigation team (SIT) to Madhya Pradesh to investigate the death of a tigress in the forests of Katni, neighbouring Bandhavgarh tiger reserve.In a letter addressed to the minister for environment and forest, Dube has claimed that the norms have been violated while disposing off the remains of the tigress. He said that a post mortem was not performed and the forest department has claimed that \"it to be a natural death\".\"Without performing an autopsy how can they claim that it was a natural death, Dube wondered.On Nov 18, the official in-charge of the forest circle where the incident took place had stated that an FIR would be filed against the electricity department as the tigress was \"allegedly electrocuted\" and the electricity department was responsible for the management of power lines responsible for the incident.However, the forest department in its primary offence report (POR) no 307/ 21, did not mention any one and the report has been registered against \"anonymous\". In the POR, the department has mentioned the cause of the death as \"natural\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372570", "title": "Tom Cruise shuts down Trafalgar Square for filming", "text": "After spending Thanksgiving with daughter Suri, Tom Cruise filmed scenes for his upcoming science fiction film All You Need Is Kill in London on Sunday.The actor, who plays alien fighter Lt. Col. Bill Cage, landed in a helicopter in the middle of the usually bustling Trafalgar Square, which was shut down for shooting, in the heart of London, the People reported.Tom stars alongside Emily Blunt and Bill Paxton in the action flick based on a novel by Japanese sci-fi author Hiroshi Sakurazaka.The plot follows a soldier who becomes caught in a time loop as he battles aliens, becoming better skilled as he's forced to fight the final day of warfare over and over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366650", "title": "Man kills wife, surrenders", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A 37-year-old man surrendered before Thiruvambadi police on Sunday morning admitting to have murdered his wife.Babu, the accused, said to have committed the murder after consuming alcohol.The body of his wife, Minnu (29), was found at a shed at Chembilathattu near Thiruvambadi.The incident occurred around 12.30am on Sunday after a drunken Babu had a dispute with his wife.According to police, Babu is an alcoholic. The couple had frequent quarrels as Babu cast aspersion on the character of his wife, said the police.Babu surrendered before the police after committing the crime, officials said.The woman was attacked with hollow bricks by her husband, said the officials adding that they recovered 13 hollow bricks from the spot. She was also throttled by Babu, said the police.The body was handed over to relatives and was cremated on Sunday evening after conducting autopsy at the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital.Minnu, daughter of Balan and Kamala of Kodakkattupara tribal colony, is survived by three children.Babu was produced before the Thamarassery judicial first class magistrate court, which remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17369449", "title": "Petition being moved to Obama administration for recognizing Nov 1984 massacre of Sikhs as 'Genocide'", "text": "JALANDHAR: A petition being moved to Obama administration for recognizing November 1984 massacre of Sikhs in Delhi and in other parts of the country as \"Genocide\" has already been signed by over 7,500 persons.Initiated on November 15 by rights organization Sikhs for Justice and a few other organizations the petition argues that the intentional and deliberate nature of the attacks on Sikh lives, properties and places of worship during November 1984 makes them crime of \"Genocide\" as defined in 18 USC 1091 and as per Article 2 of the U.N. Convention on Genocide.It has already picked up pace in gathering signatures and on Sunday the momentum further in creased. SFJ Legal Advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun said that the petition required 25,000 signatures by December 15. Rights activists are optimistic that as the pace has picked up with spreading of the word around the petition may be able to gather more than the stipulated signatures.\"During November 1984 the Congress Party of India organized and perpetrated violence with intent to destroy the Sikh community, resulting in more than 30,000 killed; women raped; Gurudwaras burnt and more than 300,000 displaced. The systematic violence against Sikhs was concealed and portrayed by the Indian governments as Anti-Sikh Riots,\" the petition has argued.\"In 2011-12 mass graves of Sikhs killed during November 1984 were discovered throughout India, which is the most specific and convincing evidence that violence against Sikhs in 1984 was genocide,\" it has further argued while seeking recognition from Obama administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17366025", "title": "B Tech student hangs self in Noida hostel", "text": "NOIDA: Depressed over poor performance in studies due to illness, a B Tech (civil) first year student of an engineering college allegedly committed suicide after hanging herself from the ceiling fan of her hostel room in Sector 62 on Sunday morning.The deceased, Naziya (19), had topped the Classes X and XII board exams in her native district Deoria. SP (city) Yogesh Kumar said the incident took place at 1pm when her friends went to have lunch. \"The deceased was a brilliant student. Due to illness she could not perform well in the last one year and had secured poor marks. Also, last semester she could not appear for exams. Prima facie, it seems that she committed suicide due to depression,\" Kumar said.Speaking to TOI over the phone from Deoria, Naziya's mother Shaheen Begam said they last talked at 9am on Sunday. \"I used to talk to my daughter at least 10 times a day. On Sunday morning, I did not feel she was in depression. She told me she was not feeling well and upset about it,\" Shaheen said.Meanwhile, in a suspected case of suicide, a senior citizen was found dead after falling from the 18th floor of her apartment in Crossings Republik, Ghaziabad. Savitri Devi (75) was suffering from depression and could have fallen to death from the balcony, police said. However, no witnesses or suicide note has been found from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17367581", "title": "Bangalore builders set to home in on walled townships", "text": "BANGALORE: Once a city lined with bungalows, Bangalore has slowly seen its skyline change with high-rises the order of the day. By the end of this decade, the city's real estate landscape is likely to undergo a change, thanks to the growing interest in the city-within-a-city concept.Many developers are creating integrated, walled townships within the bustling metropolis. \"These townships allow individuals to walk to work, shop and access social infrastructure in a controlled and secure environment,\" says Karun Varma, MD for Bangalore &amp; Kochi in real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle .Amit Bagaria, chairman of Asipac, a development management consultancy company in the real estate space, says these townships would be self-sustaining to the point that people here needn't step out for 90% of their requirements.The townships combine residential accommodation with commercial office space, school, restaurant, retail facilities and hospital, with amenities such as parks and clubs. Some even offer police and fire stations.Projects under development include Sobha City on Thanisandra Main Road near Hebbal, Brigade Orchards in Devanahalli, Divyasree's 77 East off Old Airport Road, Bhartiya City in Hebbal, Provident Welworth City on the Yelahanka-Doddaballapur Road, and Patel Neotown in Electronics City.These projects are being developed on 30- to 100-acre land parcels. Reflective of the current state of the real estate market , some have a combination of luxury, premium and lower-cost residential options. Prices range from Rs 27 lakh to upwards of Rs 2 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367849", "title": "Only people can build Rama Rajya: Veerappa Moily", "text": "MYSORE: Rama Rajya was constituted by people of the state and not by Rama's administration. We are in need of such people who can build Rama Rajya, said M Veerappa Moily, Union minister of petroleum, here on Sunday.He was addressing a gathering at a seminar on 'Moily's literary works' organized jointly by District Kannada Sahitya Parishat, JSS Mahavidyapeetha and Vidya Vikas Educational Institutions at JSS College for Women.\"Rama Rajya was neither created by Rama nor his brother Bharata. It was created by people in the absence of Rama for 14 years. We have to find and nurture such people. I have written a book to create awareness about it...\" the minister added.\"If people do not respect and practise culture and tradition, then it may result in the death of a civilization. In world, 19 of 21 civilizations have collapsed because of this,\" he said.Speaking at the inaugural, senior writer De Javare Gowda said Moily, being talented, has come out with many literary works.\"His political career is clean as he is a writer,\" he claimed.V K Gokak, who had believed in poet T S Eliot's opinion that no epic will be written in the 21st century, himself wrote a magnum opus 'Bharata Sindhu Rashmi'.\"This was possible as he believed in Aurobindo and Puttaparthi Sai Baba. Moily has also composed an epic and it is because of his prayers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366551", "title": "Youth stabbed over peeing", "text": "BHOPAL: A 22-year-old youth sustained serious injuries after he was stabbed over a petty issue here late on Saturday. The Kamla Nagar police have registered a case under sections of attempt to murder in the incident. The condition of victim is stated to be critical. The victim is battling for life in a private hospital in the city, the police added.The police said complainant, Roshan Singh had gone to a wedding with his brother-in-law Ranjeet Singh, a light decorator in Wireless Colony Ground in the night.Roshan was loading lighting material on a vehicle in the night when accused, identified as Vicky, began urinating near him. When Roshan objected to it, the main accused and his two accomplices attacked him.The situation turned ugly when the victim was stabbed with a knife on his abdomen. Two accomplices have yet to be identified. They have been booked under sections of attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366857", "title": "Is human brutality better than animal's? Ask Pi", "text": "They will 'democratically' protest the screening of Life of Pi at the inauguration of 43rd IFFI, BJP said in Goa. Because? Pi says in a scene from Ang Lee's tantalizing 3D film, \"Thank you Vishnu for introducing me to Jesus!\"Thankfully, there was no protest at the end of Pi, filmed from a novel that Barack Obama found \"an elegant proof of God\". Perhaps because it establishes that godliness knows no doctrines. That it rules even the animal world - rather, the natural world, even universe. Now, that's Vishwaroop Darshan in today's terms, isn't it Pi?Pi is a name Piscine Patel gives himself to escape teasing by schoolmates. The 14-year-old from Pondicherry has a typically Indian, pan-religious upbringing where he's introduced not only to the Hindu gods he admires as 'super heroes' but also to Christianity and Islam.\"If you believe in everything you end up believing in nothing,\" his zoo-owner father warns him, pressing upon him the supremacy of science and rationality. But Pi intuitively understands that each religion has its strength - and this strength sustains him through 227 days on a lifeboat with a tiger.This strength may be described as faith, or belief. And belief is at the core of Life of Pi, the Yann Martel novel that won the Man Booker in 2001, as it is of inventive film by the director known for the exuberance of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, as for the human core of Brokeback Mountain. For, as Pi recounts his journey after shipwreck - when he lands on a lifeboat with a zebra, a hyena, an orangutan and the tiger, and arrives on an island of carnivorous algae - the insurance company disbelieves him. \"What's the true story?\" they demand, and he substitutes the animal cannibalism with humans: the crooked cook ('hyena' Depardeu!) who kills a sailor food, his mother for bait, and is hunted down by 'tiger' Pi. Which of the two versions to believe in, and what not to? What 'is' - and what 'isn't'? Well, answer that, and you've found your god!This could be why Ang Lee describes this latest showcasing of India - its spirituality that has drawn the world for years - as \"life transforming.\" Dhritiman Chatterjee does not find it to be so, but Shyam Benegal likes it very much. And Derek Malcolm thinks its universalism will get Pi millions more admirers.But spirituality apart, this viewer found the film a cinematic treat - especially for Indians. Pondicherry and Munnar are part of the reason, yes , but sensitive, strong-from-inside Suraj Sharma is a bigger reason. And even more - the royal Bengal tiger, Richard Parker. The curious relationship between the ferocious feline and Pi, competitors who help each other survive in this inspiring fantasy, is layered with the question: Are cruelty and violence inherent or induced by environment?And that sets Life of Pi apart from other animation films. The 3D technology, in this case, not only adds visual value but also to the entire philosophic quest of What To Believe. If the cocktail of allegory and religion acts as an appetizer, you'll go with god in the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368123", "title": "Experts delve into factors governing mental health", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The department of psychiatry at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH-32) hosted the 19th National Conference of Indian Association for Social Psychiatry that concluded on Sunday. The academic convention was co-hosted by the World Psychiatry Association and World Association for Social Psychiatry. More than 300 delegates attended the meet. Considering the contemporary relevance and recent global trends in the field of psychiatry, the theme of the conference was \"migration &amp; mental health\".Prof Driss Moussaoui, the president of World Association of Psychiatry, Morocco, presented a symposium on \"migration, globalization and mental health\". Prof Tom Craig presented a lecture on \"interpersonal stress and the medically unexplained somatic problems\". The head of GMCH psychiatry department, Prof B S Chavan, conducted a workshop on \"rehabilitation of persons suffering from schizophrenia\". An interactive debate was held on \"global mental health\" and a panel discussion was conducted on \"interface of private and academic psychiatry\". A team of World Association of Social Psychiatry conducted a symposium on \"therapeutic alliance and their relationships\" where experts deliberated on \"cross cultural alliances and issues in mental health\".Other symposiums such as \"community response to substance in north India\", a workshop on \"micro skills of therapeutic listening in psychotherapy workshop were conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17367949", "title": "Maharashtra fails to convict gender criminals", "text": "THANE: Crime against women has attracted least conviction vis-a-vis other offences in various courts across Maharashtra, even as cases of brutal assault, molestation, rape, kidnapping and dowry related deaths have multiplied by 24 per cent between 2006 and 2011, according to the 14 annual report of Crime in Maharashtra 2011.The conviction rate in case of serious offences against women, registered under the IPC, stood at 0.46 per cent at the end 2011. The acquittals awarded by the courts during the same year was 7.08 per cent.Of the 1.21 lakh court cases for gender specific crimes pending in various courts in January 2011, a fabulous 1.11 lakh cases or close to 92 per cent of the total cases were remained undecided and pending in various courts at the end of 2011.Lamenting the poor conviction rate in cases concerning crime against women, additional director general of police SPS Yadav, who heads the state CID, has said in his report that it is ``highly disappointing matter'' that the conviction rate in cases of molestation, sexual harassment and cruelty by husband or relatives was lower that the average conviction rate of the state.Of the 30,599 cases of molestation awaiting justice, conviction was awarded in 7.7 per cent cases with 91 per cent cases pending. In cases of sexual harassment, the conviction rate was 5.36 per cent out of the total 9,467 cases on board in courts beginning of January 2011.Advocate Arti Kalekar said the delay in dealing with cases related to crime against women has emboldened the attacks and intimidation of the weaker sex. If the cases are tried speedily and justice delivered it would act as a deterrent for offenders.Yadav in his report has suggested a string of measures including proper presentation of facts before the court, proper legal action against witnesses who have defected or choose to be indifferent besides arranging for special classes for the police officials for updating their legal knowledge.The senior IPS officer has recommended a thorough scrutiny of the acquittal orders by the top police officials at the monthly crime meeting presided by the city or district police chiefs where proper guidelines be given to concerned investigation officials.Statistics revealed that of the one lakh odd cases filed by the women victims or her family members in 2006, a bulk of 92,594 cases or 92 per cent were waiting for justice by the end of that year and conviction was secured against the accused in 569 cases, while in the majority of 6562 cases the court gave acquittal orders.Put simply, the conviction rate in 2006 stood at .41 per cent while 6.50 per cent of the cases were acquitted by the courts. Six years later, not much seem to have changed as 1.14 lakh cases or 91 per cent of the total 1.24 lakh cases before the courts in January 2011 were awaiting expeditious trial by the end of 2011 in various courts here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372561", "title": "DIY facial mask", "text": "Here is a skin mask that you can try at home to keep those pimples at bayBreakouts can be a mood spoiler for anyone, especially during the festive season when you're all set to look your best. Fret not though! Thanks to natural products that are easily available, it is easier than ever to say goodbye to those ugly pimples that spoil your festive mood. Here's a simple face mask you can easily try at home so you never see those pop ups on your face.Take about two tablespoons of nutmeg in a bowl and mix it with about a tablespoon of honey and milk each. Do so till the ingredients form a paste. Apply this to your skin such that you massage to the outwards. Leave this mask for about fifteen to twenty minutes and then rinse it off. End this by applying a moisturiser that suits your skin. Try this mask twice a month to see a noticeable difference on your skin. What is best is the ingredients are totally natural. Another goodness of this mask is, not only does it wipe out the zits, it also exfoliates and repairs the skin so you look gorgeous than ever.Please note: It is advised, before trying any homemade remedy, please consult your dermatologist in case you have sensitive skin.simi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17367986", "title": "Scamster picked pics from FB", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not securing your photographs on social networking sites could land you in huge financial trouble. This is what many people realized when they came to know that the mastermind of the recently cracked multi-crore bank fraud had picked up their photos from social networking sites and used them on loan applications.The ongoing investigation into the Rs 20 crore scam at Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, Sector 24, reveals that mastermind Rajinder Singh Kalsi, the bank manager, and his aides had used around 18 pictures from a social networking site for filling applications for loans. Though applications were filed with wrong names and addresses, loans were sanctioned against some of them.The fact came to light when Kalsi, Karan Thakur and Pardeep Goel, who were arrested on November 16, were specifically questioned about the source of loan applicants. Police sources said the gang members, headed by Kalsi, managed to sanction loans worth Rs 20 crore from Punjab &amp; Sind Bank-24 while filing a total 131 loan applications.DSP (EOW) Anil Joshi said, \"In all these pictures, which were taken from registered profiles on a social networking site, the names and addresses were wrong. People whose pictures were misused might not even be aware of it. Eight of these pictures were of women.\"Police interrogation also established that in some loan applications, Kalsi had used the signatures of gang members Rajmani and Prem Kumar.Kalsi was the branch manager at Punjab &amp; Sind Bank-24 for around one year and all fake loans were sanctioned during his tenure and under his supervision. The accused are lodged in Model Burail jail. Cyber crime experts said, \"It is very easy to copy pictures from a social networking site and get colored copies through sophisticated machines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14333923", "title": "First 3D Punjabi horror film", "text": "Khauf-The Hand will be the first 3D Punjabi horror film", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370569", "title": "Parliament adjourned till noon after uproar over FDI issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament on Monday witnessed uproar over FDI issue with opposition members shouting slogans during Question Hour leading to adjournment of both Houses till noon.As Lok Sabha assembled for the day, Speaker Meira Kumar offered tributes to those who had lost their lives in the Mumbai terror attack on this day four years ago.She emphasised the need for rooting out terrorism and lauded the role of security forces.The members then stood in silence to pay respect to those killed in the 26/11 attacks.Soon thereafter, BJP members raised the issue of FDI in retail and shouted \"take back the FDI decision\".Trinamool Congress members trooped into the Well with placards demanding subsidy in LPG cylinders and shouted slogans.Some members from Andhra Pradesh were seen holding placards demanding a Telangana statehood bill.With the uproar continuing, the Speaker adjourned the House till noon.In the Rajya Sabha, soon after the House paid homage to the victims of the Mumbai attacks, senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu raised the issue of FDI and was joined by other party colleagues.Naidu said his party has given notice to suspend the Question Hour to discuss the FDI issue.BSP and SP members too raised slogans against FDI in multi-brand retail. BSP demanded the decision be taken back.All the while Trinamool members were on their feet. As repeated appeals for normalcy went unheeded, Chairman Hamid Ansari adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369573", "title": "Jude Law dating wardrobe assistant?", "text": "Actor Jude Law is reportedly dating wardrobe assistant Ellen Crawshaw whom he met on the sets of movie \"Dom Hemingway\".Law and Crawshaw are not hiding their feeling and everyone can see their chemistry on the sets of movie, which is still under production.\"Jude and Ellen's romance is the talk of the set. It started last month when we were filming in France. There was an instant connection and they'd been flirting but it didn't turn physical until the night we all went out for a cast and crew party just outside St Tropez,\" dailymail.co.uk quoted a source as saying.\"Since then they have been inseparable. They are making no attempt to hide their feelings for each other and both of them look so happy. They clearly get on fantastically well,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370228", "title": "Nagarjuna-starrer Bhai launched", "text": "King Nagarjuna-starrer Bhai was formally launched at Annapurna Studios in the city on Monday. A pooja ceremony was performed at the studio premises and the regular shooting is expected to be commenced shortly. Veerabhadram Chowdary, who earlier tasted success with Aha Naa Pellanta and Poolarangadu, is directing the film while Nagarjuna is producing it under Annapurna Studios banner.Richa Gangopadhyay will be playing the female lead, which is expected to be an action entertainer in a mafia backdrop. Devi Sri Prasad, who earlier worked for Nag's films like Manmadhudu, King, Damarukam, etc, is composing the tunes for this film. Meanwhile Nag is fast wrapping up the shooting of another romantic entertainer co-starring Nayantara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366276", "title": "BJP not against new CBI director: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Sunday the BJP national leadership had only questioned the procedure adopted by the Union government in the appointment of new CBI director Ranjit Sinha, and not the latter's merit or considerations on which he had been selected for the important job.The leaders of opposition in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , respectively, in their letter to the prime minister, had pointed to the aberrations in the procedure adopted in the appointment of Sinha, Modi said.In accordance with the party line on the matter, following the missives dashed by Swaraj and Jaitley to the PM, Modi said since the report of the parliamentary standing committee on the Lokpal Bill had to be tabled in Parliament, it was not proper for the Centre to appoint the new CBI director.\"The proposed Lokpal Bill prepared by the parliamentary standing committee had made a provision for the collegium to select a suitable person for the post of CBI director,\" Modi said, citing the letter of Swaraj and Jaitley.\"The Centre should have waited,\" Modi said, adding: \"We have issues with the procedure, not with the merit or considerations of the Centre with regard to Sinha.\"He also said Sinha has roots in Bihar and, therefore, it is a \"matter of pride\" for the state that he has become the CBI director.He, however, refused to comment on the statement of senior BJP leader and Patna Sahib MP, Shatrughan Sinha , that the party president Nitin Gadkari should tender resignation as he was facing an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367076", "title": "More power pangs for Punjab as stir continues", "text": "RANCHI: The agitation against Panem, a joint venture of the Punjab State Electricity Board and EMTA Group of Companies, by Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) entered its 10th day on Sunday.JVM-P has stopped work in the coal mine of Panem at Pachuwara which supplies coal to three power plants of Punjab. If the agitation continues for more than 10 days, the power plants will face an acute shortage of coal as Pachwara mine provides 60% of the coal requirement of the three units.The agitators led by former chief minister Babulal Marandi , who is also the chief of JVM-P, are demanding a tripartite agreement between state, company and local people, for welfare work including construction of school and hospital by the company. \"We don't want to disrupt coal production or create problems for local people by organizing indefinite mass agitation without any reason. After waiting for years to get the facilities promised by the company, the party joined the agitation of local people and now we will not end it unless the company management fulfils the promises made by it when mining started six years back,\" said Marandi.He said that a charter of demand has already been submitted to the management of Panem and now the ball is in their court. \"If the company is genuinely concerned about the welfare of local people, then it should accept the demand or else it should be ready to face even stronger protest in the days to come,\" he added.On the other hand, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the leader of JMM legislative party in Jharkhand assembly, attacked JVM-P for its agitation as it has thrown life out of gear for the common man with most of the roads leading to the mines of Panem having been blocked.\"Any agitation is organized for the srights of people and it should be kept in mind that locsal residents don't face any problem. In order to gain political mileage, the JVM-P leaders have taken the needs and sentiments of local people for granted,\" said Soren, who is on a tour of the districts Santhal Pargana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365779", "title": "Big companies are now doing their bit to conserve Bangalore's water bodies", "text": "BANGALORE: Two batches of over 40 employees each of Deloitte hit the banks of Ulsoor and Uttarahalli lakes on Friday to clean them up. They joined hands with the United Way Bengaluru's 'Wake the Lake' campaign to rejuvenate water bodies. The day was observed as the corporate's annual Impact Day, a community investment event.Armed with tools, the employees cleared the Ulsoor Lake banks and walkways of weeds , cleaned the children's play area and painted the play equipment. Another batch cleaned the surroundings of Uttarahalli Lake and planted saplings.\"Our aim is to involve communities and put the lakes in a sustainable mode. If we don't act in our own small way now, the city will not be a good place to live in for our future generations. If we fail to put the lakes in a sustainable mode now, they are bound to die a natural death. Despite the civic bodies doing their bit, it is also our responsibility to do our bit,\" said Afzal Sulaiman, MD, Deloitte Consulting in Bangalore.Lake rejuvenation activities are now an integral part of corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives. Last week, Thomson Reuters had turned up to clean the Ulsoor Lake.\"Cleaning, rejuvenating and restoring the ecology of lakes is the only way we can ensure that the city is conducive to live. So far, we watched such activities from a distance. Then we thought of participating as well,\" said Milan Sarkar, VP, Safety and Environmental Services, Praxair India Private Limited. This corporate has pledged to financially support the activities around Ulsoor Lake for one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17400508", "title": "Sikhs celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: It is celebration time for the 200-odd Sikh families in the city who are commemorating the 543rd birth anniversary of Guru Nanak, the founder of Sikhism.To mark the celebrations, processions, Nagar Keertans and special prayers in the city's three gurudwaras besides the akhandpath (continuous readings from religious scriptures) from November 26-28 are being held. The ardas (prayers), kathas, keertans (devotional songs), paths (readings from the Guru Granth Sahib) are followed by the community langar.In the city, the Sikhs are found especially in 104 area and Sindhia. Most of them have businesses of their own though some also serve in the Indian Navy or are into government service. Some of the Sikhs have also ventured into transport, automobile sectors and some run restaurants.The numbers of 'Amridhari' Sikhs have increased considerably in the city. Secretary of the community Balwinder Singh says, \"Around 40 years ago, there were hardly any Amridhari Sikhs in Vizag. Now, we have around 50 such families.\" He explains, \"These are Khalsas who bear the five Ks (kesh or hair and keski or a small turban, kanga or comb, kaccha or short trousers, kara or steel bangle and kirpan or a sword).\"As part of the celebrations, the youth of the community are also launching their own association which will address issues relating to the younger generation of Sikhs, their social responsibility towards the poor and needy as well as promote local talent. Youth association president Amandeep Singh Marwar said \"We launched it on the auspicious Sunday when the Sikhs take out the Nagar Keertan (procession). Every Sunday, we will be meeting at the gurudwara after langar (community meal), and discuss our programmes for the following week.\"Gurdeep Singh Maan, a member of the association, said that any Sikh in the age group of 18-35 were welcome to join the group. \"We have around 30 members,\" he said. The pop-Bhangra loving Sikh youngsters have retained their religious traditions despite being away from their homeland. Brinder Saini and Navjot Singh, pursuing engineering and BBM respectively, don't miss going to the gurudwara every Sunday. \"The tasty langar and the peaceful atmosphere during the prayers and getting to meet our community people attract us,\" says Saini.Ramesh Singh, who came from Pathankot to work in the shipyard decades ago, considers himself a Vizagite. Singh polishes the shoes of devotees every Sunday as a mark of service to the Guru. Harpreet Singh Heppi, who came from Ludhiana, says, \"From birth to death and marriage, all important events of life are intrinsically connected with prayer and service at the gurudwara.\" The Sikh womenfolk, meanwhile, continue to whip up typical Punjabi delicacies. \"Nobody can beat us in making sarson ka saag , palak paneer, makki roti and mouth-watering pickles,\" says Ramandeep Kaur who manages three handloom stores with her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365978", "title": "Mazgaon chawl redevelopment to finally start?", "text": "MUMBAI: A mega cluster project in Mazgaon to redevelop one of Mumbai's most dilapidated building complex may finally take off with the Bombay high court giving a last chance to the developers to deposit a premium of around Rs 4 crore if they want to commence the redevelopment work.A division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Rajesh Ketkar cited a 2010 interim order in the matter asking HIMS Botawala Charities and the developer to deposit the premium within six weeks of it getting an NOC to start the redevelopment work.\"The HC order allowing the petitioners to carry on joint development was expressly subject to the condition of deposit. In the event of a failure of deposit, they would not be entitled to (this) benefit,\" said the judges earlier this month, giving a final chance to deposit the amount in three weeks.The Botawala Chawl, constructed in 1917, is located on a sprawling 4,721-sq m piece of land in Central Mumbai in Mazgaon. It comprises 18 buildings, housing some 423 occupants. For the major part of the last decade, the chawls have featured in the city's list of very dilapidated structures.The cluster redevelopment policy under the urban renewal scheme allows developers to redevelop cessed buildings housed in a minimum area of at least 4,000 sq m and gives them benefit of construction rights in the form of an FSI of 4. As per the proposal, the developers, Sarah Housing Development Ltd, can construct around 16,000 sq ft of residential and commercial space. While the occupants, mostly mill workers and their families, currently living in 150 sq ft rooms will be eligible to get new flats, the developer can utilize the remaining space to construct residential and commercial complexes to be sold in the open market.The trust moved the HC recently seeking permission to start redevelopment. Assistant government pleader G W Mattos informed the court that the state high-powered committee on cluster development had given its nod in January 2012 and the builders had been informed in April. As per the 2010 HC order, they were required to deposit a premium of nearly Rs 4 crore, which is 25% of Ready Reckoner rates for the land,\" said Mattos. The trust then sought three weeks time to pay the amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366902", "title": "Centre stresses land reforms to battle reds", "text": "KOLKATA: In a recent missive, the Centre has proposed a volley of measures to curb the rising Maoist menace in the state.Apart from stressing on poverty alleviation, it has asked the Bengal government to carefully handle issues related to land acquisition and use of forests and mines as the Red rebels often play on such topics to fan the sentiments of villagers.The Centre suggested the need for effective implementation of forest act along with the panchayat schemes to nip the problems at the grass-root level. \"There should be renewed impetus to land reforms like redistribution of surplus land, vesting title in tenants and carrying forward consolidation of land holdings for maintaining and promoting sustainability of agriculture,\" it said.Moreover, the Centre wants an improved banking system for farmers in the rural areas and investment in non-farm activitieswhich would boost the agrarian sector. The missive said that the state should provide necessary support to small and marginal farmers so that they do not fall into the Maoists' trap. \"Setting up of self-help groups must be encouraged and there should be proper rehabilitation of displaced farmers,\" it stated.Even while setting up SEZs, extreme caution should be taken, the report stated, adding that prime agriculture land should be avoided for establishing SEZs. The Centre said that the entrepreneurs do have a social responsibility and should accordingly decide on the land for building up SEZs.The report said that the police and the paramilitary force posted in Maoist terrains should be sensitized on the root causes of disturbance. This apart, the Centre wants the state to enhance the capacity of the police force and set up a special task force on the lines of the Greyhound force in Andhra Pradesh.Also, locals, particularly the tribals, should be adequately recruited in the police force to combat the Maoists. The atrocities against the tribals and SCs should be probed properly, as often such acts of violence prompt the SCs/STs to join the Maoist camp. Moreover, it has asked the state to demarcate the backward areas in the various blocks, based on the economic status, so that the Backward Regions Grant Fund can be channelized to these pockets.A senior government official said : \"Already Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has made a drive for recruitment of over 10,000 youths from Jangalmahal in the forceand more recruitments from the area are likely. Last year the Bengal government recruited junior constables, home guards and national volunteer force members and for that state government made it mandatory for the candidates to be from Jangalmahal.\"It also feels that the state should keep tabs on extortion rackets by Maoists. This apart, tribals must be made aware about government policies, so that they can be the beneficiaries, the report said, adding that there should be complete overhaul and systematic re-organisation of land holdings.Centre has advised the state to give thrust to poverty alleviation programmes and go for recruiting more locals from the Maoist belt in the police force to combat Maoists. The recent missive suggested a number of ways to tackle Maoist menace in the state and wanted to properly handle issues related to land acquisition and use of forests and mines, as red rebels are targeting to fan up sentiments of the aggrieved villagers.Centre suggested the state to tackle the problem at the grass root level and for that there is need for effective implementation of forest act along with the panchayat schemes. Centre has specially asked to improve the condition of the agrarian sector. \"There should be renewed impetus to land reforms like redistribution of surplus land, vesting title in tenants and carrying forward consolidation of land holdings for maintaining and promoting the sustainability of agriculture.\" Moreover, Centre wanted improved banking system for the farmers in the rural areas and wanted thrust in the poverty alleviation programmes along with investment in non-farm activities.The missive said that the state should provide necessary support to small and marginal farmers, so that they do not fall into the trap of the Maoists. So, there is recommendation for creating alternative livelihood opportunities in rural areas for the poor farmers. Even setting up of self help groups should be encouraged and there should proper rehabilitation of the displaced farmers, the report stated.Even while setting up SEZs, extreme caution should be taken, the report stated and prime agriculture land should be avoided while setting SEZs. Displaced farmers should be properly rehabilitated, the report said. The entrepreneurs setting up SEZ will have to take social responsibility, Centre wants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366004", "title": "Two arrested for Rs 3.3 lakh burglary in Ghatkopar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ghatkopar police arrested two history-sheeters, a few hours after they broke into the house of a provision store owner, Laxmilal Jain, and escaped with gold ornaments worth Rs 3.3 lakh on Saturday morning.The accused, Saddam Khan (22) and Fakrooddin Shaikh (20), were caught a few metres away from Jain's residence, which also houses his provision store, at Ashok Nagar in Ghatkopar (W). After the theft, the accused consumed narcotic substances and decided to take a nap.In his complaint, which was lodged around 4am, Jain said, \"I had got the ornaments, kept in a bank locker, home on Friday. They were kept in a bag. We didn't hear any sound when the thieves entered the house and took away the bag.\"The police suspected that this was the handiwork of history-sheeters and got the details of those who had recently completed prison terms. \"Khan and Shaikh were released from the jail a week ago.\" said Ghatkopar police inspector CN Puri.The accused ran out of luck when the police decided to comb the locality and pick up persons sleeping on the roadside. \"When quizzed, the two revealed that they had broken into Jain's house and made away with the bag containing the valuables,\" said the officer. The loot was recovered within two hours after the complaint was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366475", "title": "Malaysian non resident Keralites under lens over fake currency racket", "text": "KOCHI: The police have launched an investigation into a Malaysian-based racket, which has been indulging in various criminal activities in Kerala, including printing and distribution of fake foreign currencies.According to intelligence sources, though the suspects have been under the police radar for the last couple of years, their activities have been put under close scrutiny after a few Malaysian-based non resident Keralites (NRKs), who are part of the racket, started pumping money into the real estate sector in the state.\"The racket enjoys strong local support which helps the agents expand their operations in the state. As per the preliminary inquiry, the suspects have a well-established network in Tamil Nadu - mainly in Puducherry,\" the sources said and added that two main agents of the rackets were women and that they frequently fly between Malaysia and India. As per the documents with which the police are probing the details of the racket, one of the agents involved is a native of Thiruvananthapuram and there were cases pending against him in the state capital.\"After things turned difficult for the suspects in Kerala during the initial stage of their operations, they shifted their base from Kerala to Puducherry. A few agents of the racket were reportedly caught by the FBI in Malaysia for printing US dollars,\" the sources said.\"The racket went on to printing other currencies. The assets made through the illegal activities are found in Thiruvananthapuram and Puducherry,\" the document said.Officials said that they have the details of the suspects and the henchman of the racket in Kerala. \"We need to ascertain whether the racket is actively exchanging fake foreign currencies in the state through illegal money exchangers,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365951", "title": "New drug for TB in the offing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A new drug for tuberculosis (TB) is in the offing, thanks to the efforts of a unique initiative called the 'open source drug discovery' unit. The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), which is the lead organisation of the unit, started four years ago, pooled in resources and scientists from across the globe to develop the drug.CSIR director-general professor Samir K Brahmachari, who is also the chief mentor of OSDD, told reporters here on Sunday that it had become necessary to come up with a new drug as the first drug was developed more than 50 years ago. He said the OSDD concept was unique in the sense that a pool of scientists interested in contributing their research and ideas for developing the new drug.Samir Brahmachari also explained the concept of 'open source drug discovery' as an innovative model for affordable healthcare for all' while delivering the 25th Foundation Day lecture of the CSIR-Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) here. \"Major pharma companies are not interested in a TB drug because it is a poor man's disease and does not fetch them enough money,\" Brahmachari said in reply to a question at the post-lecture press conference.Though the world has declared a fight against TB, India was still far in the battle. He said every day at least 1,000 people die of TB in India. \"By 2022, we want to completely eradicate TB from India. With the availability of the new drug the death rate can be brought down to at least 10 per day, and this would serve its purpose,\" he said.Brahmachari explained that TB also results due to exhaustion and it is mostly the poor, like cycle rickshaw pullers who indulge in hard physical labour and are susceptible to it. The CSIR has developed electric rickshaws which are being used in various cities and towns, including Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.The new drug will go for clinical trials very soon. The effort of the OSDD has been funded by the CSIR and so far it got Rs 50 crore. Since the initiatives to find new drugs like cure for malaria will have to continue, an amount of Rs 600 crore will be sanctioned under the 12th Plan. CCMB director Ch Mohan Rao said ultimately the effort was to make low-cost drugs and effective generic drugs available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365843", "title": "Wedsites, photo narratives order of day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The big, fat, Indian wedding has just got candid and computer-friendlier with young couples in the capital opting for newer ways to make their wedding a memorable affair -- not only for themselves but for also those who have been a part of it.Studio photography and posting pictures on social networking sites is now passe. Wedding cards are being replaced by the wedding website, popularly known as the 'Wedsite', and the ubiquitous wedding album has given way to photo narratives or 'candid photography'.So when Delhi girl Saumya Goila decided to tie the knot with US-based corporate Ankur Aggarwal, they registered themselves with a website that let them create their own wedding page. The idea came to them from a Japanese friend who did a similar thing for his own wedding.\"We just wanted everyone to be a part of it. A wedding page gave us that opportunity. People who could not make it to the wedding could thus still be a part of our happiness,\" Ankur said. For just Rs 3,000 a year, they were able to make their own webpage on Facebook documenting their journey from singlehood to wedded bliss.It only takes one Google search to find various websites which offer package deals on making your own wedding site, wedding invites, etc. While elaborate wedding invites have been around for some time now, it's the practice of creating one's own website or Facebook page that is gaining ground among young couples.Gautam Gupta, a computer engineer, developed his own wedding site. His wedding invite was a part of the site. It consisted of a wedding itinerary, photo album and guestbook which let people leave their blessings for the couple. He took help of a wedding planning website and registered with it to have his own page.Couples these days are also opting for 'candid photography' over conventional photography. The concept is to let the photographer be with the bride and groom throughout the ceremony so that he catches all the candid moments. These later take the shape of a wedding story and become part of a photo narrative.\"There's a huge market for wedding photography. One can earn anything between Rs 3-4 lakh for just one function. People are bored of the age-old practice of studio photography,\" Mustafa Quraishi, a photographer, said.Pradeep Menon, who is part of Lucida Photographers, does 5-7 wedding assignments per season. He claims this trend is catching up with Delhiites. \"We don't set up a studio and click pictures on the stage. We first have a meeting with the bride and groom and get to know them. Then we take part in the celebrations as friends. It's usually a 2-3-day affair,\" Menon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17367542", "title": "No new ward in Rourkela town after delimitation", "text": "ROURKELA: There was no increase in the number of wards in Rourkela municipality in the recent delimitation even though population has increased over the years. The latest delimitation was carried out on the basis of 2001 Census instead of waiting for the 2011 Census report. As a result, the number of wards has remained constant at 33 though the town's population has gone up by 50,000 in these 10 years.The number of voters in Rourkela municipality as per the 2001 Census was 224,987 while it is 273,040 now. \"It was expected that the delimitation would be carried out on the basis of 2011 Census and at least one more ward should have been added,\" said S Mohanty, convener of Sahara Seva Samiittee (SSS), a voluntary organization.A notification regarding the much awaited delimitation and reservation of wards in Rourkela municipality was published recently. According to it, out of 33 wards, 17 of them have been reserved for women. Municipal authorities said they are looking into various issues raised by people. \"We have received many complaints. Those who do not agree with the notification can register their complaints within November 29,\" said Bijay Swain, executive officer of Rourkela Municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366933", "title": "Markandey Katju: Mamata is intolerant", "text": "KOLKATA: Press Council of India chairperson Markandey Katju on Sunday said chief minister Mamata Banerjee is intolerant and not ready to listen to others. People have the right to criticize and if one is insensitive to criticism, they have no right to be in politics, Justice Katju said at the Kolkata Press Club, after a programme on author Sunil Ganguly organized by Kalidas-Ghalib Foundation. He also said the chief ministers likes herself to be surrounded by \"yes men\".Katju, speaking to media at the Kolkata Press Club after the conclusion of a programme to pay tribute to Sunil Ganguly by Kalidas-Galib Foundation, also said people have a right to criticize and if one is insensitive to criticism they have no right to be in politics. In another significant statement, Katju also said the chief minister likes herself to be surrounded by \"yes men.\"Justice Katju said, \"I had praised her earlier. She has personal integrity and feels for the aam aadmi. Even Sunil Ganguly had said this. But she is intolerant and not ready to listen to others. You cannot run a government if you are not ready to listen to others. If one is insensitive to criticism they have no right to be in politics.\"\"She likes to be surrounded by yes men. But you need to have men around you who say a no. One needs to have good advisors to run the government. Chanakya had also said this in Arthashashtra. For this, the officers should be allowed to work in a fearless manner. It is for the government to take a decision but it is necessary that it is given sound advice,\" he said.Justice Katju came down heavily on Mamata Banerjee for praising the Gujarat model of development. \"Death due to malnutrition among children is perhaps the highest in Gujarat. Having good roads and few factories, isn't everything. If she (the chief minister) has said this, then she has made a very immature statement,\" he said.criticized the chief minister's statement for citing the Gujarat model for development, saying, \"Malnutrition death of children is perhaps the highest in Gujarat. By having good roads and few factories, isn't everything. If she has said this then she made a very immature statement.\"This is, however, not the first time that Katju has criticized the chief minister. On August 12, Justice Katju had drawn parallels between Mamata's rule and Nazism. He had said the chief minister's actions amounted to \"blatant misuse\" of state machinery.and \"flagrant violation\" of constitutional and human rights.The comments indicate a complete U-turn from what he had said earlier, on May 22. Justice Katju had then praised Mamata Banerjee for her \"impeccable integrity\".Her \"devotion to the welfare of the people\" far \"outshadow and outweigh\" her \"some defects\", he had said. \"No doubt Mamata has some defects, but then who does not have defects? We are all human beings, and no one is perfect. Mamata is sometime emotional and temperamental, but then these defects are far outshadowed and outweighed by her great qualities mentioned above,\" Justice Katju had said in a statement titled 'In defence of Mamata Banerjee'.This isn't the first time that Katju critised chief minister Mamata Banerjee. He was perhaps the most unforgiving on August 12 when he drew parallels between Banerjee's rule and Nazism. Katju said Banerjee's actions amounted to \"blatant misuse\" of state machinery and \"flagrant violation\" of constitutional and human rights. This appears to be a complete U-turn from what he said earlier on May 22. He had then praised her for \"impeccable integrity\" and her \"devotion to the welfare of the people\" far \"outshadow and outweigh\" her \"some defects\". \"No doubt Mamata has some defects, but then who does not have defects? We are all human beings, and no one is perfect. Mamata is sometime emotional and temperamental, but then these defects are far outshadowed and outweighed by her great qualities mentioned above,\" Katju said in a statement titled \"In defence of Mamata Banerjee\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370898", "title": "'The Railway Children' star Dinah Sheridan dies at 92", "text": "Veteran actress Dinah Sheridan, who appeared in classic British films including 'The Railway Children' and 'Genevieve', died peacefully at her home in Northwood, Middlesex, on Sunday. She was 92. According to her agent the actress was surrounded by her family at the time she died.Born Dinah Mec to a German mother and Russian father in 1920, she picked the name Sheridan out of the phone book.Her birth name was pronounced \"mess\" and she did not want to give newspaper critics any ammunition, she said.Sheridan landed her first film role at the age of 15 but put her acting career on hold to become an ambulance driver at the start of World War II.In 1942, she married actor Jimmy Hanley and had three children with him.Her son Jeremy went on to be Conservative Party chairman in the 1990s and his sister Jenny was an actress and presenter, hosting the ITV children's show Magpie. Another daughter, born in 1944, lived for just for three days.Sheridan and Hanley appeared in a string of films together but the actress left her husband in 1949. She enjoyed further screen success with the comedy Genevieve in 1953.On marrying the head of the Rank organisation John Davis in 1954, he demanded that she give up acting to look after their children. But the marriage soon became difficult and they divorced 11 years later after Sheridan suffered a breakdown.Her stage and screen career resumed, leading to the role in 'The Railway Children' in 1970.In the 1980s, she became familiar alongside Nigel Havers and Tony Britton in the domestic sitcom 'Don't Wait Up', while in 1984 she appeared with Keith Barron in the bakery-set TV comedy 'All Night Long'.Meanwhile, two years into a relationship with actor Jack Merivale, he was diagnosed with a kidney disease and she cared for him for 21 years until his death in 1990.Her fourth husband was the Californian businessman Aubrey Ison, who died in 2007.\"I've had a very strange life,\" the BBC quoted her as saying once.\"Whenever I've married, I've married for life. But things have gone desperately wrong,\" she had said. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371178", "title": "Ram Charan unveils Yamudiki Mogudu audio", "text": "The audio launch of Allari Naresh-starrer Yamudiki Mogudu has been a fun-filled event held at a private auditorium in the city on Sunday. Ram Charan unveiled the audio CD and handed over it to Allari Naresh. Koti has composed the music and the entire cast and crew of the film was in full attendance for this filmi event. Others who graced the event include VV Vinayak, Sarwanand, Nani, Krishnudu, KS Rama Rao, Bhimaneni Srinivas Rao, etc.Yamudiki Mogudu, directed by E Sattibabu, is currently in post production and is gearing for release in December. Chanti Addala is producing the movie and dialogues are written by Kranthi Reddy. Ramya Krishna will be playing seen in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17367002", "title": "Lens over 'faulty' fire system at SSKM", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouds the fire that broke out at SSKM Hospital's Alex ward on Saturday evening. While initial investigations had suggested that the blaze was caused by a short-circuit in an AC machine on the fourth floor of the main building, further scrutiny on Sunday indicated that the source could have been different. Following a visit to the hospital, health secretary Satish Tiwari admitted that the fire prevention system at the hospital was not fool-proof and that a full-fledged investigation will be carried out.\"The fire prevention system at the hospital is faulty. We have sought a forensic probe and shall carry out a check in other hospitals as well,\" Tiwari said. He added that more funds were needed to overhaul the fire-prevention system. \"We need more funds, which is not available at the moment. An investigation committee will be formed to look into the cause of the fire next week,\" said Tiwari.Asked if sabotage was being suspected, Tiwary refused to comment. \"We shall have a better idea once the forensic test is done,\" he said.About 80 children at the paediatric medicine and surgery wards, next to the faculty room which had caught fire, had a narrow escape. Patients and witnesses said nurses had helped them move the children away from the affected floor. But they were unhappy that the hospital authorities refused to accommodate the children at other wards. \"We were forced to shift back to the ward within two hours of the fire which was risky. We could still see the flames flickering and thick smoke was billowing out of the gutted faculty room. We were scared and couldn't sleep the whole night,\" said Raziya Bibi, whose 9-year-old son is admitted at the paediatric medicine ward. Her bed is merely twenty feet away from the faculty room.Had it not been for the nurses at the ward, it would have been difficult to move the children, said witnesses. \"My son is too weak to move on his own. I wouldn't have been able to rush him down the stairs. I was desperately looking around for help when the nurses carried my son down. None of the other staff or the police were around. The ward was filled with smoke and we might have choked if we didn't move out in time,\" said Rekha Maity, who had been sleeping with his ailing son when the fire broke out.Heaps of gutted papers, twisted beams, charred wooden frames and two burnt AC machines were all that remained in the faculty room. While the false ceiling has collapsed, a few almirahs survived the blaze. The room was locked when the fire broke out. PWD engineers and experts inspected the room along with Tiwari and SSKM superintendent Tamal Kanti Ghosh. Some experts pointed out that the damage to the AC machine was not substantial enough to suggest that it was the source of the blaze. \"If an AC machine is kept switched on for hours at a stretch, it might catch fire. But in that case the condensor is likely to explode and most other parts of the machine are likely to be gutted. It doesn't seem to have happened in this case. So, there is room for doubt. But we must wait for the forensic report,\" said an official.A forensic test will be carried out on Monday, the hospital authorities said. \"The fire was controlled quickly and patients were evacuated in time. We moved the patients back into the same ward for it was perfectly safe. We must now wait for the investigation report,\" said Anirban Ghoshal, assistant superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367487", "title": "Did you lie while buying insurance?", "text": "If you submit incorrect information or hide key facts, you may get a low premium, but it could lead to rejection of claim. Find out how to risk-proof your insurance claim. He is young, earns well and has just become a father. Just the kind of customer insurance companies want to target. Yet, when Harshad Doshi applied for a policy, his request was turned down. \"When I disclosed that I had kidney stones, they refused to insure me,\" says the Mumbai-based manager in a financial services firm.Despite the condition, Doshi (see picture) has managed to buy a 2 crore cover for himself-but not without putting his ailment on record, and disclosing that he was denied insurance by a firm.Not many insurance buyers are as transparent as Doshi. A sizeable percentage prefers to keep its medical problems under wraps. For some, it's tempting to conceal facts that are likely to push up their premium, or deny them an insurance cover altogether . For others, ignorance is bliss because they let their agents fill up the details. Almost 22% of the respondents to an online survey said they would either not mention their illness or seek the agent's help in concealing it to keep the premium low. Another 8% said they would not disclose the full extent of the problem, and water it down.Withholding crucial information about your health can have serious ramifications. If an insurance company finds out that a policyholder had concealed information that affected the risk to his life, out goes the claim. Every year, about 2% of the claims received by life insurance firms end up in the trash can. Some are crude attempts to defraud, while others display greater finesse. Yet, policyholders leave behind enough loose ends for companies to reject the claims. In 2010-11 , nearly 17,500 death claims were rejected. This is just the tip of the iceberg. As our survey shows, up to 30% of insurance buyers submit incorrect information.Smoking signalsOne of the most common lies in a life insurance application is the disclosure of tobacco use. The premium shoots up by 25-50 % if one consumes tobacco in any form. So, it's quite tempting to say that one doesn't smoke or chew gutka to keep the premium low. This can be a serious mistake. Most companies have medico-legal experts who scan the claim documents for any attempt to mislead.Remember, you will not be around to do the explaining . It will be your nominee running around to get the insurance money. Will your spouse or children be able to stand up against the legal onslaught of the insurance company? \"Buyers must consider whether the savings on the premium is worth the risk they take when they submit incorrect information that may lead to claim rejection,\" says Ranjit Rai Grover, director of the Amity School of Insurance, Banking &amp; Actuarial Science.Don't expect a company to be lenient because the policyholder's family is without support. Even if there is a ghost of a chance of rejecting a claim, a company is likely to take the gamble. Private detective agencies are called in to ferret out the medical history of the deceased. Field investigators fan out, inquiring from neighbours, relatives, pharmaceutical stores and hospitals. \"In every insurance contract, there is a clause that gives the insurance company (or an agency appointed by it) the authority to access any information from a hospital or clinic where the policyholder was treated,\" points Santosh Kumar, head of the Ghaziabad-based insurance investigation agency AMS Inform.For insurance firms, the 5,000-10 ,000 they pay to private investigators is money well spent-it saves them lakhs of rupees in death benefits. Claims amounting to 336 crore were rejected in 2010-11 .Role of claim settlement ratioThe surge in the number of rejections has led customers to look at the claim settlement ratio of companies before buying an insurance policy. This is is the number of claims settled by a company out of the total outstanding claims and new cases it received during a specific period. An overwhelming 64% of the respondents to our online survey said that they would go by the claim settlement record of the company while buying life insurance.However, experts say the claim settlement ratio does not have any bearing on the assessment of a claim. \"Claims are assessed on the basis of the merits of a case,\" says Swapan Khanna, co-founder of insurance research firm, I-Save . A company with a high claim settlement ratio will not pass a claim if there is something suspicious and there is no need to lose sleep if your insurer has a low claim settlement ratio as long as you have honestly disclosed all information. \"No company can refuse a genuine claim. The insurance regulator is very strong and pro-consumer in these matters,\" says Deepak Yohannan, CEO of online insurance portal MyInsuranceClub.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17366098", "title": "Maoists involved in MLA abduction held in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: A top Maoist leader and another rebel, who were involved in the abduction of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka, were arrested during a counter-insurgency operation in Koraput district early on Sunday. The arrested commander has been identified by cops as Lingama Habika (35), while the second Maoist is Kameya Habika. They were associated with the Koraput-Srikakulam divisional committee of the CPI(Maoist).The combing operation was launched by BSF and Odisha police following intelligence inputs of their presence at their native place. \"They were arrested from their homes. They have confessed to their involvement in the MLA's abduction and over two dozen Maoist attacks. Interrogation is on,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar.Lingama monitored Maoist activities when they abducted the MLA on March 23. The Maoists had felled trees to obstruct the movement of security personnel in Narayanpatna and the MLA was shifted from one place to another on Lingama's direction.Police said anti-Maoist operations were intensified in and around Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon, bordering Andhra Pradesh. \"Joint combing operations by BSF and SOG have been intensified in border areas and police are on high alert,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370624", "title": "HIL deferred by 2 weeks, will now start on January 17", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inaugural Hockey India League has run into rough weather even before its start and the franchise-based event's start has been deferred by two weeks to January 17 next year.The organisers of HIL said they were forced to postpone the league after all the six franchises expressed their displeasure over the unavailability of their coaches during the December 1 players auction.As per the new dates earmarked, the tournament will now start on January 17 and finish on February 17 instead of February 3. The players auction for the HIL will be held on December 16.\"The league has been pushed back by two weeks on the request of all the franchises during a meeting on November 24. The franchises have said that their coaches were all busy with the Champions Trophy in Australia and in such a situation it won't be feasible for them to select the best players in the auction,\" Hockey India secretary general and HIL chairman Narinder Batra said.The prestigious FIH Champions Trophy will be held in Melbourne from December 1 to 9 where eight elite hockey playing nations of the world, including Olympic champions Germany, England, New Zealand, India, host Australia, the Netherlands, Belgium and Pakistan will compete for top honours.Even though Batra said that the issue for postponement of the league was \"common\", it has been learnt that the Wave group, owner of the Delhi team, has requested the organisers to give them some more time to get their house together after the sudden death of its chairman Ponty Chadha.But Batra rejected the theory and said that Wave group is very much involved with the league and Ponty Chadha's death has nothing to do with the postponement.He also said that the International Hockey Federation (FIH) has been apprised about the recent development surrounding the league.\"We have informed the FIH about the new dates. We have kept FIH in the loop about any development related to the league because the event has been sanctioned by them,\" Batra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17365902", "title": "Cavelossim panchayat to allow CoP to dredge Sal", "text": "MARGAO: After local fishermen and boat owners complained, that they were facing tremendous difficulties trying to navigate through the mouth of River Sal, at the Cavelossim gram sabha held on Sunday, the panchayat decided to give the requisite NOC to the Captain of Ports (CoP) to carry out dredging of the river.At a previously held special gram sabha recently, villagers had told CoP officials not to go ahead with the dredging project till all stakeholders submit a detailed report, including an environment impact assessment (EIA).The villagers had, at that time, stressed that they were not against dredging which would benefit fishing vessels.The affected locals comprising fishermen and small boat owners complained that the ever-increasing sandbar at the mouth of River Sal made the movement of their boats very difficult, and was preventing them from coming from and going to sea.\"The panchayat decided to give the NOC after the people made it clear that they cannot come to the river with small boats, and that even water sports operators were getting stuck, and thus, this work has to be done,\" said Benaulim MLA Caitu D'Silva, who made his first appearance at the Cavelossim gram sabha and sought the permission of the chair before speaking.\"It is important that the work is done properly and a permanent solution is sought, as the government should not be spending money every year as they normally just remove the mud which is a temporary measure and after a month or so the mud accumulates again,\" added D'Silva.As far as the earlier stand of the panchayat, their demand that the CoP gets an NOC from the water resource department, CRZ and GSPCB, panchayat before going ahead with the project, panchayat officials said that the body had already communicated the reservations of the public to CoP.COP said it was important that the work start immediately so that by December-January, it would conclude. CoP said it received a proposal from Cutbona trawler and boat owners to dredge the river mouth for a better navigational channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17366079", "title": "Two die in separate accidents at Quepem", "text": "QUEPEM: Two persons died in two separate accidents in Quepem on Saturday night. Lazio Colaco, 25, a football player from Condy-Quepem, was returning home from Margao when his bike went off the road and rammed into the wall near the Paroda church at 2.30am.He was shifted by the 108 ambulance to Hospicio hospital, Margao, and referred to Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, where he was declared dead.In another accident, Shivdas Gaonkar, 30, of Khoddem-Balli, was returning home when he was hit by an unidentified vehicle at 10pm at Tank, Ambaulim. The culprit fled from the scene. On being alerted by nearby residents, Quepem police shifted Gaonkar to Hospicio hospital, Margao, and GMC where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366179", "title": "PM revives nuclear energy talks with Japan", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh sought to revive with Japan negotiations for peaceful use of nuclear energy, which has remained stalled since the Fukushima nuclear accident in March, 2011, in a meeting with his counterpart Yoshihiko Noda in Phnom Penh last week.Sources said Singh expressed hope before Noda that Japan would soon share its nuclear technology and expertise with India. The two leaders had met at the recent East Asia Summit in Cambodia after their annual summit in Tokyo this month had to be deferred because of announcement of polls in Japan.\"PM Noda replied by saying that Japan wished to advance consultations in a constructive and cooperative manner,'' Japan's foreign ministry spokesman Masaru Sato told TOI. He added though that it wasn't possible to give any date for resumption of negotiations.Sato said that Japan welcomed the signing of rare earth pacts between the two nations. It will allow Japan to import rare earth minerals, essential for its hi-tech industry, from India reducing its dependence on China which currently accounts for around 90% of supplies. ``Diversification of supply sources is always a good thing for any country,'' he added.The two countries had discussed civilian nuclear cooperation as a part of the wider India-Japan Energy Dialogue but formal negotiations have not yet resumed. During the dialogue, Japan also sought some clarifications about India's nuclear liability law that prevents suppliers from making themselves immune to compensation claims in the event of an accident. The two sides had held three rounds of talks over the issue before Fukushima.Without actually resuming negotiations, Japan has maintained that it remains committed to having civilian nuclear cooperation that was stated during the visit of foreign minister Koichiro Gemba to India earlier this year. Gemba's the then counterpart S M Krishna had said that consultations would resume soon. According to the joint statement issued after the summit meet here last year, the two prime ministers had directed their negotiators to ``exert further efforts towards a conclusion of the agreement, having due regard to each side's relevant interests, including nuclear safety''.For India, the outcome of the Japanese elections next month will be interesting as nuclear power is likely to be one of the main issues. The ruling Democratic Party of Japan has declared that it will work to bring down the number of all operating reactors to zero by 2040, but the main opposition, Liberal Democratic Party , not just wants those reactors considered safe to reopen but also to use nuclear power policies as a springboard for further economic growth. This is the first time elections are being held after last year's tsunami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17367757", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcProbe into Savita death to be over by Christmas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: The probe into Savita Halappanavar's death will be completed before Christmas, Ireland's health minister has said, even as her distraught husband was considering lodging a complaint with the Ombudsman for ownership of his wife's medical notes.\"I've made it very clear this investigation must be completed as expeditiously as possible and I now understand that will happen before Christmas and I may have an interim report in a matter of weeks,\" James Reilly , the health minister said. \"I equally understand now that the health information and quality authority (HIQA) have become involved and they will do that as expeditiously as possible ,\" he added.Savita, 31, died from blood poisoning at the Galway University Hospital on October 28 after doctors allegedly refused to perform an abortion stating \"this is a Catholic country\" . Reilly made his comments at the Mid-Western Regional Hospital in Limerick on Saturday, having earlier met Halappanavar's husband Praveen.Praveen said he was pleased to have finally met a government representative four weeks after his wife died. But he stressed to Reilly that he does not believe the health service executive (HSE) or HIQA are far-reaching enough. He has objected to the use of his wife's notes in the HSE inquiry, saying he has said he has no faith in an HSE-run inquiry and does not want her notes used in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366695", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNeed to bring gold purchases into mainstream\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Subir Gokarn said on Sunday that there is a need to bring the people who invest in gold purchases into the financial mainstream. The untamed demand for gold, pushing up its price and imports, has aggravated the problem of current account deficit of the country, Gokarn said in a presentation before the delegates of Bancon 2012, the annual banking industry conference in the city.Gokarn said gold occupies a very high position in the country's import list and has a serious bearing on the current account deficit. \"If we cannot check the demand \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and therefore the price, we must find ways to mobilise the money locked in gold for productive purposes.\"Gokarn said the current account deficit is at a high 4.2% of gross domestic product and gold imports are significantly responsible for this level. The gold output internationally has remained constant, but the Indian consumption has risen steeply, despite massive jumps in prices. In 2011-12 alone, gold saw a 39% increase in demand, Gokarn said.\"This is not a problem we can solve by imposing restrictions; we must find solutions in the form of financial products that will benefit investors from the price movements,\" Gokarn said.A modified gold deposit scheme and a gold-linked account without interest \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the value of which will change in a way similar to the net asset values of mutual fund schemes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would be some of the solutions, he said. Other ways could include gold accumulation plans like the systematic investment plans or 'gold pension plans' akin to reverse mortgage of housing properties, he said.Gokarn said proposals based on various such approaches would soon be published for public debate.Bancon 2012 concluded with a valedictory address by Union minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena. The minister urged bankers to improve their productive efficiency so that the costs of services for customers come down. Meena suggested that banks should focus on small and medium enterprises and understand the specific needs of different sectors to tailor banking products for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365858", "title": "Declining frog population worries Green Oscar winners", "text": "PANAJI: For an individual working towards bringing laws in the country to have frogs enlisted as endangered species and making their killing an offense, the scene in Goa could seem heartbreaking.Rampant mining is a major cause for loss of habitats for the oldest amphibians on earth and poaching frogs to serve it as a delicacy for commercial purposes is just sad, according to Vijay Bedi, who with his brother Ajay, was the youngest Green Oscar winner in 2004.After the brothers' patient recording of the breeding patterns of the red panda, where copulation takes place only once in 365 days, Vijay is busy scanning the Western Ghats for its common and not-so-common species of frogs and their mating habits. Vijay and Ajay Bedi are also the only Indians to have won nomination at individual craft category for editing for television's highest awards Emmy Academy of Television Art &amp; Science Award for their film on the highly endangered Red Panda.Goa, where Vijay is attending the 43rd international film festival of India, would seem like the ideal place to promote his documentation work given the disregard in the state for its frog population. \"Mining and hydraulic projects are the biggest causes behind the reducing frog population. While hydraulic projects tap the streams where the frogs live, mining is also a major habitat loss for the amphibians. The population of frog species is going down by almost 40% each year in the Western Ghats. Across the Ghats in India, we have documented 25 species of frogs and three new species. We will begin filming in Goa soon and there will be so many more undiscovered species in the Ghats,\" Vijay said, whose father and uncle Naresh and Rajesh Bedi were the first Asians to win the Green Oscar in 1984.\"Frogs are prey to many in the wild. They are eaten by snakes and birds. They are the first link in the food chain. Without frogs, the entire food chain would collapse. We want to bring about awareness with our documentary that it is as important to conserve the frogs as it is to save the tigers,\" he said.Vijay said that it is not alright to eat any frogs, whether they are from the Western Ghats, fields or even ones in the neighbourhood. \"If tribals are eating frogs, then it is fine because they will eat only what they need. But the commercialization of frog meat like it takes place in Goa is just sad. People need to know that it is an endangered species even if the frogs are from ones neighbourhood fields, they are not a delicacy and for promotion as a delicacy to tourists,\" Vijay said. He said that the reducing frog population is the single-most reason why the cases of dengue are on the rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17366739", "title": "Religious fervour grips Mount Girnar, lakhs join Lili Parikrama", "text": "RAJKOT: More than eight lakh devotees thronged Mount Girnar in Junagadh for the annual 'Lili Parikrama', which began on Saturday night.At least four lakh have already completed the 36-km-long 'Parikrama' around Mount Girnar, sources said, adding that one devotee, however, died of cardiac arrest while undertaking the pilgrimage. He has been identified as Chandu Parkhiya, 60, a resident of Gondal in Rajkot district.Water is a major issue for Junagadh district administration this time around. The surroundings around Mount Girnar in the previous years had turned lush green after the monsoon. However, this is not the case this time.\"Water scarcity is there. However, this has not stopped the devotees from taking part in the annual 'Lili Parikrama'. Lakhs of people have reached Mount Girnar from across the state. The district administration has made arrangements to ensure that there is adequate water for those taking part in the 'Parikrama','' said Pravin Savaj, a volunteer.About 30 special water supply points have been set up on the 'Parikrama' route to meet the drinking water requirement of the devotees, who are walking the 36-km stretch. At least 40 'anakshetras' (free food zones) have been set up by the voluntary organizations. The 'Parikrama' route begins from Girnar Taleti. The participants will walk through Jinabava Madhi , Sarkadiya, Malvela and Bordevi before returning to the starting point on the fifth day. Police have made tight security arrangements for the 'Parikrama.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366786", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGut bacteria in Indians different\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Researchers at the National Centre for Cell Science (NCCS) here, in collaboration with Agharkar Research Institute, have found that the microbes or bacteria residing in the gut of Indians might be different from those in the gut of the western population. In fact, the study found that 27% of the bacteria isolated were completely new and have not been discovered so far in other populations. Most of the bacteria found were good bacteria, helpful in digesting food and providing vitamins.The research suggested that microbes in the gut changes with age of the individual, though they may be genetically related and staying under the same roof.Yogesh Shouche, Nachiket Marathe and Sudarshan Shetty of the Microbial Culture Collection (MCC) at NCCS, along with D R Ranade and Vikram Lanjekar from Agharkar Research Institute were involved in the study, which was recently published in the international scientific journal, 'BioMedCentral (Microbiology)'.\"Microbes in the gut play an important role in human health. Trillions of bacteria are present in our gut and these bacteria help break down foodstuff, something that our cells are not capable of doing. These intestinal microbes outnumber our own body cells by a factor of 1,000, and still the knowledge of these microbes is largely limited,\" said ShoucheImbalances in intestinal microbes may be associated with various diseases related to the gastrointestinal tract, for example, inflammatory bowel disease and diabetes. Hence it is necessary to study the microbes, Shouche said.\"We studied the gut microflora or bacteria of Indian families, in three individuals belonging to successive generations, living under the same roof. This is the first such study and we have used modern techniques like qPCR and DNA sequencing,\" said Marathe.Over 90% bacteria in human gut, collectively known as the gut microbiota, come from two major groups \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Bacteroidetes and the Firmicutes. \"We observed a consistent decrease in the number of Firmicutes and increase in Bacteroidetes with increase in age of our subjects. This change in the ratio of these bacteria with age is different from previously reported pattern in the European population. The finding thus suggests that the microbes in Indians are different from others around the world. We also observed that individuals from the same family share some microbes,\" Shetty added.A large part of human gut is devoid of oxygen. The researchers isolated 'anaerobic' bacteria (bacteria which survive without oxygen) from human fecal samples and found that 27% of these bacteria are potential 'novel bacteria', which have not been discovered so far. \"This suggests that our gut harbours many novel bacteria, which can be explored as possible probiotic supplements, which encourage the growth of natural healthy bacteria in the gut,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17368232", "title": "Prayers, fasting, special functions mark Ashura", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ashura, the 10th day of the Islamic month of Muharram on which Hazrat Imam Hussain, grandson of Prophet Muhammad attained martyrdom, was observed with devotion in the city on Sunday. Thousands of members of the Muslim community performed special prayers at various mosques in the city.A special religious function was held at the Shahi Mosque, where the Shahi imaam (priest), Maulana Habib-ur-Rehman Sani Ludhianvi, addressed the gathering.Speaking on the occasion, the Shahi imaam said the example of sacrifice which Hazrat Imaam Hussian has set is an unmatched one in the history of mankind. He added that it is considered to be a good deed to observe a fast on this day and special prayers are offered in mosques.Abdul Subhaan, a businessman from Brown Road said, \"Hazrat Imaam Hussain sacrificed his life for the cause of Islam on this day. I offered special prayers today. Besides observing fast, we also feed the poor on this day. It is also the day when Allah showers his blessings on the community.\"Ghulam Hassan Qaisar, a writer, who is a resident of Field Gunj said, \"I attended a religious function at the Shahi Mosque and listened to a lecture on the importance of the day. I have asked my wife to prepare special food tonight to serve it to the poor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17369363", "title": "Too much meaningless violence in today\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s films aimed at youth says Sathyu", "text": "PANAJI: Veteran film director M S Sathyu has expressed dismay over the rising number of violent films that are being churned out lately by the film industry. \"A lot of films are made today where violence has become very important,\" said Sathyu who made the acclaimed 1973 film Garam Hawa (scorching winds). \"Many times, the violence is needless,\" he added.Speaking at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) 2012 in Goa, Sathyu said these films were being targeted at the younger audience as they form a large chunk of cinema goers. He cited recent flicks Agneepath , Gangs of Wasseypur and Shanghai as examples.\"Human stories are missing (in today films),\" the Padma Shri award winner lamented.Sathyu revealed that his film Garam Hawa, considered the most authentic film on the pre-independence partition of the country, has been painstakingly restored with work done on 2.5 lakh frames, while the mono sound has been converted to Dolby Digital 5.1 stereo surround sound in the US.\"The whole film when you see it looks like an absolutely new film. It is technically as good as any film today,\" a beaming Sathyu said.The film is part of the centenary package of movies at IFFI 2012, and will release in theatres on January 18, 2013.He felt it was necessary to revive historical films and show them to young people to give them an understanding of the country's history, while adding that most young people today are unaware of what the country went through during the time of the partition.Describing the making of the film, Sathyu said \"The film was made with very little equipment. We had just one camera and one lens. And it was shot with just six lights.\" \"It was shot in real locations in Agra,\" he added.He said it was difficult to achieve good quality with very little equipment, but gave credit to his cameraman for his skill in shooing the film.Sathyu admitted that when he made the film, he didn't think that it will have so much significance but noted that Garam Hawa had inspired other filmmakers to make films related to the India-Pakistan subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17369634", "title": "Nehru's ambition to become world hero responsible for 1962 Himalayan blunder: Tipnis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Former Prime Minister (PM) of India, Jawahar Lal Nehru's ambition to become world hero, had surrendered the national security interest during 1962 Indo-China war,\" said Air Chief Marshal Anil Y tipnis, former chief of Indian Air Force (IAF).Tipnis was in Chandigarh on Sunday to preside over a seminar on \"India and China: After 5 decades of Sino-India War\" organized by centre for security and strategy. Further referring the role of Nehru during the Indo-China war and his \"failure\" to act on prior information about Chinese intention, Tipnis said that the results of the war reflects his Inability to read writings on wall\". He added that the then political head of the nation must have stepped down because Indian troops were not having basic clothing and weapon and it was really shocking \"how they ordered them to loose the war\".Speaking on the issue, former army Chief, General V P Malik said that Nehru was the single face of India as far as foreign affairs were concerned at that time and his 'Forward policy' during the war was without application of mind because it was ordered without accessing our own strength, capabilities of air power and building infrastructure for the troops.General Malik also rubbished Nehru statement made at that time on Indo-China war in Srilanka that \"he has ordered his army to throw them (chinese) out \".Malik added that the then home minister, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had informed the government through a letter on November 7, 1950 about that the Chinese government is trying to delude us by professions of peaceful intentions but the letter was kept locked for 12 years.General Malik termed the decision of not using air force at that time as \"Unforgettable error of judgment\".Malik also criticised the statement of Nehru made in 1962 that India is in better position in Ladakh region while the GOC of 15 corps, who was responsible for the security of Ladakh region, Lt Gen S D Verma had disagreed Nehru's claim.Bharat Karnad, Research Professor, Centre for Policy Research, was of the view that time has come when India should adopt the policy of Tit fo Tat with China. Karnad added that the historical experience says that 'appeasing policy' adopted by India for China, is not viable at present time.He also emphasizes on spending India's defence budget on developing strategic capabilities like what China is doing.Former high commissioner of India to Pakistan, G Parthasarathy was of the view that for China, morality does not matter and the time has come when India need to be very firm with China. Speaking on the ocassion, Security analyst Ram Madhav said that the strategic culture in the country needs to be developed. Organiser of the seminar, former Director General of Police (DGP) Punjab, P C Dogra introduced the audience about the topic and the speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17363998", "title": "Rohan Bopanna ties the knot with Supriya", "text": "MADIKERI: Rohan Bopanna tied the knot with Supriya, studying MA in Bangalore, in a glittering ceremony at a picturesque luxury resort on Sunday morning.Rohan, 32 was dressed in traditional cream-coloured attire, while his bride was in a red sari.Rohan, son of Machanda Bopanna and Mallika of Garagandur village, Madapur, and Supriya, daughter of Chodumada Col. Annaiah and Saroo, exchanged garlands in the Dampathi muhurtham at 10.46am.The wedding ceremony, which was held not far from where the 6 ft 4' Kodava was born and raised --- Madapur -- had almost the entire Indian tennis fraternity in attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17367464", "title": "Sikh jatha leaves for Pakistan to celebrate Gurpurab amidst Taliban threat", "text": "AMRITSAR: A Sikh jatha left for Pakistan to celebrate the birth anniversary of first Sikh master Guru Nanak Dev amidst Taliban threats of targeting Indians to avenge the hanging of Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab.All the pilgrims demanded from both Indian and Pakistan governments to ensure that they were provided foolproof security while visiting gurdwaras and market places in Pakistan.A Sikh devotee Kirpal Singh said, \"We have been reading about Taliban threats and are concerned about our security during pilgrimage in Pakistan\".He said he believed that the Indian government would have taken up the issue of jatha's security with Pak government and added that it was their prime concern.Another pilgrim Swaran Singh said, \"I don't want any untoward incident to happen during our religious visit to Pakistan and hope that we will get full security during our stay in Pakistan.\"Notably Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh had already directed the single largest representative body Shiromani Gurdwara Parabandhak Committee (SGPC) to take up the issue of security of jatha with government.Meanwhile, there was much uproar over poor arrangements to receive the jatha at Attari railway station, as the devotees had to jostle to enter the platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17372021", "title": "Navy chief leaves for Vietnam to bolster bilateral defence cooperation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Navy chief Admiral D K Joshi leaves for Vietnam on a three-day visit to bolster bilateral defence cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366031", "title": "Will minorities get a fillip in next Budget?", "text": "The finance department has begun the exercise of drafting the state budget for the next financial year, 2013-14. All the departments were required to submit their \"numbers statements\" online before October 15. Finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy is scheduled to hold meetings with his ministerial colleagues, along with principal secretaries and heads of departments, to finalise the budgetary allocations for various departments, during December. The departments have been asked to limit the expenditure under non-Plan and indicate the required allocations for various schemes under the Plan as per the overall priorities of the government.While the overall budget size and annual Plan outlay for 2013-14 will be determined by resource position of the government, particularly the buoyancy of state revenues and resource flows from the central government, the finance minister is expected to ensure that higher allocations are made for welfare schemes for various sections of society __ Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, backward classes and minorities.The finance department will also be finalising the sector-wise allocations for the 12th Five-Year Plan since the Plan commenced in April 2012 and the allocations for first year (2012-13) were made on pro-rata basis. Will the minorities, who constitute 11 per cent of the state's population, figure prominently in the state government's priorities for the welfare sector in the 2013-14 budget?The finance minister, definitely, has to walk a tight-rope, given the state's not-so-rosy financial situation and the non-elasticity of central assistance beyond what is envisaged in the 13th Finance Commission's recommendations. But will the minorities have something to cheer about when the finance minister unveils the budget in the state Assembly early next year? It is difficult to predict at this moment, if what happened last year is any indication.Minorities welfare department had submitted proposals for allocation of Rs 534.66 crore in the 2012-13 budget to the finance and planning department. Subsequently, the department submitted proposals for additional allocations of Rs 1,227.07 crore, apart from Rs 534.66 crore sought earlier. Minorities welfare minister Syed Mohammad Ahamadullah submitted proposals for budgetary allocations of Rs 729.68 crore to the finance minister. However, the state budget allocated Rs 489 crore for minorities welfare in 2012-13, compared to Rs 301 crore in 2011-12. The overall expenditure on minorities' welfare during the 11th Five-Year Plan period (2007-2012) totaled Rs 1,000 crore. The state government would need to step up the outlays for minorities welfare in the 12th Five-Year Plan by 400 to 500 per cent. But, this cannot be achieved if the annual budgetary allocations hover around Rs 500 crore in the remaining four years of the 12{+t}{+h} Plan period. Moreover, bulk of the minorities welfare allocations are earmarked for scholarships, fees reimbursement and other educational and training programmes, leaving very little for all other welfare and socio-economic schemes for minorities. Against this backdrop, there is an urgent need to increase substantially the allocations for welfare of minorities in the remaining four years of the 12th Five-Year Plan period, particularly from 2013-14 budget onwards.The allocations for minorities welfare should be proportionate to their population (11 per cent of the state's total population) and also compare well with the quantum of funds allocated for SC, ST and BC Welfare. The finance minister would do well to double the allocations for minorities welfare in the forthcoming state budget for 2013-14, which is incidentally the second year of the 12th Five-Year Plan, to Rs 1,000 crore. The higher outlay is needed to ensure adequate allocations for economic betterment programmes and other welfare schemes for the minorities, apart from scholarships and fees reimbursement schemes.The PM's 15-Point Programme for Welfare of Minorities is aimed at providing additional budgetary allocations for welfare and upliftment of minorities in various fields by earmarking funds for them in the centrally sponsored schemes implemented through the state government. The central government has identified three specific schemes and 15 general schemes under which the minorities are entitled to get 15 per cent of the allocations and 15 per cent of the physical targets under the PM's 15-Point Programme. If we calculate the allocations made for these 18 schemes identified under the PM's 15-Point Programme, the central government has earmarked massive allocations of Rs 6,762 crore for AP for these schemes in the 2012-13 budget.A 15 per cent share for minorities comes to Rs 1,029 crore. If the state government really ensures that these 15 per cent allocations are actually spent on the minorities, this would give an immense boost to their overall development and welfare. But the irony is that the PM's 15-Point Programme is not being implemented effectively in the state since 2006-07 and there is very little monitoring of the line departments which are supposed to earmark 15 per cent of physical targets and financial allocations for minorities under the centrally sponsored schemes. Will the finance minister look into these issues as well?(The writer is a member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366702", "title": "Woman's bag containing cash, gold snatched in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: A motorcycle-borne youth snatched a purse containing cash and gold ornaments from a 46-year-old woman at Pimpri on Saturday morning. The worth of the stolen booty is Rs 1.74 lakh.The woman, Mary Gurappa of Nilayam society in Pimpri, has lodged a complaint with the Pimpri police.The incident occurred around 6.30 am when Gurappa and her neighbour were on way to Gurappa's grand daughter's house to attend a function. The suspect came from behind on a motorcycle and gave Gurappa a push. As she fell down, he snatched her purse, which contained gold ornaments, cash and a cell phone.In another incident, two unidentified persons on a motorcycle thrashed a 24-year-old man and robbed him of his cell phone and cash, totally worth Rs 5,000. The incident took place at Yamunanagar in Nigdi on Thursday. A complaint has been lodged by Abhijit Kamble with the Nigdi police station.Nigdi police said Kamble was on his motorcycle when the duo, who was following him on another motorcycle, hit Kamble's bike. When Kamble fell on the road, they thrashed him and snatched his cell phone and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17366249", "title": "Cops step up action against drunk drivers", "text": "NASHIK: In view of the rising accidents and incidents of rash driving in various parts of the city, the police have come down heavily against drunk drivers.As per police records, nearly 212 motorists have faced action for driving in an inebriated state this year. During the same period last year, the police had only 75 cases of drunk driving.As part of the preventive measures undertaken by the police, all the police stations of the commissionerate have started putting up check points in their respective jurisdictions, where people driving under the influence of alcohol are booked.Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Sahebrao Patil of Zone 1 said that currently all the police stations have been directed to put up check points on regular basis. At any given time there are nearly 75 such points across the city.Check points are serving many purposes. They keep crimes like chain-snatching and vehicle thefts under check. While checking the documents of vehicles, the police also identify if a motorist is driving under the influence of alcohol. Thus they are also proving a deterrent to rash driving.Senior officers said that the action against drunk drivers has not only kept rash driving under control, but at the same time, offences by youngsters during night hours under the influence of alcohol have also come down.Rash driving in inebriated state is seen on a large scale on the Mumbai-Agra highway in the stretch between Dwarka to Pathardi Phata and also on the Gangapur Road where there are a large number of bars and permit rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17367972", "title": "Need to treat juveniles sensibly highlighted", "text": "MYSORE: Change in mindset is the need of hour. Sensitization and change of attitude are the biggest challenges today, said R Basanth, former justice of Kerala High Court, here on Sunday.Justice R Basanth was addressing a regional workshop on 'Sensitization on implementation of provisions of Juvenile Justice Act (2000) as amended in 2006 and 2011' organized by Karnataka State Legal Services Authority at JSS Law College.He said that attitude of law has been changed with change in the nomenclature of laws. \"We call Indian constitution as socialistic constitution, and the constitution of socialistic is built on humanism, for which our perception needs to be changed..,\" he said.Explaining about the attitude and culture of the people which affect the development of children, he said the culture of civilization is based on how one deals with children.Stating that children are no more the property of parents, he said the interests of the former tangents outside the boundary, \"and it's important to learn how to deal with children\".Speaking at the inaugural of the workshop Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh, judge of Karnataka High Court, said: \"To promote, protect and streamline the system of juveniles, we have to learn to behave with them. They have to be dealt with differently, and segregated from hardcore criminals.\"Elaborating the same, Justice Ramesh said: \"Police personnel must be trained to change their attitude towards juveniles. Children have to be medically checked and made mentally strong. It's important to canvas about Juvenile Justice Act and educate the persons concerned on how to deal with juveniles.\"Now, every district in the state has a juvenile centre, while only 10 districts had such centres earlier.Justice Ramesh also said that malnutrition is the biggest hazard in the country, and that there are lapses in addressing it. A special committee comprising NGOs and social activities has been set up to monitor the successful implementation of the project. \"The committee will take measures to address malnourishment problem and to ensure physical and mental health of children,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365851", "title": "Recovery agents \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcharass\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 81-year-old over son\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dues", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police have lodged a non-cognizable complaint against the recovery agents of a bank in Kalina for allegedly harassing and threatening an 81-year-old woman over the credit card dues of her son.The callers had allegedly told the elderly woman that she would be kidnapped if she did not clear her son's credit card dues amounting to Rs 96,000.Laxmi Bhandarkar, a retired schoolteacher from Marol, has alleged that she received over 1,500 threatening and abusive calls in the last two months from the recovery agents, all women. Similar calls were allegedly made to her son's colleagues as well.A senior Powai police officer was allegedly abused by the customer care executive of the recovery agency when he called to verify the woman's complaint. \"The executives were abusive and rude. We are probing the matter and collecting evidence to ascertain if the agency is genuine,\" said senior inspector (Powai) Bajirao Bhosle. The senior citizen, who stays alone in a residential complex on Marol Military Road, said she is traumatized. \"The callers used filthy words. They asked me why I gave birth to such a defaulter son,\" she said.Bhandarkar's son Varadraj, who is employed as the chief financial officer in a UK-based company, told TOI on Saturday that he has been working in UK since 2008. \"When I learnt about the fraudulent transaction, I informed the bank and submitted a dispute letter to close the transaction. Now, some recovery agency claiming to represent the bank is calling me, my mother and my friends and threatening us,\" Varadraj said.He said, \"The amount (Rs 96,000) is not much and I can pay it off easily, but I won't because it is the bank's fault. When I checked with the bank in the UK, it said it has not asked any agency to recover the dues on its behalf. The bank in the UK has asked me to check with a private bank in India which has assigned the recovery job to the agency.\"Varadraj's friend Vikas Bali, who resides in Marol and has been taking care of Varadraj's mother, said a man came to her house, saying he was a recovery agent and had come to collect the money. When the victim denied him entry, he asked her to allow him to make calls from her landline phone to her son. But she didn't allow him to enter. \"The agency has been calling me and my employees. I told them that I was ready to make the payment and that they should stop calling me, but to no avail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17367524", "title": "Lack of basic infrastructure ails homeopathy college", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Students of government-run Biju Patnaik Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital in the town are forced to go to the neighbouring City Hospital for their one-year internship and other practical classes as the college has no in-patient department (IPD).The 43-year-old college has only out-patient department (OPD). On an average around 200 patients visit the OPD, where two medical officers and college teachers treat the patients, sources said.The IPD has not been functioning due to staff crunch though the government had provided costly equipment worth Rs 20 lakh to the college around five years ago and a 25-bed indoor hall was constructed three years ago. The equipment, including ultrasound, X-Ray, urinalysis, blood analyzers and malaria test machines, are lying dumped in the hospital.During an inspection by the Central Council of Homeopathy (CCH) recently, the apex body to verify infrastructure facilities of colleges before admission, the government had promised to start operating the indoor department, but to no avail.\"We had decided to start the indoor department from April last year with the existing staff. It could not take off because the works department started expansion of buildings,\" said college principal P K Pati. Work for two buildings at an estimated cost of Rs 86.50 lakh is expected to be completed in the next four months. \"As soon as the college authorities get the building, we will start operating the IPD,\" Pati said.Students of the medical college have been undergoing practical classes in the anatomy and other departments of City Hospital, said the principal of the homeopathy college, which has 12 departments. Twenty-five students take admission in the five-and-half-year duration undergraduate course in homeopathic medicine and surgery (BHMS) every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365803", "title": "Derailment, megablocks leave citizens stranded", "text": "MUMBAI: The derailment of a goods train near Diva station and the megablocks on Central, Harbour and Western lines inconvenienced scores of suburban commuters on Sunday.The derailment, which occurred near Diva station around 6.30am, threw services on the fast corridor out of gear for more than an hour. Some of the suburban trains plying between 6.30am and 7.30am were cancelled, sources said. Central Railway (CR)'s long-distance trains entering Mumbai early in the morning were diverted to slow tracks. The cause of the derailment is yet to be ascertained and an inquiry has been instituted.\"The derailed wagon was removed by 7.35am. One of the fast tracks (Down line) was restored by 7.35am while the other track (Up fast) was cleared by 9.25 am,\" a CR spokesperson said, adding that there was no major inconvenience to passengers. \"The megablock was carried out on the Up slow line between Kalyan and Thane stations from 11.30am onwards. By then, the fast tracks had been cleared and trains were diverted through Up fast lines,\" he said. Passengers, however, said platforms were packed and they had to wait for trains.On Harbour line, there was a major megablock between Kurla and Mankhurd stations from 11am to 3pm, disconnecting the rail network from Navi Mumbai to Mumbai for four hours. While railway officials said they ran special trains from CST to Kurla and from Mankhurd to Panvel, passengers said they had a harrowing time travelling in buses, autos and taxis from Vashi to Kurla.Those travelling on WR also faced inconvenience with passengers complaining about trains running late. \"I was waiting for a Churchgate-bound train for more than half an hour at Borivli station in the morning. The trains were not running on time,\" said a commuter. WR officials claimed there wasn't much problem. \"We had announced the block between Borivli and Goregaon two days in advance. Passengers should co-operate with us as blocks are undertaken for maintenance,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366809", "title": "Government asks oil firms to order ethanol by December 1", "text": "PUNE: The Centre's decision to allow blending of ethanol with petrol is being looked upon as a major boon for the sugar industry in the country, particularly in Maharashtra.The Union government has asked oil companies and ethanol producers to fix prices and place orders by December 1. Supply of ethanol-blended petrol is likely to start in 13 major states, including Maharashtra, from the first week of December.Even if 5% blending is allowed, the state sugar industry will earn substantially. Besides, the government will be able to save a significant amount on its import bill, said the industry sources.The sugar factories are currently in a financial mess mainly because of export ban since last one year and low prices in the domestic matter. This has badly affected their profit margins.Molasses is a bi-product in sugar production. It is sold across the globe for making fertilizers and alcohol. Potable spirit (used for making liquor) and industrial spirit are currently produced and there is a stable market for it. Ethanol is the ultra-pure form of alcohol and an additional bi-product of molasses. Once, ethanol gets assured purchaser in the form of oil distribution companies, the state sugar factories will be able to add to their income. Besides, many factories seek loan every year to make payments of labourers and farmers. With ethanol blending, these factories will earn more and will remain less dependent on loans.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has recently approved a proposal wherein oil distribution companies can directly fix the price of ethanol with the producers, i.e. ethanol producing sugar factories and distilleries.The Union government promoted blending programme is at present inconsistent and on a very low-scale. The Centre has also allowed import of ethanol to overcome shortfalls faced by both oil companies and the chemical industry. The existing ethanol users are chemical and paint companies.The state sugar industry, which already produces excess sugar every year, also has the potential to produce more ethanol that will help meet the requirement of the Union government at national level. Though sugarcane shortage this year will reduce production of molasses, the state will still manage to supply ethanol, sources said.Between 2008-09 and 2010-11, oil companies in the country had saved over Rs 300 crore through the blending programme. Five per cent blending of ethanol with petrol began in 2007, but it came to a halt in 2009 owing to low supply following fall in sugarcane output.The programme was reintroduced in November 2010 and since then the sugar industry has been selling ethanol at Rs 27 per litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369438", "title": "Amber telling everyone about relation with Depp?", "text": "Actress Amber Heard has reportedly confirmed her relationship with Johnny Depp to her friends.Heard and Depp are said to have been in relationship since latter parted ways with long time girlfriend Vanessa Paradis in June this year.\"They have said 'I love you'. Amber was telling people they are officially together,\" Us Weekly magazine quoted a source as saying.The two were even seen cozying up at a party recently.\"They were flirty and engaged,\" a source said.Deep was in relationship with Paradis for 14 years and has two children daughter Lily-13 and son Jack- 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369928", "title": "Shakespeare made Cooper cry", "text": "Actor Bradley Cooper says he started crying after reading William Shakespeare's novel \"Romeo And Juliet\".Cooper, 37, was in college when he went through the romantic novel.\"This is going to sound cheesy, but I remember taking a Shakespeare class in college where we had to read 'Romeo and Juliet'.\"I'd read it in high school, but not properly and I remember sitting in the library reading it and thinking, 'Hmm, this is weird. I'm crying',\" more.com quoted Cooper as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17367965", "title": "Maharashtra records steep rise in violent crimes", "text": "THANE: Cases of violent crime registered under Section 302 of the IPC has recorded a higher conviction rate of 1.75 per cent in 2011, as compared to 1.52 per cent convictions secured by the Maharashtra police in 2010, according to the 14 the annual report published by the state CID.According to the report, the law enforcing agency secured convictions in 449 cases in 2011, while the number of acquittals was 1,079 or 4.31 per cent of the total 25,539 murder cases pending hearing in January 2011.``It is a very impressive performance for the police as the number of convictions in 2011 was the highest in recent times. In the previous year, the conviction rate was as low as 1.52 per cent and the acquittal rate was a high of .86 per cent. Of the 24,979 murders cases pending trial in 2010, 380 were convicted whereas 1,464 were set free by the courts after a long trial,'' a police official said.In fact, 2010 recorded the highest pendency in murder cases with 94 per cent cases or 22,720 cases pending hearing and final verdict. However, the disposal of such serious case has been extremely swift in 2011 as compared to the performance of the courts in 2010, he said.Violent crimes such as murder, attempt to murder, rape, dowry deaths etc have jumped by over 5 per cent in the last one year in Maharashtra with 11.52 per cent of the total IPC offences constituting of such crimes.Additional director general of police in-charge of the state CID, SPS Yadav said that the violent offences such as murder and attempt to murder has gone up by 2.7 per cent and 9.3 per cent respectively in 2011 as compared to the figure of the previous year.He said such offences registered under the IPC pose a serious challenge to the law and order machinery in rural Maharashtra with districts like Beed, Wardha, Hingoli, Parbhani, Osmanabad, Pune rural, Washim, Aurangabad rural among others showing an increase in violent crime.Yadav said that property offences such as dacoity, robbery, burglary and theft has gone up by 2 per cent in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17367550", "title": "Odisha observes Muharram", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Muslims across the state observed Muharram on Sunday holding special prayers, discourses and tazia processions. In Bhubaneswar, Bhadrak, Balasore, Jatni and Soro, hundreds of Muslims took part in Muharram processions.They carried out tazias (replicas of the tomb of Imam Husain) and enacted the battle of Karbala. President of the Muharram committee (Bhadrak Muslim Jamat) Mohammad Abdul Bari said 37 groups comprising 20,000 people took part in the tazia procession in Bhadrak. One person suffered serious injuries while inflicting pain on his body at Jatni. Nausir Ali, chief of Imam Bada masjid at Balichhak Sahi (Jatni) said such activities have a special religious significance.On Saturday, mourners walked over cinders at six places in Cuttack. Shaikh Abdul Rauf, secretary of Lal Sahab Imambada in Cuttack, said the event, being the oldest in the city, drew large crowds. The other places in the city where Muharram was observed were Dargha Bazaar, Tala Telenga Bazaar, Pension Lane and Sutahat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kokrajhar/guwahati", "code": "17366344", "title": "Illegal weapons hold peace hostage in western Assam", "text": "KOKRAJHAR/GUWAHATI: In the violent clashes between Bodos and Muslims in July-August in western Assam , of 97 people killed, ten had fallen to bullets. It indicated a large presence of illegal firearms in the region. The second round of violence only confirmed this. In mid-November, of 10 people killed within a week, nine had died of bullet injuries, five from automatic weapons.After the government gave Bodos partial autonomy by creating Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) in 2003 following an agreement with one of the groups, Bodo Liberation Tigers (BLT), the latter transformed into Bodo People's Front (BPF), the political party that now rules BTC.\"They were supposed to surrender all their arms, but it appears they retained some weaponry,\" says G P Singh, Inspector General of Police of the Bodoland district. His counterpart in Guwahati, IG and police spokesperson S N Singh is even more categorical: \"We suspect the role of BPF elements in the current violence.\"When four Muslims, including a child, were shot dead on the night of November 16, the police swept down on the residence of Mono Kumar Brahma, a BPF leader and a minister-rank in the ruling council. Brahma, still in his lungi and shirt, was arrested. The police said they found two AK -47 rifles from his house. Both his family and BPF protested that he had been framed.After four days of curfew, the second round of violence abated. Around 5,000 security personnel, including the Army, patrolled the area to maintain peace and mop up illegal arms. But, after a week of cordon-and-search operations, they had only three country-made weapons to show.Although there is no credible data, police estimate at least 100 weapons are circulating in the area. In the past, a crackdown on those possessing weapons was difficult, say officers, because until 2011, the Congress government depended on BPF's support for survival. While there is more political space to act now, they say, the challenges of geography and demography remain.Kokrajhar has 90 km of international border with Bhutan and Bangladesh. Nepal and Burma are close. Home to diverse communities, the ethnic divide is sharp, which makes people of a community close ranks. \"If someone has weapons, no one in the village and community will squeal on him,\" says a senior officer in the security forces.Not just the Bodos, other communities like Santhals, Rajbanshis, Adivasis, too have armed outfits - except the Muslims. But in the recent violence, of the 10 people killed, two were Bodos, and one of them was shot dead. Since the weapon used was a small one, the police suspect it may have been sourced from petty Muslim criminals known to carry out armed robberies.\"So far, we do not have any information on Muslims sourcing automatic weapons,\" says G P Singh. A report of National Commission for Minorities had warned that if ethnic violence continued, jihadi organisations might begin supplying weapons among local Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366660", "title": "More dacoities in Pune than Mumbai", "text": "PUNE: The 14th annual report of the criminal investigation department ( CID) states that dacoities take place more in areas under the jurisdiction of Pune Government Railway Police (GRP) than that of the Mumbai GRP.In 2011, six dacoities took place in areas under the Pune GRP and property worth Rs 7.7 lakh was stolen, while in areas under Mumbai GRP, only two dacoities in which property worth Rs 20,000 was stolen were reported.The report released on Friday also states that crimes such as robberies in trains take place more frequently in Mumbai than in Pune division.In 2011, as many as 63 robberies in which property worth Rs 11 lakh was stolen were reported in Mumbai division, while in Pune only seven incidents took place and property worth Rs 4.4 lakh was stolen.An officer from the Pune GRP, told TOI that the rate of dacoities is more in Pune because of the longer distances between the two stations. \"Very often, trains stop at places that are poorly lit. Also, the dacoits dare to enter the train after finding the doors of the compartments open,\" the officer said.In Mumbai, the distances between stations are short. \"Most of the stations, where the long-distance trains halt are crowded almost round the clock. As a result, criminal elements hardly get any chance to commit an offence like dacoity,\" he said adding, \"However, crimes such as robberies are more in Mumbai division.\"As per the report, the recovery rate of properties in the crimes is very low in Pune GRP's jurisdiction. In 2011, the Pune GRP managed to recover 7.1% of the total goods stolen, while the recovery rate of Mumbai GRP was 30%. The officer said that the recovery rate of Pune was low because of the huge area under the jurisdiction of the Pune GRP. It covers Lonavla, Pune, Kolhapur, Solapur and Sangli. \"The manpower of Pune GRP is less compared to that of Mumbai GRP,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365676", "title": "Nigerian hel arrested with cocaine worth Rs 7 cr at IGI airport", "text": "A Nigerian has been arrested for allegedly smuggling 1.36kg of cocaine, worth about Rs 7 crore, in face lotion bottles at IGI airport. A customs official said it is the largest seizure of the narcotic from the airport. Acting on a tip-off, customs officials intercepted Magret Afolake Adetola on Saturday and searched her baggage. She had arrived from Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .The 38-year-old was found to be carrying 13 plastic bottles of beauty lotions. Officials became suspicious about their contents. \"The bottles were cut open and 13 packets containing a white powdery substance were found ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365810", "title": "BWSSB to hold Water Adalat at AEE's office", "text": "BANGALORE: BWSSB will hold Water Adalat at the AEE's office at Kethamaranahalli in Rajajinagar 1st block from 9.30am on Monday. Consumers from Kethamarana Halli, Rajajinagar 1st and 2nd Block, Mahalakshmi Layout and Nandhini Layout 1st and 2nd block can participate. BWSSB will also hold grievance redressal meetings from 7am at service stations in Kumaraswamy Layout, Bhashyam Park, Nandhini Layout, DJ Halli, Bellandur and Girinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400998", "title": "IIM-R conducts workshop on entrepreneurship", "text": "RAIPUR: Consulting and Entrepreneurship Club of Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Raipur acted as the host partner for 'TATA First Dot Powered by NEN, a one-day workshop focusing on the successful progression of idea into a business model which can evolve into a fruitful venture.An IIM-R press release said it was open to student entrepreneurs and was targeted to benefit those who have already developed an idea. This workshop also served as a precursor to the participants for entry into the Pan-India Competition held by TATA First Dot. The top 30 entrepreneurs from the competition would be mentored by the National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN).The workshop was held by Dr. Radhika Meenakshi Shankar, founder, Wise Owl Consultancy and Kalpana Sinha, senior consultant, NEN. Dr. Shankar guided the participants regarding how to develop their ideas by using different frameworks, business models and writing an effective business plan for successful pitching to the various stakeholders in the project. Dr. Sanjeev Prashar, professor, IIM Raipur, said, \"IIM Raipur with NEN will continuously work towards guiding students in preparing the B-Plans for their start-ups and providing them the necessary mentoring.\"Students from IIM Raipur, IIT, BHU , NIT Raipur, Disha College of Management, Future Institute of Engineering Technology, CAHCET, Centre for Modelling and Simulation and DIMAT participated in this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17368000", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWe are here\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "While the World Entrepreneurship Forum celebrated its fifth edition this year, one of its offshoots, the Junior World Entrepreneurship Forum (JWEF), is soon emerging as a powerful voice. Tirna Ray catches up with Thomas Rebaud, spokesman of JWEF, on the sidelines of the annual event, in Lyon, FranceWhen did the Junior World Entrepreneurship Forum (JWEF) begin?It started in 2008. Initially, it was held only in Lyon and Shanghai. Then it gradually spread over to nine countries in 2011. So far, we have organised 18 forums over four continents gathering a total of 12,000 students and young entrepreneurs.What was the idea behind the junior version of the forum?The idea behind it was simple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to create a platform to promote entrepreneurial values across the world and help find solutions to spread entrepreneurship as a source of wealth and social justice. Quickly , it became clear for the World Entrepreneurship Forum that it was necessary to hear the voice of young students and entrepreneurs in order to implement fresh thoughts and ideas.How many members does the junior forum have at present?We are a community of over 10,000 participants , led by a team of 210 members doing its best to promote and expand the values of entrepreneurship while trying to find solutions to a wide range of contemporary issues.What has the junior forum achieved so far and what are its future plans?We have managed to create a worldwide community and be part of shaping the proposals, which are part of the World Entrepreneurship Forum's white books. It has taken us five years to create it. At present, we are focusing on bigger challenges. It includes creating a worldwide platform in which all forums are reunited , a database of documentaries , videos of success stories as well as failures, freely available, in which people would help each other achieve their entrepreneurial goals. Behind all this lies a mission \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to create and accompany a community of young leaders who will tomorrow produce wealth and, above all, social justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17368018", "title": "Undergrad scholarships", "text": "Australia is opening up its doors to Indian students by offering them scholarships to study in Australia.The University of Wollongong (UOW), in partnership with the Bradman Foundation , is offering the UOW Bradman Scholarship to one undergraduate student from India each year.\"The scholarship is granted for the duration of the scholar's UG programme. This scholarship will give the selected candidate an opportunity to play cricket/regional cricket/professional cricket depending on his/her performance. This scholarship will support a student who has already got admission at the UOW,\" says Paul Wellings CBE, vicechancellor , University of Wollongong.A new scholar will be selected in each calendar year. The scholar will receive 50% tuition fee waiver for each standard academic year. Indian students, currently residing in India, who have turned 18 years of age, prior to the commencement of the UOW course; who have completed their ICSE / CBSE with a minimum 70% average in the best four academic subjects can apply.Students have to submit a letter of application , history of education and employment , certificates of academic record, among other things. For details, visit uow.edu.au. The last date for submission of application form is January 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15822712", "title": "Koel kept her relationship under wraps for five years", "text": "Koel's relationship is more than five years old, but Koel never spoke about it. Because she believes it is her personal life, which should be respected. Secondly, because she wants to be in the news for her films and not for her personal affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367720", "title": "UK may outlaw cheap booze to cut binge drinking", "text": "David Cameron risks a backlash from the drinks industry, health groups and members of his own cabinet this week over his plans to tackle the scourge of binge drinking by raising the minimum price of alcohol to as high as 50pence per unit.The prime minister is expected to publish the government's long-awaited alcohol consultation on Wednesday, with a recommendation that prices must rise to limit sales of the cheap spirits and superstrength ciders and lagers blamed for fuelling violence and anti-social behaviour.Downing Street and the home office are finalizing plans to propose three potential \"floor prices\" for a unit of alcohol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 40p, 45p and 50p \u00e2\u20ac\u201d following lobbying from ministers , drinks firms, supermarkets and pressure groups.The prime minister and the Britain's home secretary, Theresa May , highlighted a possible 40p baseline earlier this year when they confirmed the coalition supported minimum pricing, despite advice that the move could breach trade laws in the UK and Europe.The PM said banning the sale of alcohol at less than 40p a unit could produce \"50,000 fewer crimes each year and 900 fewer alcohol-related deaths per year by the end of the decade\".The move would increase the price of a \u00c2\u00a32.99 bottle of red wine containing 9.4 units of alcohol to \u00c2\u00a33.76, while an 87p can of strong cider would almost double to at least \u00c2\u00a31.60. But the blueprint has provoked protests, with some groups claiming the 40p baseline is too high, while others maintaining it is too low \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and more arguing there should be no price restrictions at all. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17400209", "title": "Private parties shying away from Aurangabad Municipal Corporation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plan to beautify city squares, dividers", "text": "AURANGABAD: The efforts made by the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to rope in private parties in the process of beautifying the city's squares and road dividers have met with lukewarm responses with only a handful of people extending their supports to the cause. Further, most of those who had showed interest at the initial stage are now shying away from signing the agreement with the corporation.The corporation had appealed to the private parties to come forward for the development of some of the identified squares and road dividers in the city. It was expected that the private parties would invest and maintain these spots with a major thrust on beautifying the site. But, the corporation's appeal failed to create excitement among the city's industrialists, builders, businessmen and other players.The policymakers at the civic body had expected that the rich and famous from the city would adopt some spots and make them beautiful.The AMC had also allowed them to erect hoardings on those spots that might generate revenue through advertising. However, prevailing unprofessionalism in the business and unfavourable market conditions have poured cold water on the ambitious plan.Meanwhile, the corporation has once again invited proposals from interested parties for the same. This time, about thirteen parties have expressed their desire to enhance city's beauty. But, except three private parties, others have not yet signed the agreement with the corporation.Under the proposal, the corporation is willing to beautify locations like Sut Girni square, the area in front of Dhoot hospital, Adalat Road, etc. However, the plan, which was initiated three months back, is still pending with the corporation. The plan was also intended to encourage private parties in installing pole kiosks on city roads and thereby generating additional revenue.Shaikh Habhi of Dreams Creation, who recently signed an agreement for beautification of Adalat Road, said the business was going through a bad phase.\"It takes a lot courage to invest in such a fluctuating market scenario. The initial investment to too high and returns are not guaranteed. That is why, the private players are hesitating to come forward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365422", "title": "RTU plans 7 centres of excellence", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) is planning to set up seven centres of excellence, one each at divisional headquarters to boost research, counter placement blues and to stop technical talent from migrating to bigger cities for jobs. RTU is likely to make these centres operational till the new academic session.The centres of excellence will be based on diversified subjects in sync with the local industry/occupation. The move is intended to create enormous job opportunities for hundreds of graduates who will pass out locally (Rajasthan). So far, RTU has one centre for excellence at RTU campus in Kota restricting its use to only a few students.R P Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU felt the need of having such centres after continuous poor placement. Figures say that less than 15% passing grads received jobs during campus placements in 2012 session. \"Ironically, most of these placements happened in cities like Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad etc in absence of better jobs here,\" added Yadav.He added that the university will provide all the academic logistics including labs, software, hardware etc required for the setting up of diversified centres of excellence. The cities indentified for centres include Jaipur, Ajmer, Kota, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Bharatpur and Udaipur. However, these are subject to change as the V-C is receiving continuous feedback from corporates /organizations.\"Any plan intended to increase the employability is welcome,\" said Arvind Agarwal of Arya Group of Colleges advising RTU that they should choose college which has class apart from infrastructure and highly-qualified professors for carrying out research and development.Keeping in mind exploration of petroleum in desert districts, the RTU has decided to open a centre for promoting research in oil exploration, drilling and other associated industries linked with exploration in Bikaner.For Jaipur, Yadav is considering several proposals/ideas from corporates, directors and students. \"Pink City has several flourishing sectors and we might come up with multiple focus areas,\" said Yadav, who has introduced several reformatory measures to improve the quality of education.Ex-IITian and entrepreneur, Mukund Sanghi suggested that the Udaipur division's rich natural resources and booming infrastructure due to heavy tourist traffic offers potential for technical innovation. \"A research centre focusing on research of new avenues for mining and exploitation of natural resources will turn out to be a goldmine of opportunities,\" said Sanghi.Every year RTU produces around 30,000 engineers which is rising at the rate of 20% annually. However, with poor placements the students end up The poor placements ending up students going for higher studies or change their track to non-technical jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17370743", "title": "Mother commits suicide after murdering mentally ill son", "text": "SURAT: Rasila Patel, a Bharuch resident hanged self after killing her 12-year-old son Jatin on Sunday. She left a suicide note behind claiming that she was worried due to her son's mental illness and did not want to live.Bharuch police was alerted by residents of Alaknanda Society on Zaghadiya road that body of a woman and her son are found in her residence while her husband and daughter had gone out. Reaching on the spot police checked the house where Rasila's body was found hanging to the ceiling and Jatin's body in a room.Police recovered a suicide note from the house in which Rasila stated that she and her family were under financial and mental pressure due to mental illness of Jatin. Despite treatment there was no improvement in Jatin's health after which she decided to kill him and self. She gave pesticide to Jatin with food and killed him when her husband Girish had gone out with their daughter. She then hanged self.Police sent the bodies for post mortem and statements of the family members are being registered. The family was facing financial crunch due to illness of Jatin as a huge amount of money was being spent on his treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366263", "title": "A medical college or general hospital can benefit the public: A A Chavan", "text": "Catering to the nearly 2.5 lakh people from the industrial belts in North Maharashtra, the Employees' State Insurance Scheme (ESIS) Hospital itself is on tenterhooks given that every service - from X-ray to pathological tests - have to be performed elsewhere and the patients then have to keep coming to hospital to get the bills cleared. Medical Superintendent of ESIS, A A Chavan, however says that the state government controls the functioning of the hospital and whatever has been made available is at the service of the patients.Patients are referred to Civil Hospital even for an X-ray.A technical snag has stopped the functioning of X-ray machines and as a result our patients are being referred to the Civil Hospital. Since the repairs costs Rs 50,000 we are awaiting state sanction. Hence we have alternate arrangement in. We use our ambulance to shift the patients for the purpose.Why are patients referred to private hospitals for various treatments?The hospital has an operation theatre to conduct very minor and moderate operations. Any case beyond that - or even dialysis treatments - is referred to private hospitals with whom the ESIC has tied up with. There is some discomfort caused to the patients as they have to run from one hospital to the other - for treatment and for sanctioning of reimbursements as well.The ESIS hospital is controlled by both the state and the centre. How can the services be improved?ESIS hospitals are under the direct control of the labour ministry, Government of India, and are run by the state. However, the process of the Central Government-owned Corporation taking over the hospital has already begun and by January 2013 the migration is expected to be completed. Now, one may also hope for a medical college or institute being run by the hospital for the benefit of the public in general.What makes you confident that such a facility could be created in Nashik?The labour ministry - which already has a medical college under the ESIS - is thinking of having super specialty services or medical institutes in Maharashtra. With Mumbai and Pune having good numbers, the best alternative stands at Nashik which can cater to the demands of North Maharashtra as well. Since we already have referral hospital, an institute will be of greater help. Besides, ours is a huge 14-acre-campus and enough to house all the important aspects related to major institutes.What are the basic reasons that you feel can substantiate your claim?The ESIC has nearly 55,000 insured persons which roughly mean there are nearly 2.5 lakh people working in the companies who have been covered for health benefits. This explains the massive turnout of patients at the out-patients' department (OPD) located in the various places and the specialty hospital located at Satpur. The segment of employees we provide health service to deals with emergencies. Besides the hospital has most of the facilities required to treat emergencies, but when it comes to trauma conditions, the ESIC takes help from the private sector, where the insured person does not have to worry about footing the bills. They can be treated at the proposed institute under a single roof besides saving a major chunk of money that is given to the patients as reimbursements.With ESIS hospitals only treating insured persons under the Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC), how will the proposed institute cater to a larger segment?ESIS hospitals have been designed to provide exclusive healthcare facilities for everyone insured under the ESIC. In the event of the medical college or an institute, the services will naturally be thrown open to a larger public. With the central government creating a facility, it will definitely bring several schemes together to weave a better health platform for the common man and hence a formula of providing health services with state intervention or even partnership with municipal corporation could be chalked out. This will bring more people in the health-net.What are the various kinds of accidental injury cases you come across?Being an industrial belt, the trauma care centre is always busy with orthopaedic injuries like amputations etc and hence the ESIS hospital has tied up with the various private hospitals to provide the necessary care.Are the facilities up to mark?The hospital lacks some arrangements. Once a decision is taken regarding who will run the hospital, changes can be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365762", "title": "'Dissatisfied' govt holds back Rs 26cr dues to DIMTS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has held back its payment of Rs 26 crore to DIMTS for over a year as it is not satisfied with various feasibility studies and projects undertaken by the autonomous body.In a letter to the government, Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System (DIMTS) has claimed that it is going into a financial crunch due to non-payment by the government. The agency says its \"working capital cycle is seriously affected due to this huge outstanding amount\" and it also can't pay vendors on time. \"Many of our projects have come to a standstill.\"Chief secretary P K Tripathi, however, told TOI on Sunday, \"In several projects, DIMTS has failed to satisfy the government, while in others the work was not found to be economical.\" He, however, added that \"DIMTS alone cannot be blamed. There have been several issues at the government's end as well. In certain projects, we needed to re-check if the specified government procedure was followed while awarding the contract\".The payment is due for over 10 projects and studies undertaken by DIMTS in the last one and a half years. These include details project reports of seven proposed BRTs, high-security numberplates, route rationalization and automatic fare collection system. Some of these bills have been pending since March 2011. According to the invoice submitted by DIMTS, the interest on the bills runs into Rs 1.3 crore.DIMTS claims to have sent repeated reminders to the transport department for expediting the process. According to the letter, in June 2012 the department had promised to pay immediately at least Rs 1.72 crore due as service tax but the amount has not been released.The chief secretary said that with the government holding 50% stake in DIMTS, it was essential to ensure that the billing did not include profits.Finance secretary D M Spolia, however, assured that the issue would be resolved at the earliest. \"A meeting of senior officials of the transport and finance departments, and DIMTS will be held in the coming week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17366150", "title": "Why are political barbs aimed at CAG and not SC?", "text": "We, the people of India, had solemnly resolved to constitute India into a sovereign, socialist, secular, democratic republic. The Constitution, which we adopted on November 26, 1949, provided for fundamental rights and the basic framework of governance in a democracy to ensure justice, equality and liberty to people and to help them realize their aspirations.The Constitution created several institutions - the Supreme Court, Comptroller and Auditor General and Election Commission - mainly to ensure that people remained the focal point of all executive and legislative decisions.The Supreme Court was created to scrutinize executive and legislative decisions to ensure that they did not breach the Constitution and the fundamental rights it guaranteed. The EC was mandated to ensure free and fair elections to allow people to fearlessly decided who should govern them. The CAG was entrusted with the crucial aspect of auditing the expenditure of the central and state governments and point out where and how splurging and corruption happened.CAG reports have traditionally been given importance in the mass media because the government is generally secretive about the manner in which public funds are utilized. Its report on the manner in which 2G spectrum licences were distributed, almost like largesse, and the notional estimate of Rs 1.76 crore loss to the exchequer because of this, has remained a potboiler for almost three years.Based on the CAG report and the joint request of the Manmohan Singh government and the CBI, the Supreme Court took up monitoring of the probe into the alleged scam in distribution of spectrum licences.After a detailed investigation and comparison of prevailing prices of spectrum as well as then market conditions, the CBI reported to the Supreme Court and, later, reflected in the charge-sheets it filed against then telecom minister A Raja and others that the loss could be Rs 30,000 crore.\"The figure of Rs 30,000 crore would be across the board. But on basis of material before the court relating to Swan Telecom and Unitech Telecom, a loss of Rs 7,100 crore has been caused,\" the CBI had told the trial court.The figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore had stirred public imagination about the grotesque nature of the loot. It had made the government scurry for cover, right from the Prime Minister's Office to the lowest functionary, and distance itself from A Raja and Co.The CBI's loss figure of Rs 30,000 crore made the ruling class breathe a little easy and say privately that the scam, after all, was not of such magnitude to warrant public ridicule and opposition onslaught for such a long period.On the basis of the CBI's investigation reports, the Supreme Court on February 2 cancelled all 122 spectrum licences allotted in January 2008 and ordered their auction within four months. After repeatedly seeking extension of time for auction, the government held open bidding after nine months on November 12. The lukewarm response to the auction spurred the ruling class to shed its defensive approach. It belligerently got back at its detractors as if there had been no scam at all in the distribution of spectrum licences in 2008. After all, an amount of Rs 30,000 crore surely pales before Rs 1.76 lakh crore, doesn't it?Sadly, the ruling class identified the CAG as the scapegoat and piled misery on the constitutional body by launching a scurrilous attack not only on the estimate it made on the 2G scam loss but indirectly on its honesty, integrity and capability. It is poignant to see Union ministers sniping at the CAG, who is constitutionally at par with Supreme Court judges.Article 124 of the Constitution provides that no judge of the Supreme Court shall be removed from office except by an order of the president after Parliament approves an impeachment motion. Articles 148 and 324 provide that the CAG and chief election commissioner shall be removed from their office in like manner and on like grounds of a judge of the Supreme Court.In Veeraswamy judgment [1991 SCC (3) 655], the Supreme Court had said that the Constitution had reposed such faith in the stature, honesty and integrity of Supreme Court judges, CAG and the CEC that they were never intended to fall within the purview of Prevention of Corruption Act.Well, at a time when public faith in the political class in general is fast eroding, politicians are least expected to follow constitutional nuances and niceties.Though much of the 2G scam related woes of the ruling political class could be attributed to the Supreme Court's vigorous and thorough monitoring of the CBI probe, the political class thought it fit to target the CAG.Why did they not target the Supreme Court? Well, the SC has contempt of court power to punish those who attribute motives to its decisions and findings. But the CAG without any such power has found itself caught in the crossfire between the ruling class and the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371738", "title": "India deploying more troops in Ladakh due to threat: Farooq Abdullah", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is befriending China on one hand and remaining \"cautious\" on the other by deploying more troops in Ladakh region due to \"threat\" perception, having learnt lessons from the past, Union minister Farooq Abdullah said on Monday.Addressing young students, scholars and scientists at the Northern Regional Science Congress here, Abdullah broached the topic when he was referring to the abundant wind energy resources available in Ladakh region.\"We people have Army there (in Ladakh). (We have) one full division there and now we are putting another division there because we have threat from China and I don't say that outside but I am telling you because you are Indians.\"I want to tell you that in one place we are befriending China but we have also learnt a lesson from China and that is why we remain cautious as well because we had one division we will be keeping another one there,\" he said.The minister also noted that China was indulging in huge infrastructure building on the Arunachal Pradesh border while \"we are still thinking.\"On energy, he said India will be a power surplus country by 2030 and the government is looking forward to produce energy through clean coal and nuclear energy as well.Abdullah said the government has set the target of producing 22,000 MW of energy through renewable sources by 2022.He said the government is offering subsidies for using solar power water heaters at homes and would also provide loans to buy appliances run on solar power and urged people to adopt solar and other alternative energies.The minister blamed the US for global warming and said that India is one of the lowest producers of global gases even lower than China.He also motivated young students and scholars to take up sciences and research as it is the only way to progress forward.The Northern Regional Science Congress was organised by Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA) and Department of Science of Technology , government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17365946", "title": "Proposal moved to put up barricade at Rachol ferry", "text": "MARGAO: At the poorly attended Rachol gram sabha held on Sunday, the villagers were informed that the proposal to construct a protective barricade at the old ferry point at Rachol has been forwarded to the director of panchayats through the Salcete block development office (BDO) and will be a part of the golden jubilee grant.Locals had pointed out that several cases of fatal drowning had been reported at that spot in the past.Rachol sarpanch Joseph Vaz said that toilets and benches would also be constructed at the old ferry point and that funds made available to them through the golden jubilee grant would be utilized to construct benches and toilets in front of the Our Lady of Gloria Chapel, Ilha de Rachol.No resolutions were passed at the gram sabha which was attended by members from the Rachol Rakhonn Manch who have been at loggerheads with Vaz over the progress of various development works proposed by the panchayat.The vexed issue of the new panchayat ghar was raised which has been vehemently opposed by the manch and the matter is currently pending in court. Vaz stated that they had complied with all the court directions so far, and were waiting for the occupancy certificate to be issued by the town and country planning department (TCP) before moving to the new premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365671", "title": "2nd Test: England turn the tables on India at Wankhede", "text": "MUMBAI: If the third day of the second Test at the Wankhede Stadium was a movie, then Kevin Pietersen and Alastair Cook would be the lead stars, with Graeme Swann and Monty Panesar in best supporting roles. The Indian team made up the extras.Scorecard | Match In PicsIndia tweaked the script in the beginning to make scenes more exciting here, putting pressure on the curator to prepare a track that would turn from Day One. It all went according to the script, except that the protagonists turned out to be England, not the hosts.Swann and Panesar taught India how to bowl on this wicket, with nine wickets between them in the first innings and seven in the second. The 16 wickets alone ensured Panesar a 10-wicket match haul with a day to go in this Test. A victory now looms victory for England following a lesson in spin for a nation that claims to thrive on it.Riding on centuries from Cook and Pietersen, England finished at a healthy 413, a first-innings lead of 86 runs, and then reduced India to 117-7 by stumps on Sunday.India are ahead at the moment by 33 runs with three wickets in hand and defeat looks imminent unless Gautam Gambhir , batting on 53, comes up with something special to help set a target beyond at least a 100 runs.Many reasons will be given for the meek and shocking manner of India's surrender, especially against a team they recently beat by nine wickets on a spinning track.The foremost will certainly be the batting of Pietersen (186) and Cook (122), first one a masterclass and the second a continuing effort from a prolific run-maker.India's inability to play spin as well as they claim they do will also be held against them. But no analysis will be complete without questioning captain MS Dhoni for a few costly mistakes that he committed in this match.After scoring 327 in their first innings, India began their bowling with R Ashwin straight away on a pitch that was assisting turn. However, Dhoni failed to acknowledge the bounce that was equally evident, refusing to start with Harbhajan and not bringing him into the attack until the 24th over.On Sunday too, the captain remained guilty of the same, underbowling Harbhajan at just 21overs while handing the bulk of the work to Ashwin and Ojha, who bowled 42.3 and 40 overs respectively.\"Their spinners bowled quicker through the air and when you have bite on the wicket, some balls spin and some balls go through,\" Gambhir explained.\"The speed at which we bowled, at times we bowled fast and at times we bowled slower through the air. It is important to know what speed you are going bowl on these wickets which have turn and bounce,\" he added, admitting that Panesar and Swann \"bowled at good speed and that made the difference\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17367718", "title": "'Daydreaming behind Einstein, Newton genius'", "text": "LONDON: Some of the most important scientific breakthroughs ever made by scientists including Einstein and Newton came about as the geniuses allowed their minds to wander, researchers say.According to a new study by the University of California , Santa Barbara, doing simple tasks that allow us to daydream is key to solving trickier questions playing on our minds, scientists find.They found that some of the most important discoveries made by scientists like Albert Einstein and Isaac Newton came about as the geniuses behind them allowed their minds to wander, the Telegraph reported.The study showed that people who returned to a difficult task after taking a break and doing an easy task boosted their performance by around 40%. But, there was little or no improvement for those who did another demanding task during the break, used it to rest or did not have a break at all.\"Many influential scientific thinkers claim to have had their moments of inspiration while engaged in thoughts or activities not directly aimed at solving the problem they were trying to solve,\" said lead author Benjamin Baird.The findings are likely to please school pupils and bored office workers who enjoy gazing out of the window but may not go down well with tutors and bosses.Einstein is believed to have begun his theory of relativity while he daydreamed about riding or running beside a sunbeam to the edge of the universe. Newton too developed his theory of gravity after he happened to see an apple fall from a tree in his mother's garden in Lincolnshire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17367785", "title": "Admit card tussle in Delhi University", "text": "Students of Delhi University ( DU), including that of the School of Open Learning (SOL), had a tough time securing admit cards for the semester examination, which started on November 20 for the regular undergraduate students and on November 22, for postgraduate SOL students.However, after much confusion and running around by students and parents, while most students were allowed to take the exam, a few will now have to repeat the year.Admit cards of over a thousand students in regular undergraduate courses, 100 students of MA and MCom programmes in SOL, were either not issued or cancelled by the university until the last day, before the examination was to begin. While admit cards of SOL students were cancelled due to their failure to submit results of their graduate examination, which the university has not declared to date, the regular students were being barred for not having the requisite 66.67% attendance .However, the Delhi High Court (HC) directed the university to allow these students to appear in the examination as it was not their fault. The university had delayed the announcement of results, for which the students could not be held responsible. Hence, it took court intervention to ensure that students could take their exam, a day before the semesters were to start.\"Around 500 students were stuck till the last day to secure admit cards. If we had known earlier, we could have signed an undertaking bond,\" says Deepak Vijayran, a final-year student of SGTB Khalsa College.In a recent directive issued by the university earlier this month, colleges were asked to permit only those students with 66.67% attendance or above to take the exams, thereby withdrawing the provision of discretionary powers with principals to decide over such attendance-related issues.A number of students from both-North and South campus colleges including St Stephen's, SGTB Khalsa, Kamla Nehru, Indraprastha College for Women , Dyal Singh, Sri Venkateswara, and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College; had been detained before allowing them to take the exams at the last minute.\"We followed the university guidelines of attendance and not many students were detained. We tried our best to accommodate as many students, but I think students who still could not make it should be given a chance to write in the next semester. It is not fair to hold them back for a year,\" says Karen Gabriel, faculty, department of English, St Stephen's College.According to Geetesh Nirban, faculty, department of philosophy at Kamla Nehru College, as far as attendance is concerned, we took a joint decision to allow students with a minimum 50% attendance to write the exam. The decision brought down the number of detainees from 253 to 80.\"However, from the next semester, the university rule of 66.67% attendance would be applied strictly. There was some confusion that led to such a situation this time, but whenever there is change, it is fraught with problems. We are making efforts to work it out in favour of students,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366230", "title": "State's e-governance initiatives get recognition", "text": "PATNA: The state government has taken a great leap in its e-governance initiatives. The committee of Computer Society of India (CSI) has selected Bihar for Nihilent Award (2011-12) in recognition of its excellence and initiatives under e-governance programmes. The award ceremony would be held at Science City, Kolkata, on December 2 at the CSI annual convention.This award is an acknowledgement of the efforts made by the department of Information technology (IT) towards various e-governance initiatives. Every year, the CSI awards individuals and organizations for excellence in IT sector.In addition, Bihar has also been shortlisted for Web Ratna award, 2012, by the department of electronics and IT, GOI, for acknowledging exemplary initiatives/practices in the realm of e-governance for dissemination of information and services. The award ceremony would be held on December 10, 2012 in New Delhi.\"This year, the state IT department had submitted proposals for award under two categories -- project category and award of excellence. Under the project category, the state government's flagship initiative of GIS mapping of infrastructural resources, named as 'iBhuGoal', was submitted for consideration,\" said principal secretary, IT, Arun Kumar Singh.The department has also sent proposal under the state category for the award of excellence for various e-governance initiatives. These two proposals were shortlisted for presentation before the selection committee.A team comprising of state informatics officer, NIC, MD, Beltron, and headed by Singh made a presentation of these two projects at Hyderabad.For Web Ratna Award, the IT department had sent its web-enabled public grievance redressal system proposal which operates through website http://bpgrs.in. This application has been developed by the state government to effectively receive, handle and redress grievances of anyone who makes an application to the head of the department concerned.\"This web-enabled application has various features for quick and transparent disposal of the petition. All the petitions received in 'Janata ke darbar mein mukhyamantri' are redressed through this application. At the end of all the exercise, the complainant is intimated about the action taken on the applications submitted by him at the given email ID,\" said a senior government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367740", "title": "Thieves botch bid to steal motorcycles", "text": "CHENNAI: Their plan may not have considered every contingency, but a gang of would-be auto thieves gave residents of Ayanavaram a scare on Saturday night.Police said the culprits locked the doors of at least six houses on Thirumalaipillai Street, Ayanavaram, while the occupants were inside, before attempting to escape with motorbikes parked on the road. However, the gang evidently did not have an expert lock-picker \u00e2\u20ac\u201d investigators said the thieves abandoned the motorbikes after they dragged them some distance from the locked houses.An investigating officer said the owners of the motorcycles called neighbours and friends for help when they woke up in the morning and discovered that their houses were locked and their two-wheelers were missing.Investigators are not sure that the gang consisted of professional thieves. They say some youngsters may have got drunk and, while passing through the neighbourhood late at night, struck on the plan to make away with the motorbikes that were parked on the road.\"The motorbikes had handle locks,\" said Mani, a resident of the locality. \"The men who tried to steal them only dragged them away from the houses but were unable to unlock the vehicles.\"Even though police officers suggested that the attempted theft has the handiwork of drunkards passing by, the incident has left residents worried. They fear that thieves could have staked out the neighbourhood earlier and targeted the motorcycles after observing that their owners were them on the road overnight.The gang appears to have also tried to cut open mosquito netting on windows in two houses in an attempt to gain entry, residents said. \"This is the first time that an attempted theft has taken place in our locality,\" said Mallika, a resident. \"Police officers should take strict action and step up patrolling or the thieves may strike again.\"Policemen have launched a search for the thieves who tried to make away with the motorbikes, said assistant commissioner of police, Ayanavaram, R Krishnasamy.\"The residents have not filed any police complaint as there was no loss of goods or valuables,\" he added. \"But we have increased visible policing in keeping with the commissioner's plan to deter crime. We will ensure that such incidents do not take place again in the locality,\" Krishnasamy said.The assistant commissioner said he agreed with investigators that the gang that attempted to steal the motorcycles did not appear to consist of professional thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368096", "title": "Carnival bids melodious goodbye", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After registering a footfall of over two lakh in three days, the Chandigarh Carnival concluded on a melodic note with Bollywood singer Alka Yagnik wooing the audiences with her evergreen hits.As the news about the Carnival spread farther in the first two days, people turned up in groups from various parts of the Tricity and surrounding areas, crowding the venue on the final day.It being a Sunday, families did not miss to converge at the Carnival and enjoyed a picnic of sorts. Visitors, both adults and kids, listened to folk artists, tasted ice-creams, enjoyed camel rides and took trips on vibrant floats created by the students of Government College of Arts.The tiny tots surrounded the tattoo artists' section to get tiny cartoon characters inked on their faces.There was a lot of activity at every corner of the Carnival village and every visitor was pulled towards an activity of their interest. While folk artists from various states moved all around the Carnival, they fused a continuous beat and music throughout the day.Budding artists from Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Acadmey performed at their stall and the young kids rocked a mini-stage set up at the village as they danced on Hindi and Punjabi hits.Around 100 students of Government College of Arts -10, who contributed in making the Carnival more colourful and vibrant, were engaged in making floats on the theme \"Dreamland\". Cash prizes for the best five floats were bagged by seven teams. The team that got the first prize was led by Vikas and the team that won the second prize was led by Narinder.The Chandigarh administration, in an effort to motivate the exhibitors at the carnival, awarded the five best exhibitors. The first prize went to Government Home Science College and the second was bagged by Centre for Education and Voluntary Action (CEVA).ITFT film city remained one of the prominent crowd puller. At various events held at the Carnival, Manisha was adjudged the \"Face of Chandigarh\" and Deepak Verma was adjudged as the \"Voice of Chandigarh\".The curtains came down with an enchanting performance by dancers from Poland, who even shook a step on Hindi and Punjabi tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17372281", "title": "UP assembly disrupted over riots, law &amp; order", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh assembly was adjourned several times on Monday after the opposition parties disrupted proceedings charging the Akhilesh Yadav government over the law and order situation and a series of communal riots in the state in the last eight months.As soon as Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey took his seat in the house, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) legislators started raising slogans like: \"Sarkaar past, janta trast, gunde mast\" (The government has failed; people are being harassed as criminals rule).They also accused the government of releasing the accused in various bomb blast cases.The main opposition BSP, which has 80 members in the 404-member UP legislative assembly, shouted slogans like \"chhalawa samajwad ka, badhawa aatankavaad ka\" (under the garb of socialism, the government is promoting terrorism).The BSP legislators also carried banners that said: \"250 din ka sapa kushasan, yaad aa gaya behnji ka sushasan\" (Within 250 days of SP's misrule, people are remembering the good governance of Mayawati).The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which has 47 legislators in the Vidhan Sabha (lower house), demanded that the state government announce the minimum support price of Rs.400 per quintal for sugarcane.The BJP legislators, led by state party president Laxmikant Bajpai, trooped into the well of the house demanding an immediate announcement of the support price.When the speaker's plea for calm went unheard, he adjourned the house for 10 minutes. Later, the house was adjourned twice for more than an hour till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370995", "title": "Reading, writing keep ageing brains healthy", "text": "Reading and writing can preserve brains of older people and insure them against deterioration as they age, says a new study .Konstantinos Arfanakis and colleagues from Rush University Medical Centre and Illinois Institute of Technology , Chicago, examined the effect of late-life cognitive activity on the brain's white matter, composed of nerve fibres, or axons, that transmit information through the brain.Previous research, unlike that of Arfanakis, had linked late-life cognitive activity with better mental sharpness, according to a statement from Rush University and Illinois Institute.\"Reading the newspaper, writing letters, visiting a library, attending a play or playing games, such chess or checkers, are all simple activities that can contribute to a healthier brain,\" Arfanakis said.The researchers used a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) method known as DTI to generate data on diffusion anisotropy, a measure of how water molecules move through the brain. These values in white matter drop with aging, injury and disease.The study included 152 elderly participants with an average age of 81 years, from the Rush Memory and Aging Project, a large-scale study looking at risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. They were without dementia or mild cognitive impairment, based on a detailed clinical evaluation.Researchers asked them to rate on a scale of one to 5 the frequency with which they participated in a list of mentally engaging activities during last year, such as reading newspapers and magazines, writing letters and playing cards and board games.Data analysis revealed significant associations between the frequency of cognitive activity in later life and higher water molecule diffusion in the brain.These findings were presented at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) in Chicago in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365490", "title": "Government steps in to help authors, announces Rs 1 crore fund for publishing books", "text": "JAIPUR: In an era when budding writers and veterans have to struggle to get their work published, the Rajasthan government has given them a ray of hope. The government has announced a Rs 1 crore revolving fund for the authors to get their books published by the Rajasthan Hindi Granth Academy. However, the authors termed it a 'political agenda' in the light of upcoming assembly elections.So far the academy was into publishing authors writing text books meant for higher education. For the first time, the academy would be helping literary writers to get their works published.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot made this announcement at the 'Pustak Parv' on Sunday, which was welcomed by nearly 150 authors participating in the festival.Dr RD Saini, who coined the idea and was awaiting CM's nod, was elated at the announcement. While talking to TOI, he said, \"I think Rajasthan has become the first state in the country to rope in Rajasthan Hindi Granth Academy in getting the literary work of the seasoned and budding writers published.\"Asked how it will help the authors, he said, \"In a scenario when big publishers charge a hefty amount to publish books and don't even promise a royalty, this would be a milestone for the budding and veteran writers of Hindi language. It will also promote literary work in the state.\"\"Those interested in getting their work published can submit their transcripts to the academy and committees will shortlist authors whose books deserve to be published. We will ensure that literature propogating anti-national ideology is not entertained,\" he added.The Hindi authors, however, believed that it was just another populist announcement by the state government. Dr Hetu Bhardwaj, a well-known Hindi fiction writer of the state who had written satires, books on literary journalism and a collection of 800 short stories, termed it a 'political agenda'.\"It is just an announcement. It is yet to be seen how the academy is going to implement it. Though the academy is an autonomous body, its chairpersons are appointed by the state government, thus, I doubt if the academy will be able to act autonomously while selecting the author's work,\" Bhardwaj said.Ismadhu Talwar, a veteran journalist and Hindi poet, said, \"It is definitely a welcome step in providing a platform to the writers. But I am eager to see how the government and its agencies will execute it.\"come step in providing a platform to the writers. But I am eager to see how the government and its agencies will execute it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17366829", "title": "Boy caught during house break-in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old boy was caught on Saturday night when he broke into a house for theft. The residents handed him over to Ranip police for further questioning.The incident was reported at 12.30 am from a residence in Shivaji Sadan, Ranip, where Hasmukh Soni was asleep with his family members. He heard some noise from adjoining room and went to check the source. At that time, he saw a teenager trying to break open the safe locker. When the young burglar saw Soni, he tried to flee through the window. Soni, however, caught him and called up the city police control room.\"The youth was identified as Kishan, a resident of Ranip. He stated that he was in desperate need of money and thus decided to commit the theft. He claims that it was his first attempt. We have sent him to the observation home in Shahpur after questioning on Sunday evening,\" said a Ranip police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17367481", "title": "Veerapandi Arumugam laid to rest", "text": "SALEM: Thousands of people gathered at Poolavari in Salem district on Saturday to pay homage to senior DMK leader, Veerapandi S Arumugam , who died in Chennai on Friday. Among those present at the funeral were MDMK chief Vaiko, Union minister M K Alagiri, DMK treasurer M K Stalin , former Union minister A Raja, Kanimozhi, Durai Murugan and PMK president GK Mani.On Saturday afternoon around 3pm, the body of Arumugam, who dominated politics in Salem and neighbouring districts for over three decades, was placed in a hearse decorated with flowers. The last rites were performed at a family plot which also houses the grave of Arumugam's son, Nedunchezhian. Markets in Salem were closed and autos, taxis, buses kept off the road as the funeral procession started from Arumugam's Poolavari residence.Cadres of MDMK, DMDK, PMK and Congress also attended the funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17366177", "title": "50 teachers sans promotion", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The denial of promotion to 50 primary schoolteachers, who would soon be hanging their boots, has ripped off the credibility of the establishment committee which decides on promotions in Kishanganj district. In any case, primary schoolteachers, whose promotions were put on hold since 1988, were promoted only on November 5.In all, 419 primary schoolteachers, both in arts and science streams, were promoted on November 5 across Kishanganj district. But, over 50 senior teachers have been deprived of their merited promotion. Besides, their promotions were affected in such a manner that many of the teachers who once taught and mentored the junior teachers as their students at one time would now be their virtual bosses.As if this was not enough, there are, at least, seven teachers including Jagdish Prasad Sinha, Akhilesh Singh and Vijay Kumar Yadav who have been promoted years after they died. While the deceased Jagdish Prasad Sinha was slotted at the top, the deceased Akhilesh Singh ranked fifth in the promotion list, the district unit of Bihar Teachers' Association (Gope group) secretary Basirul Hassan pointed out.Furthermore, the district establishment committee (DEC) gave its nod for promotion to as many as 14 teachers some of whom retired from their jobs five or seven years back, and 15 teachers who were already shifted to other districts, the district secretary said. Quite a few of the promoted teachers have been listed twice, like Pappu Kumar Mandal and Shiv Kumar. Moreover, in clear breach of existing norms, some teachers have been promoted and posted in schools in the gram panchayats to which they also belong.The Bihar Teachers' Association (Gope group) district secretary disclosed that a five-member committee comprising district education officer (DEO), district programme officer (DPO), DPO (higher secondary), an SC/ST member and one representative of the DM invited the bio-data, folder file and related documents from the teachers before working out a gradation list as per seniority. The list was forwarded to the regional deputy director (RDD) of education mandatory for scrutiny and perusal in May this year.The RDD, accordingly, concurred on the list and sent it back to the district establishment committee on September 29. The committee, thereafter, put its seal of approval on the promotions on November 5.Putting the blame squarely on the Establishment Committee for denying promotion to 50 teachers, the district secretary said the committee made the flimsy pretext that they had not submitted the necessary certificates adding how could the committee work out the gradation list in the first place if certificates were not attached. The DPO-cum-secretary, Establishment Committee, Chandrashekhar Sharma, however, defended the act saying that the senior teachers opted for time-bound promotion. They were however caught in a bind when the education department directed on regular and not time-bound promotion, raising the hullabaloo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365799", "title": "DPRs for upgradation of 4 fishing jetties ready", "text": "PANAJI: While the detailed project reports (DPR) for the expansion/upgradation of four fishing jetties in Goa are ready, only CRZ, environment and village panchayat clearances are awaited before the proposals are forwarded to the central government for obtaining 75% grants.Fisheries director N Verlekar told TOI that once the central government sanctions the grants, the department will go ahead with the upgradation of the four fishing jetties-Cutbona, Cortalim, Malim and Chapora. Verlekar also said that the consultant who has prepared the DPRs will soon send its representative to Goa to obtain the necessary CRZ and other clearances.Of the four fishing jetties earmarked for upgradation, only Cutbona has some problems regarding opposition from the public to additional land acquisition. The present Cutbona jetty includes a 30m-long jetty on the southern bank of the river Sal and a 144m landing platform along the river bank. Now, about 279 mechanized fising boats operate from Cutbona. But the Cutbona jetty is considered grossly inadequate for landing, berthing and other activities.The expansion project is designed to accommodate a fleet of 350 mechanized fishing vessels. It includes the construction of a 226m-long jetty to accommodate one landing quay, one outfitting quay and one repair quay, a 40m concrete slipway and navigational aids. The landside facilities include fish handling and auction hall, fish loading area, fishermen's gear shed, net mending shed, ice plant and chilled storage, etc. The Cutbona project is estimated to cost 38.41 crore.The Malim jetty expansion project is estimated to cost 11.55 crore. The project includes construction of a T-shaped jetty (64m x 6m) for landing, berthing of vessels and slipway/boat repair ramp. The expanded jetty will cater to a fleet of 380 motorized fishing vessels.The expansion of the Chapora jetty will cost 32.51 crore. The new Chapora jetty will cater to 130 motorized fishing vessels. Presently, it caters to about 60 vessels.The expansion of the Cortalim jetty will cost 4.43 crore. It will accommodate a fleet of 35 motorized fishing vessels comprising 10 numbers 10m trawlers, 10 numbers 12m trawlers and 15 numbers 15m purse seiners. The project includes construction of an L-shaped jetty (85m x 6m) and other landside facilities. Creation of the new infrastructure at Cortalim will facilitate the trawlers to operate from Cortalim as presently they are compelled to migrate to Vasco or Malim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371658", "title": "Marilyn Monroe schoolgirl photo up for auction", "text": "A rare school photograph showing a fresh-faced Marilyn Monroe is to go on sale.The 15-year-old, who was then known as Norma Jeane Baker , appears in a panoramic shot of the whole class year at Ralph Waldo Emerson Junior High School in Los Angeles.It was taken in the summer of 1941, just a few years before she became a model, actress and global sex symbol.The photograph, which measures 8 x 24 inches, is expected to sell for up to 1,500 pounds when it goes under the hammer at the auction in Stockport, Cheshire, next week, the Mirror reported.Also up for sale at the same auction are nine Christmas cards sent by Prince Charles and his then-wife Diana, Princess of Wales.The cards, which were sent over successive years, feature photos of young William and Harry growing up, include festive greetings and are signed by the royal couple with festive greetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365565", "title": "Mile-high club: New members keep coming", "text": "NEW DELHI: Move over Viagra , getting airborne is a potent aphrodisiac for globe trotters looking for diversions on long, dreary flights. A recent survey discovered that the 'mile-high club' continues to find many takers, with numerous instances of couples entering lavatories together or snuggling under blankets.In a survey conducted by a travel search engine, around 15% respondents from a total of 3,000 in the Asia Pacific region said they had witnessed some form of sexual conduct on an aircraft. Around 5% admitted to having actually been involved in such \"incidents\".Many reported having witnessed two people entering a bathroom together, followed by much banging and squealing. In-seat 'activities' underneath a blanket were also common. There was an instance of a woman straddling a friend in business class on a Sydney-London flight while another was invited to join the mile-high club by a stranger in the line at the toilet.More creative encounters included a suggestive lipstick message on a toilet mirror unexpectedly viewed by an elderly woman when the young man ahead of her (for whom it was intended) gallantly let her use the toilet first; a couple who hadn't locked the door tumbling out to a round of applause from the entire aircraft; an ex-cabin crew member who discovered two men in a wheelchair closet and even a couple going flat out under blankets stretched across three seats.Indians found partners on flights: SurveyA survey by search engine Wego.com on sexual conduct in the skies also captured some interesting experiences including lacy underwear left on a seat, in-flight lap dances on a party trip, an older man carrying a life-size female inflatable doll that he purchased a seat for, and frightened passengers reporting a strange noise in the overhead locker, discovered to be an operating vibrator in a woman's handbag.One man reported that passengers on his flight were left very distracted after two girls emerged quite ruffled from a toilet, and another said his girlfriend was so upset by the turbulence on a flight to New Zealand that she demanded he accompany her to the bathroom and 'distract' her. Incidentally, 70% of the respondents were women.Wego general manager Jackson Fernandez said, \"Several Indians who participated in the survey had encounters of the romantic kind too - they either found future partners on a flight or ended up proposing to their love with champagne and ring to boot.\"Much debate surrounds the legality of amorous acts in flights, though different countries have diverse laws. There is also the question of just how visible the act is to other passengers, which can make it fall under 'public sex' laws. At least two of Wego's respondents witnessed couples being escorted by police from flights into Australia as a result of in-flight sex, yet the thrill of being caught is supposedly part of the attraction.Overall, respondents were not offended by the act. If anything, they were rather amused but confessed to being somewhat taken by surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370879", "title": "No place for gangster films in Bollywood: Saurabh Shukla", "text": "Actor-director Saurabh Shukla, who has acted in several gangster films, says such films are not being made in Bollywood anymore as dons do not exist the way they used to a decade ago.\"You tell me where the gangsters are now. When we did 'Satya' , gang war was a reality in Mumbai's underworld and its ripples felt. Society has changed, people have changed and with these the gangsters have ceased to exist the way they had been in the past.\"A number of movies on Naxalite movement had been made in Bengali by stalwarts 30 years back. But those films have been reduced to academic and passing interest as film subject now,\" Saurabh told PTI.Saurabh, who began his film career with Shekhar Kapur's 'Bandit Queen' (1994), essayed the role of gangster Kallu Mama in the Ramgopal Verma classic gangster movie, 'Satya'. He also jointly wrote the script with Verma.In town for the staging of his play \"Two to Tango, Three to Jive\" at the Vodafone Odeon Theatre Festival, the NSD graduate said he was happy to be associated with Oscar winning film 'Slumdog Millionaire' and hopes 'Barfi' also has a similar luck.\"In 'Slumdog Millionaire', we got Oscar and now ' Barfi' is beckoning. ' Barfi' s journey to the Academy awards can make my association more significant,\" said Saurabh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhojpuri superstar nirahua on his production house, back to back hits and lots more", "code": "17371684", "title": "Blessed to have worked with Amit ji: Nirahua", "text": "Bhojpuri superstar Nirahua on his production house, back to back hits and lots more:Both your releases on Durga Pooja, 'Rikshawal I Love You' and 'Ek Duje Ke Liye' have done well at the box office. If two films' release at the same time and both become such huge hits then there is nothing more better than this. I am very happy with the success of the films. Rikshawala was a complete masala film and Ek Duje was a family drama. Rikshawala has garnered huge profits in UP and Bihar on the other hand Ek Duje saw huge women crowd for the film.Are you doing Pawan Kumar's film? Yes! I have finished shooting for Pawan Kumar's 'Biwi No. 1'. This a comedy and action oriented film where Monalisa is starred opposite me. Ajeet Srivastava is the director of this film. Films music is its UPS.Tell us about 'Doodh Ka Karz'. I have been teamed up with Khesari Lal for the first time in this film. Film is directed by Premanshu Singh. This is a complete entertainer where I will be seen in a new avatar. Film which is going to release next year has Smriti Sinha opposite me.It is also heard that Mumbai's distributor Rajesh Pappu has made a new film with you. Yes! Rajesh Ji has made a pure Bhojpuri film 'Wardiwala Gunda'. Ahmed Farooq Siddiqui has directed this film. Audience will remember the dialogues delivered during 80s and 90s after watching this film.Tell us about your own production house. This year my company has released three movies. 'Khoon Paseena', 'Hero' and 'Rikshawala I Love You'. Audience have loved these movies and our third film 'Tiger' is coming soon. My younger brother Pravesh Lal is playing lead role in the movie.What was your experience of working with Amitabh ji in 'Ganga Devi'? Wonderful! I am blessed to have worked with Amit ji. I am thankful to Deepak dada for making this dream come true. Amit ji is my god and I have learnt a lot from him. And the happiest thing is the film has been a hit.You are in CCL too. Yes I am the Vice Captain of CCL. We keep practicising entire time.Your upcoming releases? Rakhwala, Ganga Jamna Saraswati, Doodh Ka Karz, Biwi No. 1, Izzat and Wardiwala Gunda is ready for release.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367793", "title": "HC refuses to reinstate govt officer suspended for graft", "text": "CHENNAI: Dashing hopes of a government servant suspended for accepting 500 as bribe, the Madras high court has said suspended government servants cannot be automatically reinstated in service, merely because the period of suspension is more than three years.Justice K Chandru, taking serious view of corruption cases, said: \"This court is unable to accept any prescription of time in coming to a conclusion that if a particular time lapsed, it would automatically result in deemed prolonged suspension... This court is not inclined to entertain the writ petition as the petitioner is facing a serious criminal charge and that the trial is in progress. He cannot be restored pending the outcome of the criminal trial.\"Village administrative officer N Mathi was caught by vigilance personnel while accepting 500 as bribe from a person who received funeral expenses for his father under the Tamil Nadu Social Security Scheme in November 2008. He was arrested, and placed under suspension from February 2009. First he filed a writ petition to quash his suspension, only to withdraw it later.The present petition was filed, citing a division bench order of the high court quashing the suspension of a government servant. In that case, the suspension was quashed on the ground that remaining under suspension for more than three years would amount to 'prolonged suspension'.Claiming similar relief, Mathi said he should be reinstated pending the criminal proceedings pending before a special court. Justice Chandru, rejecting the plea, said the corruption case was taken up for hearing by the chief judicial magistrate-cum-special judge of Chengalpet, and that even before it could attain finality, the the officer had sought the quashing of his suspension. In this regard, he cited Justice S Manikumar's order that suspensions could not be interfered with merely because the trial in the criminal case is getting delayed.That judgment, considering suspension of more than three years as prolonged suspension, suggested that such persons can be restored in service and posted in far away place. Differing with that ruling, Justice Chandru said merely because the state was obliged to pay subsistence allowance, it is not a ground to set aside the suspension. More so when the charge is under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the trial is pending before a special court, the judge said.This court is not inclined to entertain the writ petition as the petitioner is facing a serious criminal charge and that the trial is in progress", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17367756", "title": "Bank staff who cheated woman arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Kancheepuram police arrested a private bank employee on charges of cheating a woman of 20 lakh promising to help her purchase gold coins.Usha, 27, who works at a private bank on contractual basis, promised Meenakshi of Old Washermenpet to help purchase gold coins. Police sources said Meenakshi ran a Deepavali chit fund and collected money from hundreds of depositors. On Diwali, she, as part of the scheme, decided to give the depositors gold coins. She befriended Usha through a relative's friend and sought her help.Since Usha promised to get gold coins without tax, Meenakshi gave her 20 lakh. But Usha failed to get gold coins on time and instead kept dodging her. When the depositors started pressing her for gold coins, Meenakshi lodged a complaint. Police arrested Usha from Musaravakkam village in Kanchipuram district. Interrogation revealed that she had earlier cheated Kala of Bajanai Koil Street in a similar way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17367085", "title": "India moves Swiss govt in Hasan Ali tax evasion case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has asked the Indian mission in Berne to get in touch with banking authorities of Switzerland for obtaining details of businessman Hasan Ali Khan's Swiss bank accounts in connection with the probe into one of the biggest tax evasion scams in the country.The finance ministry has written to the external affairs ministry to approach the Swiss banking authorities to allow a team of investigators drawn from the Enforcement Directorate and the income tax department who will place a \"comprehensive money laundering and criminal tax evasion\" report on the Pune-based stud farm owner and his associates.According to official sources, a team of three-four sleuths want to place documents related to \"criminal proceeds of crime\" allegedly amassed by Khan in front of the Swiss authorities so that they allow them to obtain his bank accounts data and cash statements, including one which he reportedly holds in a bank in Liechtenstein .Khan is currently in jail after ED slapped a money laundering case against him last year. The finance ministry, on the ED's plea, has sought to invoke the latest provisions of the revised Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement. An alleged violation by Khan under the Passport Act is also being probed by the agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17365636", "title": "Much-hyped air show fails to take off", "text": "NAGPUR: A fleeting fly-past of the Sukhoi 30s and absence of the much loved Suryakiran dampened the spirits of people who had flocked the surrounding areas of the airport at Sonegaon to watch the air show organized by the Air Force Maintenance Command on Sunday.Many terraces in the vicinity of the airport had turned into picnic spots as people gathered along with their friends and families to watch the much-awaited air show which they later dubbed as 'flop show'. For many of them it turned out to be a get-together sans excitement.The only thing which people could witness in the name of the 'air show' was a brief sighting of the Sukhoi aircraft which had arrived from Pune for the fly past. \"It did not last even for a few minutes! I didn't even realize when the planes flew over us like three huge birds,\" said CV Raghav, a student.The Sukhoi 30s, which were supposed to perform two sorties, had to abandon the second one due to miscalculations regarding fuel consumption, said an IAF source. \"Due to domestic air traffic congestion, the aircraft was required to use up more fuel on way back to Pune,\" the source said.Some of the people were dejected as their expectations had skyrocketed after the publicity given to the event. \"It was a flop show! Since there was so much hype in the media, we had organized a get-together on the terrace for our relatives who had come from Raipur and Amravati especially for the show. In the end, it was really embarrassing,\" said Anand Joshi, a resident of Sonegaon.Joshi added that even before they could realize what was happening, the show had ended. \"We knew that Suryakiran aircraft were not going to be there. But we had read that Sukhoi and Jaguar would be coming along with the Akashganga team. The Jaguar couldn't make it while the Sukhoi aircraft flew past us in a few seconds. We could only see the Akashganga troop descending,\" he said.Even though people outside weren't lucky enough, the invited guests saw the Air Force drill team performing for the first time in the city. A team of 27 airmen swung the .303 rifles with bayonets fixed to them.Nagpur: The Indian Air Force (IAF) will take over the spillover work of overhauling Sukhoi 30s, the fastest jet currently in its pack, from public sector undertaking Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL). The number of aircraft in IAF's fleet being more than HAL's capacity, efficient maintenance of this aircraft by the PSU has been hampered, say sources.A special cell will be created at one of the base repair depots under IAF's maintenance command for the job. The work will have to be divided due to a large number of Sukhois with the IAF. This will ensure efficient maintenance and overhaul of the aircraft, said Air-Officer-Commander-in-Chief (AOC-in-C) of the Maintenance Command Air Marshall Jagdish Chandra. He was speaking to newspersons on the sidelines of the air show by the command on Sunday. Both HAL and IAF will coordinate in the job, he said.There were reports of HAL not being able to fully cater to the maintenance of this aircraft, which has to undergo overhaul after every 1,500 hours of flying or 10 years of use. Currently, IAF has around 150 Sukhois. The planes were inducted from Russia in 1997 and are presently being made by HAL under a production licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17366802", "title": "Solemn city observes Muharram with tazias", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Citizens observed the tenth day of Muharram, Yavme Ashura, on Sunday and mourned the death of Hazrat Imam Husain and his 72 followers in the battle of Karbala. The devotees took out a procession with tazias through the Walled City and concluded it on the Sabarmati riverfront late in the night. The procession took place amid tight security as more than 2,000 policemen and paramilitary force jawans kept vigil on the route and its peripheries.J V Momin, the chairman of the city tazia committee, told TOI that 93 tazias from various areas of the city congregated near Astodia Road and then formed a procession near Vijli Ghar. \"Thousands of devotees paid homage to the Islamic leader and mourned his death,\" Momin said. \"Several youth groups carried the 'Nishaan' (star on a pole), ahead of the tazias. This year, modern tazias made with computer-aided designs and metals such as gold, silver, and bronze captured the devotees' imagination.\"It was police's day out as the deployment took place before the procession. Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, said that adequate arrangements had been made both on the riverfront and along the route to ensure an organized and peaceful procession. \"We did not receive any report of untoward incidents,\" he said.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that the traffic police had for the first time provided information on diversions through banners. \"The arrangement worked well as we had also requested the civic authorities not to hold the traditional Sunday market,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372753", "title": "Bala's films have immense impact: Balu Mahendra", "text": "Veteran director Balu Mahendra feels that a film's success should be measured by the impact it has on the audience and not by its box-office collections while he was speaking at the audio launch of Bala's forthcoming Tamil period-drama 'Paradesi', starring Atharva Murali, Vedhika Kumar and Dhansika.A film can truly be called successful if it becomes a memorable experience for the audiences, said Balu and added that \"films made by Bala may not be box-office hits, but they have always managed to have immense impact on the audience.\"\"If we judge films based on their box-office success, in that case we're ignoring so many quality films that are not commercial hits\", said the ace director. Paradesi is set to hit the screens on December 21st.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372297", "title": "Bieber gets honour from Canadian PM", "text": "Singer Justin Bieber has been awarded with the Diamond Jubilee medal by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper here.The Diamond Jubilee medal marks the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II's accession to the throne. The honour is to recognise \"significant contributions and achievements by Canadians\", reports local newspaper the Edmonton Sun.The 18-year-old singer shared the picture of the ceremony, which took place Nov 23, on his Twitter account and also wrote about the outfit he wore for the event.\"I met the Prime Minister in overalls,\" Bieber tweeted.The prime minister also mentioned the ceremony in one of his tweets saying: \"Was happy to present Justin Bieber with a Diamond Jubilee Medal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372333", "title": "Rafi sang great songs says Big B", "text": "Praising legendary singer Mohammad Rafi, megastar Amitabh Bachchan has said it was amazing how Rafi saab sang as melodiously as he did in absence of technology.Big B spoke at the launch of \"Mohammed Rafi My Abba - A Memoir\", a book written by the singer's daughter-in-law Yasmin Rafi, here Sunday.\"When we look at the great amount of work that he has left behind, we must be astonished now because Rafi saab rendered the songs at a time when the support of the technology was not there,\" said Amitabh.\"Today's music directors and technicians and singers, with all due respect, have the benefit of technology. You sing slightly 'besura' and there is a lovely machine that puts you in tune,\" added the 70-year-old, who has himself crooned some of his own songs.The actor says he has great admiration for Rafi, \"because he lived through a time and performed through a time when he was not supported by the modern technology that we have today\".Amitabh also spoke of Rafi's versatility, and recalled how he used to mould his voice according to the actor he sang for.\"Before singing a song for a particular actor, he used to ask, 'Which actor am I singing this for?' Then he would alter his voice or do something. Whether he was singing for Shammiji (Kapoor), whether he was singing for Dilip saab (Kumar), you felt that yes, this is Dilip Kumar singing or Shammi Kapoor singing. This is a quality which is very rare among the playback singers,\" he said.Rafi is known for songs like \"Chaudhvin ka chand\", \"Teri aankhon ke siva\" and \"Tum jo mil gaye ho\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365593", "title": "Kuber owner may move HC seeking nod to set sail", "text": "MUMBAI: It has been four years since the 26/11 terror attacks, Vinod Masani, the owner of fishing boat Kuber, is still in deep water. The boat was hijacked by Ajmal Kasab and his cohorts between Porbandar and Jakhau for 26/11.The Gujarat fisheries department has refused to grant Masani permission to sail in Gujarat waters. \"Since July, the Gujarat fisheries department has put a ban stating that I should first get a clearance from the government.\" said Masani.\"The special court has given me a clean chit and released my seized boat. I am planning to file a petition in before the Bombay high court seeking direction to all agencies, including the Gujarat fisheries department, to allow me to sail again,\" he added.Masani, who owns four such boats, said he is reeling under losses and has been paying the salaries of the boat's staffers. Masani, who welcomed the government's decision to hang Kasab, is upset with the manner in which his case has been handled by the government and security agencies. The fishing vessel was hijacked by terrorists in the Arabian Sea days before 26/11.Four fishermen on the vessel were killed and the terrorists dumped their bodies in the sea. The boat driver, Amar Solanki, was bumped off later and his body was found by the Navy. The vessel's four crew members are listed as missing in official records. They were identified as Junagadh resident Ramesh Solanki (36), Valsad residents Balwant Tandel (45) and Mukesh Rathod (20) and Navasari native Nanu Rathod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366390", "title": "After strikes, construction sector wakes up", "text": "KOCHI: The city's construction sector, which was dull for the last two months following a series of strikes called by different associations and trade bodies, is all set to become active again.Construction activities had come to a standstill when the cement dealers went on strike for more than a week demanding the withdrawal of double taxation on cement allegedly imposed by the state government. Taking cue, the tipper lorries and crushing units also went on strike.According to builders, the cement stock in almost all the construction sites were over by last Friday.Even ready-mix suppliers found it difficult to meet the demand. \"We received enquiries for ready-mix after the strike by cement dealers started. All our stock of cement was over and the supply has been hit since Wednesday,\" said Neptune Readymix Concrete manager Shibu Markose. \"Though the dealers called off their strike, cement is yet to arrive from factories. Hopefully, it would arrive this week. Now almost all issues have been settled so the construction works will move into in full swing,\" said Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Kochi secretary John Thomas.Markose said the construction sector normally becomes active during the third quarter of the financial year. But this year it was hit by strikes. \"The ban imposed by the district administration on red sand mining, strike by tipper trucks and crusher units also hit the sector badly,\" said Kerala Builders Association (KBA) vice-president Sani Francis. Apart from the shortage in supply of raw materials, the strike by lift mechanics also hit the construction industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365932", "title": "Senior state babus, cops miss the central bus", "text": "Not only veteran bureaucrats, but high-ranking IPS officers too have missed the bus despite the fact that Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde belongs to Maharashtra. When Shinde took over the reins of the Union home department in August, state bureaucrats and top police brass were expecting that in the process of appointment on key posts, Maharashtra cadre IPS officers will have an upper hand. If a senior bureaucrat is to be believed, then, Shinde was helpless since no DG level officer from the state was in the zone of consideration for appointment as director of CBI, RAW or IB as none of them was empanelled for appointment on central deputation. It was found that while Maharashtra has largest number of IPS officers after Uttar Pradesh, they are reluctant to take up central deputations. Once a person secures Maharashtra cadre, he prefers to stay in the state and many of them succeed in securing plum assignments and that too in Mumbai till their retirement. As per rules, out of the 300 odd IPS officers in the state, a minimum of 61 officers should be on central deputation, but it was found that at any given time, less than 20 IPS officers are on central deputation. As a result, Maharashtra's presence in the national capital or other states is very poor. Of course, never in the past, any senior IPS officer from the state was considered for appointment as director of CBI, RAW or IB. IPS officers from Maharashtra reached the level of additional or special director. Maharashtra has already lost all central deputation post for IAS to non-state cadre bureaucrats. Once, heads of the Mumbai port trust, Jawaharlal Nehru port trust or directors of vigilance of state-run petroleum corporations were from the state itself, but in the recent past, all these posts have been occupied by non-state cadre IAS or IPS officers, which reflects the dwindling influence of state political leadership on the Centre.President fulfils Sena supremo's demandIn the run-up to the presidential election, when Congress nominee Pranab Mukherjee called on Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , the latter had submitted that he had specific demands: Hang Afzal Guru, who had attacked Parliament, and Ajmal Kasab, the lone surviving terrorist from Pakistan and award the prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke award to veteran artiste Sulochana didi. If a member of the Thackeray family is to be believed, then Mukherjee had given him a positive assurance, saying, he will expedite the proposals if he is elected to the highest office. While there is uncertainty over Afzal Guru's hanging and Phalke award to Sulochana didi, Kasab has been hanged. According to the member, when former president Pratibha Patil had called on him, then too Thackeray had raised the same issues. Then Kasab's appeal was pending before the apex court, but Thackeray did express displeasure over the prolonged delay in Afzal Guru's hanging and Phalke award to Sulochana didi. Thackeray made it known to Patil that she should have taken a bold decision on both the issues. After Abdul Kalam's term expired, when the election process began, Congress had declared the nomination of Pratibha Patil. While BJP had supported the candidature of Bhairosingh Shekhawat, Thackeray had supported Patil's nomination on grounds that she is a woman and belongs to Maharashtra, but the support was conditional, provided she rejected Afzal Guru's mercy petition and granted the Phalke award to Sulochana didi. When Mukherjee sought Thackeray's support, he reiterated the same conditions on Guru and the Phalke award. In both elections, Thackeray had incurred the wrath of BJP. Now members of the Thackeray family expect that their remaining demands\u00e2\u20ac\u201dexecution of Guru and the Phalke award to Sulochana didi\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtoo will be accepted by Mukherjee.After Adarsh scam, babus tread carefullyIndeed bureaucrats have learnt lessons from the Adarsh scam and RTI Act. In the corridors of power, it's a well known fact that following the enactment of the RTI Act and arrest of high-ranking bureaucrats for their alleged involvement in the multicrore Adarsh scam, the entire administration has come to a grinding halt, since no bureaucrat is keen on taking any decision, which may result in controversy at a later stage or invite trouble during his career or even after his retirement. A week ago, when there was a row over Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's funeral at Shivaji Park and granting him a state funeral, the moot question was who would issue the order for granting permission. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had a series of meetings with his cabinet colleagues and high-ranking bureaucrats. Accordingly, a final decision was taken to allow the funeral at Shivaji Park with state honours. The entire order has been drafted carefully. In the event, there is a public interest litigation or RTI, the blame will come on the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371631", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal formally launches Aam Aadmi Party", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), India's newest political party, was on Monday formally launched by activist Arvind Kejriwal in the presence of thousands of supporters.\"This party is result of our struggle against corruption,\" said Kejriwal, who had announced the name of his party on Saturday.His colleague Manish Sisodia declared the name of the party to the gathering in central Delhi's Jantar Mantar and said: \"It is our party.\"Sisodia also announced the names of the other 23 members of the national executive body. These include Sisodia himself as well as Prashant Bhushan, Dinesh Waghela, Sanjay Singh, Gopa Rai and Kumar Vishwas.\"Kejriwal takes the position as the national convenor. Pankaj Gupta would be the national secretary, Krishna Kanth would be national treasurer of AAP,\" Waghela said.Earlier in the day, Kejriwal and his colleagues visited Mahatma Gandhi's memorial Raj Ghat. He also paid tributes to BR Ambedkar.Kejriwal's chose to launch his party on November 26 as the constitution of India was adopted on this day in 1949.Kejriwal had said on Sunday that he would \"go to every village and town in the country for the next one year to convince people against the vote-bank politics of the Congress and the BJP\". Both parties, he claimed, \"used people only for votes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17365544", "title": "Interim relief for firm\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s directors in iron ore cert scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC directed the MRA Marg police, who are probing a fake iron ore certificate scam, to give a 72-hour notice to four directors of Raipur-based Hira Steels Ltd before arresting them.While giving the interim relief, the division bench of Justices AS Oka and Sadhna Jadhav had kept the matter for quashing of the FIR pending till the hearing on Monday. The directors\u00e2\u20ac\u201dJagdish Prasad Agrawal, Amit Agrawal, Ajay Ahluwalia and Pankaj Agarwal\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhad filed a criminal application for quashing of the FIR of cheating and forgery charges against them.In June, Geo-Chem, a company with expertise in inspection, survey and testing of cargo and commodities, filed a complaint under Section 156 (3) of CrPC before the 38th court alleging that their former employee Jagannathan Rao and Prasanna Ghotge, an iron ore exporter, had cheated the company by issuing a fake quality certificate.\"In May, the Raipur police arrived at Geo-Chem's Goa branch to inquire into issuance of a bogus certificate to Ghotage for export of iron ore to China from Goa. At this juncture, Geo-Chem learnt about the fraud carried out by their former manager Rao,\" said investigating officer Phadthare. In May, the Raipur police arrested Rao on the complaint of Hira Steels and registered a complaint of fraud against Prasanna Ghotge, Jayesh Parab, Sanjay Shironkar, Vividha, Hasan M, Angolkar, Sheikh Imran, Jagannathan Rao and KV Sharma under various sections.Hira Steels alleged that Ghotge had signed an agreement with it on May 7, 2011, for supplying 1,10,000 metric tonnes of iron ore having 51% iron content. Ghotge supplied only 41,253 metric tonnes to Hira Steels and the firm supplied the same to a company in China. In July 2011, prior to the cargo reaching China, the buyer had sent an email to the head office of Geo-Chem in Mumbai enquiring about the authenticity of its report.\"The Mumbai office immediately replied to the Chinese buyer stating that the report was fake. Later when the material was inspected in China in August it was found that the iron ore supplied by Ghotge was found to be of inferior quality and it iron content was about 41%,\" said a Geo-Chem official.However, during the MRA Marg police probe it was found that Rao had issued a fake certificate. Cops are seeking Rao's custody.\"Our investigations have found that in May 2011, Hira Steels had asked Intertek India's office in Goa for testing the cargo, which had issued a report stating that the ore was of inferior quality and despite knowing that Hira Steels deliberately exported it to China hoping to encash on the goodwill and reputation of Geo-Chem,\" added Phadthare.Hira group's advocate Fiji Fedrick said, \"Hira Steels was first to file the complaint of cheating against Geo-Chem's directors in Raipur. Later, the directors went in for quashing the FIR, which was rejected. It was an afterthought that Geo-Chem, in a bid to defend itself, has filed a private complaint against Hira Steels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369784", "title": "Lawrence's special birthday gift to Rajinikanth", "text": "Choreographer-turned-Director Lawrence who is a die-hard fan of Rajinikanth has decided to give a special birthday gift to his matinee idol on December 2012.Lawrence is making arrangements to unveil a special album dedicated to Superstar on his birthday. \"I am one of those crores of fans of Superstar Rajinikanth. I have a high regard for him and he is really a wonderful human being. I want to dedicate a special album for Rajini sir on his coming birthday, which is very special (12-12-12). Music director Vijay Antony is composing the songs and it will be like a big treat for all his fans. It's my gift to the Superstar,\" he revealed.Speculations are ripe that Lawrence was doing so to draw the attention of the superstar and to bag the offer to direct a film. His last outing Rebel bombed at the Box Office, incurring huge losses to the producers.The makers of Rajinikanth's upcoming film 'Vikramsihma' have earlier thought of releasing it on December 12, but called off their plans due to the delay in shooting and post-production. Fans have a reason to rejoice as the 3D version of the star's 2007 hit Shivaji will be hitting the screens on the same day.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365804", "title": "Directors favour theatres for art house cinema", "text": "PANAJI: Directors of the Indian Panorama section at Iffi have emphasized the need to set up a separate chain of theatres showcasing art house cinema.\"Our cinema has its own audience, but our films are being hijacked. They are received and screened elsewhere. It hurts that it is not as popular in its country of origin. There also exists discrimination between documentaries and feature films. We need better infrastructure to promote these films,\" said Sourav Sarangi, the director of 'Char... the no Man's Island' a film about the dislocation caused by the constantly changing river Ganga demarcated as the border between India and Bangladesh.Gurvinder Singh, director of the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC)-produced film 'Anhe Ghore Da Daan' stated that there was a need for parallel chain of theatres to showcase short films and other art house cinema.\"We are making films at an exciting time, especially non-Hindi films, giving a big fillip for independent cinema. There is new energy at NFDC where top distributers and producers are brought in. Indian films are very popular at Cannes, Berlin and Venice,\" Singh said. 'Anhe Ghore Da Daan' which focuses on the status of dalits, migration and landless labour was screened at the Modern Art museum, New York and at the festivals at London, Venice and Bussan. \"When my film was screened at PVR in Mumbai and Delhi, the tickets were priced at 400 and 900. It's like shooting a dead body,\" Singh said.\"With newer technology and its accessibility, the scope for unconventional films is bright. There is newer talent. Documentaries are no longer limited to statistics and figures,\" Sarangi said.Also present at the meet were director Unni Vijayan whose film titled 'Lessons in Forgetting' based on a novel by Anita Nair, was described as multi-layered and nuanced, and director Abhijit Mazumdar whose film 'Vanishing point' revolves around the friendship of a cinematic duo on a journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366760", "title": "Finance company official booked for duping customers of 1.25 crore", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police booked a relationship manager of a financial services company for allegedly duping the company's customers worth Rs 1.25 crore. The suspect had taken money from four of the company's customers by transferring their shares to his persona account.A complaint was lodged by Amarendra Singh (29) of Bibvewadi, an officer of the company with the Kothrud police station.Senior inspector of the Kothrud police station Kalyanrao Vidhate said that the incident took place between April 2012 and November 12, 2012 at the company office on Paud road in Kothrud. \"The suspect transferred shares of four customers of the company on his personal account,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate added that for transferring the shares, the suspect had prepared fake documents. \"Investigation has also revealed that the suspect had stolen several important documents from company,\" Vidhate said.The suspect has been booked under sections 408 (criminal breach of trust by servant), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471(using forged document as genuine), 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.In another incident, the Wanowrie police have booked two suspects for allegedly duping a bank to the tune of Rs 55 lakh by opening fake bank account in the name of a builder.Assistant inspector of Wanowrie police station, Prasad Sanas, said that the incident took place between January and August this year.The duo had applied for a home loan in the bank by submitting fake documents. \"The bank had sanctioned Rs 55 lakh for the loan and gave a demand draft (DD) in the name of the builder,\" Sanas said.The duo however, deposited the DD in the fake account and immediately withdrew the cash. %\"We are investigating further,\"% Sanas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368069", "title": "Current outlook on rheumatology stressed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Renowned international experts Prof Wolfgang L Gross and Prof Paul Bacon visited PGI during the continuing medical education (CME) programme on 'Current Perspectives in Rheumatology' being organized by the department of internal medicine on Sunday as part of the golden jubilee celebrations of the institute.Gross is the founding member of the European vasculitis working group EUVAS, an adviser with the American support group for vasculitis \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vasculitis Research Consortium \u00e2\u20ac\u201d (VCRC) and medical director of the Rheumatology Clinic, Bad Bramstedt, Germany.Vasculitis is a group of diseases that affect multiple organs in the body, and if not diagnosed in time, it can be fatal. Bacon, emeritus professor of rheumatology at the University of Birmingham, has been associated with development and validation of tools for assessment of disease activity and damage in patients with vasculitis. Birmingham Vasculitis Activity Score is one of the most widely used tools for assessing disease activity in vasculitis disorders and was developed by Bacon's group.He has been closely associated with vasculitis research in India and has visited PGI on various occasions previously.He will be speaking on assessment of disease activity and damage.The rheumatology wing of the department of internal medicine at PGI is also participating in the ongoing American College of Rheumatology/EULAR study for the development of classification and diagnostic criteria of systemic vasculitis (DCVAS). Dr Aman Sharma, the organizing secretary of the CME, is the principal investigator from PGI. Other speakers at the CME included professors Pradeep Bambery, A N Malaviya, R N Mishra and Major General Ved Chaturvedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17367344", "title": "Paintings by lesser-known artists receive good response", "text": "MADURAI: The young woman, her head tilted a bit is seen looking down in the 3 x 2 feet canvas. Her eyes are deliberately left out. But that does not prevent the broad brush strokes from making her mood precise to the viewers.The portrait titled \"My Woman\" by Thirunavukkarasu is one among the 45 paintings by lesser-known artists from Madurai displayed at the exhibition in Khaki Plaza in K K Nagar. The exhibition could easily be termed a rare event given the track record of Madurai in hosting such expos.\"But art appreciation in Madurai is picking up. There is a growing demand for paintings, though it is far less than other cities,\" says Chandan, a Madurai-based artist who had displayed seven of his paintings in the expo. The four-day expo titled 'Look For' was organised by Urban Spice, a gallery and Kiruku, a design studio.The expo featured paintings by five artists on multiple mediums, besides photographs. In a novel initiative, paintings on household articles like plastic buckets, cans and chairs were also displayed. \"The expo is to 'Look for' good art, talent and expressions from our own locality for a step forward in a true global sense,\" reads the objective of the expo.While Thirunavukkarasu has his series of paintings titled \"My woman,\" Chandan touched upon nature including underwater life. There was \"Sacred geometry\", a maze of geometric objects expressed in canvas by Devisri, line drawings and monotonous water colour works also decorated the show.\"This is the first exhibition for most of the artists. Some of them who have exhibited had to be coerced to exhibit it here as they were inhibitions,\" said an organiser.Chandan said that the response from the art buffs was unexpected. \"People dropped in more than the number we thought. We have also sold three paintings,\" he said.The price of the paintings ranged from Rs 2,500 to 15,000. However, the artists said that Madurai needed a permanent gallery to showcase their paintings like the space most of the cities have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "if globetrotting artist punjabi mc is in india, is there a remote possibility that he's not itching to get back to his roots? while this polished briton is game for performing here, on saturday night at the blue blazer, sector 26, he had the crowds yearning for more. \"when the idea of performing here was told to me i just had to agree,\" said rajinder rai aka punjabi mc. raising the bar", "code": "17369755", "title": "Punjabi MC rocked the do", "text": "If globetrotting artist Punjabi MC is in India, is there a remote possibility that he's not itching to get back to his roots? While this polished Briton is game for performing here, on Saturday night at The Blue Blazer, Sector 26, he had the crowds yearning for more. \"When the idea of performing here was told to me I just had to agree,\" said Rajinder Rai aka Punjabi MC. Raising the bar: With every performance the place gets better by hosting great performers that provide Chandigarhians a real partying flavour. And the trend continued with Punjabi MC, who's popular across the globe. Besides his chartbusters Morni and Mundian toh bach ke rahi , he belted out his well-stocked collection that got everyone into party overdrive. Global figure: This party had a mish-mash of people from different cities including foreigners. \"He's a DJ known for his Punjabi spirits. And it's nice to have him with us,\" said MD of the place, Ganeev Bains. With one Punjabi theme night held before Diwali titled 'Patiala Peg' and this being the other, The Blue Blazer proved its diverse flavours. When asked about next dhamaka, Ganeev remarked, \"Suspense will be out soon.\" We also spotted director of the place Annu Bains enjoying the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17369012", "title": "Ind vs Eng: England humiliate India with 10-wicket win, level series 1-1", "text": "MUMBAI: India's ploy to prepare a spinning track backfired heavily as a spirited England inflicted a humiliating ten-wicket defeat on the clueless hosts in the second Test to level the four-match series 1-1 on Monday.Scorecard | Match In PicsResuming at a precarious 117/7 after conceding a vital 86-run first innings lead, the Indians were skittled out for a paltry 141 within an hour's play on the fourth morning, leaving the visitors an easy target of 57 for victory which they achieved without much fuss with more than five sessions to spare.Only Gautam Gambhir (65) provided a semblance of resistance before being the last man to be dismissed though television replays indicated that he was distinctly unlucky to be ruled out.Left-arm spinner Monty Panesar was the pick of the English bowlers with figures of 22-3-81-6 for a match haul of 11 wickets while Graeme Swann snapped up the remaining four wickets in a fine exhibition of spin bowling.The two England openers Alastair Cook (18) and Nick Compton (30) overhauled the target in just 9.4 overs to complete the rout in a match which was dominated by the visitors in conditions which were tailor-made for the home team spinners.The moment of triumph came through four byes off R Ashwin which triggered off scenes of jubilation in the England dressing room with the players hugging each other and celebrating a remarkable victory.It was a pathetic display by the Indians who were thoroughly outplayed in their own den. While the spinners were a complete letdown on a track which suited them, the famed batting line up also left much to be desired failing to counter the spin threat of Panesar and Swann.England, on the other hand, showed remarkable character and resilience to bounce back and square the series 1-1 after suffering a nine-wicket drubbing in the first Test in Ahmedabad.The turnaround was largely possible due to Kevin Pietersen and Cook's centuries in the first innings and the brilliant bowling efforts of Panesar and Swann.The two teams will now travel to Kolkata for the third Test which begins from December 5.India, who were tottering at 117/7 on Day 3 against the double spin attack of Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann, lost their remaining wickets this morning in 11.1 overs and 43 minutes.With Gautam Gambhir the only top order batsman left to carry on the fight to the rival camp, India stared defeat in the face last evening itself and any hopes of a late turnaround was belied.Gambhir was last out, declared leg before, off an inside edge for a defiant 65, but with the top batsmen collapsing like nine pins against Panesar and Swann last evening after India batted for the second time in the game, there was little hope of escaping defeat.It was India's seventh Test defeat in 23 games, as compared to nine wins, against all comers at this venue, and their third in 7 games against England and second on the trot.The hosts had previously suffered reverses against their English rivals in 1980 and 2006 - the last time the two met at this ground. Overall, it was India's 39th defeat, and twelfth at home, in 105 Tests.Graeme Swann got the initial wicket in his first over itself, after an expensive opening over by Panesar, by dismissing overnight not out batsman Harbhajan Singh.Singh, who struck a lofted four off Panesar, checked his cut shot to a ball that turned and bounced from the off spinner and offered a tame catch to slip fielder Jonathan Trott to depart for 6 after facing 5 balls.Panesar, who was hit for two fours in his first over, got rid off no. 10 batsman Zaheer Khan (1) when his sweep shot ballooned up off the top edge for wicket keeper Matt Prior to run a few yards and take it near the square leg position and India had slumped to 131 for 9 in the fifth over of the morning.Gambhir, with only last man Pragyan Ojha for company, farmed the strike to help the team add 11 more runs before he was last out, leg before to Swann while defending as he was rapped on the back pad.Replays suggested the left handed opener got an inside edge on to the pad, and Gambhir was understandably not happy with umpire Tony Hill's decision.Gambhir, who missed becoming only the fourth Indian opener to carry his bat through after Sunil Gavaskar (1983), Virender Sehwag (2008) and Rahul Dravid (2011), showed the only sign of defiance from the home team in the second innings while his other teammates flopped.The Delhi left hander, not out on 53 last evening, batted for over three hours, and struck six fours in 142 balls before becoming Swann's fourth victim of the innings.Panesar, who ended the innings with brilliant figures of 6 for 81, thus equalled the late Hedley Verity's record (for a spin bowler) haul of 11-153, in 1933-34 at Chennai (then Madras), on Indian soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365954", "title": "Hyderabad turns up in a big way for 10K run", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sunday dawned on an energetic note for Hyderabadis as enthusiastic people headed for the Jamba Cloud 10K run at the Necklace Road. The usually laid-back weekend morning made way for an electric atmosphere at the venue where around 8,500 participants from across the city gathered for the marathon. People's Plaza at Necklace Road, where the run was flagged off, started buzzing with activity as early as 6am with participants pouring in for registrations, warm-ups and a chance to catch a glimpse of celebrities at the flag-off.At the Jamba Cloud 10K run, for which The Times of India was the print partner, tennis star Sania Mirza , Tollywood actor and Union minister Chiranjeevi, chief coach of Indian badminton Pullela Gopichand, AP assembly speaker Nadendla Manohar and commissioner of police, Anurag Sharma were present. \"It's great to see people of Hyderabad coming together in such large numbers. This run is not just about health and fitness, but also about supporting various causes Hyderabad believes in. The event was proof that the city is united, regardless of caste, creed, religion and gender,\" said Chiranjeevi.Smartly dressed young boys and girls cheered as they went past the podium after the flag off for both the 10K and 7K races, watching the celebrities waving to them and giving words of encouragement. Families, groups of youngsters, school students, college-goers and professionals comprised colourful crowd, donning sporty shoes and track pants, with many wearing t-shirts with the company's or institution's name and holding up banners and waving flags.The event was organised by Procam International in association with Hyderabad 10K Run Foundation.Among the many runners were two participants on wheelchairs who completed the entire 10 kilometre course. One was Madasu Srinavas Rao, Arjuna awardee for wheelchair badminton and the other, Anji Ramanjaneyulu, also an international wheelchair badminton player. \"Youth nowadays are very lazy and I am here to show them the importance of physical fitness,\" said Srinivas Rao. Anji added that he too wanted to raise awareness about differently-abled sportspersons.Other than participants from various walks of life in the age group of 13 to 70, the event also saw many corporate groups come forward in large numbers to run for a particular cause. \"It was a great experience and we were really inspired by seniors and other elderly people who kept cheering us along the way,\" said Monisha Batra of Delloite, adding that she and her friends were trying to spread awareness about the lupus disease. Many others carried banners of their company's CSR initiatives and shouted slogans in support of various cause like human rights, alcohol and drug abuse, education for underprivileged children and veganism etc. Several NGOs too used the run as platform to raise awareness about their causes. Some volunteers were seen even wearing costumes in support of animals. A large contingent from the state police was present too, waving the tricolour and holding up banners announcing 130 years of the state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17365983", "title": "Metro mishap: Cops await forensic report", "text": "GURGAON: The postmortem report of 21-year-old Vikas Mehrana, who died after being hit by an iron beam that sprung loose from the Rapid Metro corridor under construction at DLF Phase-II on Saturday, is not clear on what exactly caused the accident. Cops say that investigations are on and they will be able to comment on the cause of the accident once the forensic science laboratory report comes out in the next couple of days.It is still unclear how the iron beam fell and hit Vikas. \"The postmortem report says that Vikas died due to severe head injuries and multiple skull fractures. The maximum impact was on the forehead. It's still unclear what caused the accident . We will be able to make the arrests only after receiving the FSL report,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368050", "title": "Rampant use of forged papers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Investigating the multi-crore bank fraud which shook the city last week, the economic offence wing (EOW) has seized more than 130 files of housing loans which were used by the accused to unscrupulously clear loans under various categories.Cops had initially said that the scam has caused losses of Rs 20 crore but now, the probe is indicating financial irregularities were on a larger scale. Cops said that there has been a rampant use of fake property registration papers, educational certificates, surety bonds, signatures, driving licences, ration cards, PAN cards and even photographs.\"It's a close-knitted network and scores of people are involved in the scam either directly or indirectly. We have scrutinized the files and there has been a widespread use of fake documents and signatures,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (EOW). \"Fake inspection reports, maps and architectural plans have been attached with the files. The mastermind hired middlemen and people from across Punjab. They were paid commission charges,\"Joshi said. Joshi said cops are finding it difficult to arrest the accused since phone numbers and addresses mentioned in the files are fake. More bankers might be involved.So far, police have arrested five persons, including former manager of Punjab and Sind bank Rajinder Singh Kalsi. Cops said they expect around a dozen more arrests from parts of Punjab, Haryana and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17370177", "title": "Head constable shot dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 49-year-old head constable was shot dead by unidentified assailants in a car while he was checking vehicles on the outskirts of the city on Monday morning, police said.Head constable Ramkishan, a resident of Nangloi, managed to snatch one pistol from the attackers but they fired at him with another pistol, a senior police official said.The incident took place at Jonty border in Kanjhawla at around 2:10am.\"A police team was conducting picket checking at the border. Ramkishan had stopped a car for checking. There were four persons inside the car.\"After frisking the two passengers in the rear seat, when he moved towards the driver side, the person sitting next to the driver fired at him,\" the official said.He was rushed to Braham Shakti Hospital where he was declared brought dead, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17368184", "title": "Redesignating of colonies to sectors on MC agenda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The widespread demand of creation of 12 more sectors from the Manimajra area will be discussed in the municipal corporation's monthly house meeting on Monday. Residents have said that the existing colonies which have grown in population over the years should be upgraded to the status of sectors. They said the current names of colonies like Pipli Wala and Gawala do not give a good impression.According to details, there exist around 12 residential colonies in the Manimajra area which include Darshani Bagh, Subhash Nagar, Adarsh Nagar, Pipli Wala Town, Gawala Colony, Indira Colony, Old Indira Colony, Mauli Complex, Ambedkar Awas Yojna, Bhagat Singh Colony, Vikas Nagar, Shivalik Enclave and Old Manimajra.Municipal councillor Desh Raj Gupta said, \"This has been a crucial demand of the residents since such a thing has been done in the past. The areas are densely populated but there is no proper numbering of houses. After discussion and approval from MC, the proposal will be sent to UT administration for speedy implementation.\" The recent demand of those living in Dhanas to rename the area as Sector 14 (West) was rejected since it would lead to a jump in land value. Association of residents of Milkmen Colony, Dhanas, had raised the issue with UT adviser K K Sharma and the matter was referred to the master plan committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17366206", "title": "Five died of rabies in Patna last year", "text": "PATNA: Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) received an average of 60 dog bite cases every day during the last one year, of which around ten cases were detected to be of rabies. But there were only two deaths due to rabies here. Dr Rashmi Singh, professor and head, department of community medicine, PMCH, told TOI, \"Till a few years back, we used to receive over 100 dog bite cases every day. But since residents have become more aware of dog bite menace, this number has reduced to around 60 cases per day.\"Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, superintendent, Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) said the hospital received no cases of dog bite in the last one year. A few other major private hospitals in the city together reported three deaths due to rabies in the last one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371297", "title": "Sonia should retract her statement against BJP on 2G issue: Ravi Shankar Prasad", "text": "NEW DELHI: In wake of former CAG official R P Singh claiming his comments on PAC chairman Murli Manohar Joshi on the 2G issue were misquoted, BJP on Monday asked Congress president Sonia Gandhi to retract her statement in which she had attacked the main Opposition party.\"In light of what R P Singh has stated, the BJP would like to know from Sonia Gandhiji would she retract her comment almost condemning the BJP in the most abusive terms,\" BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters outside Parliament here.He said the core issue was rampant corruption in allocation of 2G licences, which were subsequently cancelled by the Supreme Court.Prasad said it was \"deeply regrettable and condemnable\" for the Congress president to question the bona fide of BJP which is the principal Opposition party based on a \"motivated comments\" of a retired CAG official.\"Yes, certainly I think so,\" Gandhi had earlier told reporters here when asked whether BJP had been \"exposed\" by Singh's comments.Singh had recently said that the Public Accounts Committee had suggested one of the methodologies to CAG to calculate the losses due to 2G spectrum allocation, which were pegged at Rs 1.76 lakh crore in its final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17365760", "title": "Trade fair's new high: 1,30,000 visitors on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was a maddening rush at the India International Trade Fair (IITF) on Sunday as over 1,30,000 people visited the mega multi-product show - the highest on a day since the event began.A sea of people could be seen across pavilions, with little walking space especially in international stalls, cosmetic and pharmaceutical pavilion, theme pavilion, food courts and other stalls. The pavilion of SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) member countries drew maximum crowd, said organizers, adding that the footfall on Friday was around 1 lakh.However, exhibitors say that the sale figures have not been higher this year. \"The sales have been low. Many people are visiting our stalls but few of them are actually buying products. This could be because of the economic slowdown,\" said a stall owner at Bangladesh pavilion.Many people were seen purchasing dry fruits and saffron at the Afghanistan pavilion. \"This is my first visit to the trade fair and it is great to see products from so many countries under the same roof. You get to know about their culture, handicrafts and traditional work. Altogether, it has been a great experience,\" said Prabhat, a visitor. A total of 176 business houses and traders dealing in apparels, clothes, home products and artefacts, have participated in the event this year. The microfibre and silk quilts at Hong Kong pavilion, and the woolen material at Nepal and Kashmir pavilion are in huge demand.The Rajasthan pavilion has also been a major attraction among visitors. While the stall has the state's renowned jewellery work - 'meenakari' and 'kundan' - on display, the pavilion also offers the popular footwear, jutis.\"One can glimpse at Rajasthan's art and culture just by standing at Pragati Maidan's trade fair,\" said Kataria. Many children were seen hopping pavilions using skates so that they did not have to walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17365555", "title": "Alwar's Bala Quila gets a facelift, freed of litter", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time in recent times, a cleanliness drive was carried out at Bala Quila, an ancient fort perched on a steep cliff nearly 304 meters high overlooking Alwar town.\"The fort houses a temple and post Navratras, a lot of garbage including plastic bags and eatables were left there. Besides, revelers usually throw beer bottles, gutkha pouches and chips packets without a care for the forest around the Quila, which also has some wild animals,\" said Chinmay Mc Massey, secretary, Sariska Tiger Conservation Organisation.The green drive was conducted at Bala Quila with 150 school children from the Delhi Public School &amp; 100 NCC cadets. \"Starting in the morning, the children went around the entire fort covering a stretch of nearly 15 km picking the garbage. They covered the premises from the entry gate right up to Jai Vilas. Nearly 50 big polythene bags and plastic bottles and non-degradable stuff were collected from the fort premises and destroyed,\" said Massey.The crumbling fort surrounded by protected forests has just been restored at a cost of Rs 2 cr and is a must see. \"We have also placed seven dustbins of 200 kg capacity in the fort to keep the premises clean,\" said Massey.Standing tall since 16th century even before the Mughals arrived, the fort is the most notable symbol of the Alwar town. It is said that Emperor Jahangir stayed in Bala Quila when his father Emperor Akbar banished him. The place where Emperor Jahangir stayed in Bala Quila is known as Salim Mahal. Later, in 1775, Bala Quila was taken by Pratap Singh, the founder of Alwar state. This huge fort once upon a time had tight security which one can witness with its 15 large and 51 small towers perched on top of the fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17371682", "title": "Help desks to check corruptions in hospitals", "text": "BANGALORE: Soon there will be a help desk in every district hospital run under the Health and Family Welfare Department of Karnataka to curb alleged corruption practices. Two hospitals under the Health and Family Welfare Department in Bangalore-K C General and Jayanagar General Hospitals-already have this facility, other hospitals like Indiranagar General Hospital, Gosha General hospitals are likely to have it in the next few months.Said M Madan Gopal, Principal Secretary Health and Family Welfare Department: \"Help desks set up in these hospitals with the help of NGOs, will help to keep check on alleged corruption practices. The government is also planning to connect these desks with the centralized helpline number 104 (which is to be launched in due course of time) so that people can voice their grievances to the authorities.\"The information was shared with the media while Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Aravind Limbavali visited the under construction building of Gosha Maternity and Childcare Hospital. The new hospital, which is likely to be constructed by year 2014 will be a 250 bedded facilitiy with a Neonatal ICU (NICU). Presently the hospital is being run from an old structure in the same premises and has 120 beds.The new building was put under construction in March this year, after the National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) released a grant of Rs. 12 crore. It was initially to be a 150 bed project, which has now been expanded to 250 beds. This has raised the cost of construction to about Rs. 20 crore and the deadline of completion of work is likely to postpone from December 2013 to June 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17366615", "title": "Online facility to check misuse of sedatives delayed", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The drugs control department is yet to introduce the online facility, planned over a year ago, for furnishing the details of various tranquilizing drugs purchased and supplied by distributors and retailers in the sector. Decision to introduce the new software was taken to check the practice of drug dealers misusing medicines with the help of narcotic mafia.The officials of the department had claimed that the new system would force the drug dealers to submit the detailed purchase list of sedative drugs online. This would help the vigilance wing of the department to easily identify any shady deals between drug abusers and dealers.\"We could not introduce the online system owing to the absence of digital signature facility and the delay in preparing proper software,\" said officials with the department.\"The project may be further delayed as it requires the involvement of wholesale and retail drug dealers,\" they added.Presently, drug distributors are manually furnishing the details of purchased drugs, batch number, sold out quantity and available quantity for verification purpose. The officials said it is difficult for them to go through the register books submitted by the suppliers of medicines.The task is made even tougher by the dealers who are irregular in submitting the list.A special monitoring system to check the sale of drugs with sedative contents was also planned under the project.\"The department has already prepared a list of 12 drugs containing tranquilizing substances, which are widely misused for distribution among school and college students,\" said an official with the drugs control department.Meantime, the department has already introduced online facility to download the application form for getting drug licence.Presently, filled up forms could be sent to the department using a compact disc .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17367443", "title": "Sivakasi set to welcome 2013 with diaries", "text": "SIVAKASI: With the year nearing an end, Sivakasi town in Virudhunagar is wrapping up diary manufacturing and is busy with deliveries. But the ongoing power crisis has certainly burdened units with escalating costs and bringing down orders by 20 percent. Sivakasi along with its fireworks and matches is also an important hub of diary manufacturing in the country. This small town alone caters to 30 percent of the total diary production in the country. The evolution of the diary started along with the printing presses that were initially installed as an auxiliary industry for printing labels for firework boxes. Later, entrepreneurs explored the idea of manufacturing diaries and strengthened the industry with modern technologies and machineries.A diary, before it reaches our hand, undergoes various stages of production from pages, also known as forms, gathered manually, pictures inserted, sewed, trimmed, the spine prepared and reinforced to be bound with the cover, before the final stage is reached. Diary manufacturers, mainly bigger ones, work round the year though smaller units work in the final months of a year mainly depending upon outsourcing of works.Manufacturers estimate that the industry suffered a 15 to 20 percent production loss and the escalation of production cost by 5 to 10 percent especially by smaller units this year due to the power crisis. Orders from the middle segment of the industry also witnessed a downward trend as most units of this segment in the state suffer from a power crisis. However, the impact is not very critical, manufacturers said. \"The big players had regular orders from corporates and other big companies, but generally there is a loss of 15 to 20 percent in the industry due to a sluggish market,\" said K Selvakumar of Lovely Cards who is one of the diary majors in town. International orders have not dipped much and exports have not shrunk,\" Selvakumar said.\"We have finished orders for bigger corporates and are hurrying up with late orders. The industry certainly had an impact due to the power crisis as the units had to depend on generator power. This has particularly affected smaller units that mostly depend on getting work done through outsourcing,\" said Murali of Orient Diaries.In spite of various modern gadgets, the diary still has its place in the market. People still prefer giving compliments through diaries. Manufacturers have also tried to bring in more variety this year in spite of the sluggish trend in the market,\" players said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366940", "title": "Colleagues remember CBI DIG Suresh Kumar Palsania", "text": "NEW DELHI: A condolence meeting was held on Sunday at the CBI headquarters in memory of DIG Suresh Kumar Palsania, who led the probe in the 2G spectrum allocation case.Palsania, a 1996-batch IPS officer of Odisha cadre, passed away earlier this month at the age of 44 after an acute illness. Remembering him as a gritty officer, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said, \"When he was battling with disease, me and director CBI went to hospital where he said he would be fit and be back soon. I vividly remember my last meeting with him at Vigyan Bhavan, just a month back. He looked hale and hearty and as always, smiling, while he received the President's Police Medal. I could not have imagined in my dream that we would lose him so soon.\"CBI chief A P Singh said Palsania had assured him that he would ensure the agency met all challenges.\"Throughout last year, under very trying circumstances, I found Suresh completely unflappable and totally in control of the situation. Whether it was briefing the PAC, JPC or CVC on the intricacies of the investigation, we relied on Suresh,\" he said. Terming his death as a huge loss to the Indian Police Service, DGP Prakash Mishra said Palsania was an outstanding officer whose \"perfect upbringing\" reflected in his humane qualities.Special director V K Gupta choked with emotion while describing his association with him. \"When I joined CBI in 2010 and sat down with him to review the 2G case, he took with seriousness the responsibility and led the team in the probe,\" he said.His batch-mate and fellow DIG, Sanjay Kumar Singh termed him as a fearless, strong-willed and brave officer who never cared for personal comfort while on duty but always showed caring attitude towards his subordinates and colleagues. SP Vivek Priyadarshi, who was the investigating officer in the 2G case, said when Palsania joined the Anti-Corruption Branch, there were reports that CBI had changed its officer under pressure. But, his professionalism proved otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17367102", "title": "Online admission for aided ITI colleges in Karnataka too", "text": "HUBLI: Now, ITI aspirants can select their preferred aided colleges anywhere in Karnataka, thanks to the online admission system extended to these colleges by the employment and training department.According to the recent government order, the online admissions process will start for aided ITI colleges in August 2013. Government ITI colleges started the online process in August 2012. Earlier, the students' choice was limited to the district. This apart, the previous module led to irregularities and corruption during admission. But the introduction of online system will bring transparency in the admission process, say officials.Halappa Shetty, deputy director, employment and training department, said that candidates applying online should enter their marks details secured in SSLC or PUC in the websites designed for the admission process. \"The applicants will be given a unique identity number as acknowledgement and they can follow the admission system online,\" he said.The applicants should go to a nearby government ITI college for verification of their documents. Following this, the college principal will issue an authentication certificate. \"Based on the marks, applicants can mention the choice of stream and college. Seats will be allotted to the candidates according to merit and reservation,\" Shetty added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366581", "title": "School bus service to be affected today", "text": "BHOPAL: School and college students in the state capital would be inconvenienced as the administration has requisitioned buses to ferry the people returning after the 'dua' on Monday that marks the culmination of the three-day Ijtema. The administration has requisitioned the school and college buses forcing the educational institutions to request the parents and guardians to make alternate arrangements to drop and pick up their wards from school, colleges.All educational institutions would remain open on Monday. Rajendra Sharma, secretary of the School and College Bus Owners Association said, \"About 350 school and college buses have been pressed into service for Ijtema. Certain routes would be affected.\"\"Each bus carries about 50 students hence a large number of students would be affected. \"The fuel charges would also be borne by the respective institutions too and not the administration,\" he said. Some schools have made alternate arrangements for transporting the students keeping in mind the Ijtema.Principal Delhi Public School (DPS) Ajay Sharma said, \"Out of the total buses, 10 would be given for the Ijtema on Monday. Six buses would be covered by introducing additional routes or rotation in the buses. But around 150 students of three buses would have to fend for themselves as buses wouldn't be there. Their parents have been communicated accordingly.\"Others are depending on the school bus owners to inform the parents.Principal of St Joseph's Co-ed, Arera Colony Fr Johnney P J said, \"Since our school owns no buses, the private bus operators would inform the parents about whether the buses would be coming for school duty or not.\"\"According to my knowledge, six out of 10 buses would be there for school duty. Rest would be given for the Ijtema,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17371348", "title": "Mahhi and Jay Bhanushali in Nach Baliye", "text": "Popular TV couple, Mahhi Vij and Jay Bhanushali, have been roped in to participate in the upcoming season of celebrity dance reality show, Nach Baliye.The show, which is still in the process of finalising the participants and the judges, has a few jodis confirmed.Apart from Jay and Mahhi, Rahul Mahajan and wife Dimpy have already started rehearsing for the show.Informs a source, \"Mahesh Manjrekar and wife and Suhasi Dhami and her husband have been approached to participate. Karan Mehra of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai fame too is expected to sign on the dotted line soon. He will be seen with his wife Nisha Rawal in the show.\"Both Mahhi and Jay remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366848", "title": "Retired CAG officers ready for debate with UPA ministers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to UPA ministers' demand for a debate on the R P Singh controversy, retired officers of the federal auditor have expressed their keenness to join the discussion.Expressing solidarity for CAG Vinod Rai, at least four former deputy CAGs in a joint statement issued on Sunday said the office of the CAG was too high and dignified a constitutional authority to engage in any unseemly public debate.\"If the UPA ministers who have been outdone on television debates are still desiring a public debate, we - the retired senior officers of CAG -- are willing for such a discussion on any platform of their choice. After all, their star performer is also a retired Indian Audit &amp; Accounts Service officer,\" said B S Gill, former deputy CAG, in a statement on behalf of retired officials.The statement comes in response to a call by I&B; minister Manish Tewari who sought an open debate on the 2G spectrum report with Rai.\"It is for good reasons that the founding fathers of our Constitution have compared his (CAG) position to that of a Supreme Court judge. Even when ministers preferring to ignore constitutional decorum make such unreasonable statements, we would never advise the CAG to be a party to such an extraordinary impropriety,\" Gill said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17366563", "title": "'Magic bullet' for virginity sold as organizers slept", "text": "BHOPAL: The organizers of the state government-supported International Herbal Fair-2012 have been caught unawares for the second time this week. A self-proclaimed Unani-ayurveda practitioner was found selling a preparation for restoration of virginity for four straight days till Sunday.When TOI brought to the notice of authorities the funny business, they said Hakim Ali was forced to stop selling his 'magic' drugs from Sunday evening. However, they preferred to keep mum when asked if he would be charged with the violation of the drugs and magic remedies (objectionable advertisements) Act.The district health officials tried to wash their hands of the affair saying that it was beyond their power to take action. They are now busy passing the buck on food and drugs administration (FDA) and AYUSH department to keep a watch on such medics' shenanigans.And in their damage-control bid, the organisers held a meeting with some traditional medics who were found to be making false claims.\"We will only entertain the traditional practitioners up to a level of gyan (knowledge). This fair is to promote traditional medicines,\" said Giridhar Kinhal, additional MD, MP minor forest produce (trade and development) co-operative federation. \"However, we cannot control or monitor what happens in 350 stalls,\" he added.Indore-based Hakim Ali, who has been selling his packet for Rs 400 to restore virginity, stuck to his claim. \"My medicine restores virginity and gives a near-perfect physical stimulation,\" he claimed.Unfazed by the criticism, Ali claimed organisers were well aware of his magic cures and was being offered 33% discount on stall rentals for drawing large crowds. \"My cure has worked on thousands. I do not need a certification. If I was not famous, why else would they call me,\" he added.AYUSH, health deptt at varianceTwo days after a medicine for obstructive labour was reportedly being sold at the fair, a team of FDA inspectors from AYUSH who inspected the fair on Sunday said they did not find any violation.\"Selling of such medicine was in violation of the pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) Act was highlighted,\" said district chief medical officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.\"The responsibility is not mine. District health authorities requested me to send FDA personnel,\" said AYUSH joint director Dr B M Bilkare refusing to accept the claim about the delay.He said, \"If someone is selling medicines for restoring virginity we cannot stop him.\"Passing the buck on AYUSH department, Dr Shukla said, \"We can only ask AYUSH to send their FDA team for inspection. The matter does not come under my jurisdiction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17369504", "title": "Gautham Menon's YVM to release on Dec 14", "text": "After contemplating couple of dates for release, Gautham Menon has locked December 14, 2012 for the release of his romantic entertainer Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu. The film is wrapping up all the post production works and the director is planning to release the movie on a grand scale. The music of the film, composed by maestro Ilayaraja, received great response and couple of numbers have also topped the chartbusters.Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu (Neethaane En Ponvasantham in Tamil) has Nani and Samantha playing the lead role while Jiiva will be seen in the Tamil version. M. S. Prabhu is the Cinematographer and Editing is handled by Anthony. The teasers have already generated good buzz and the film buffs are eagerly waiting to see the romantic journey of on screen.Gautham Menon said that he has seen a lot of maturity in Samantha since Ye Maya Chesave and added that Nani is a promising talent. Nani says Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu will be remembered as one of the best films of the decade and it's a privilege to under Gautham, who inspired him to become an assistant director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17367046", "title": "10K students in talent search test", "text": "RANCHI: The first phase of National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) was organized in the state on Sunday by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC).As many as 10,638 students of state took the examination.JAC secretary Satish Kumar Rai said 37 centres were made in the state for the examination. \"The examination is held in three phases, the first phase is conducted by the state and the selected candidate will have to participate in the second and then final examination which will be organized by the NTSE at national level,\" he said.As many as 1,000 students will be selected from all over the country that will be given scholarship to complete their studies from the government.One of the examinees, Shweta Singh, a student of Class VII said, \"The paper was tough no doubt , but I did well. I hope that I will be selected.\"The National Merit Scholarship examination, which is organised by state government, was also held on Sunday.District Education Officer and nodal officer of the examination Mahip Singh said, \"As many as 2,804 students participated in the examination. Total 24 centres were made in the state for the same, in which students of class eight of various schools participated. The examination was conducted peacefully.\"As many as 1,959 students of Class VIII will be selected in the examination and they will be given a scholarship of Rs 6,000 per year from Class IX to Class XII. An amount of Rs 1,500 will be deposited in the account of selected students every three months.Aditya Akhauri, an examinee, said, \"The paper was tough, especial the general knowledge. The competition is tough but I really hope I get this scholarship as we are snot a very well off family and Rs 6,000 a year will mean a lot to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17366073", "title": "Syed Ibrahim set to be first Muslim chief of IB", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syed Asif Ibrahim, a 1977 batch IPS officer of the Madhya Pradesh cadre, is set to take over as the new director of Intelligence Bureau . Ibrahim, who will succeed incumbent Nehchal Sandhu who is due to retire in December end, will be the first Muslim officer to head the country's premier intelligence agency.External intelligence agency RAW will also see a change at the helm, with Alok Joshi, a 1976 batch officer of the Haryana cadre, being chosen to succeed Sanjeev Tripathi as the new head.The two appointments, which have been cleared by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC), will be notified soon as part of the usual practice of having the new heads of IB and RAW in place a month before the incumbents retire. This is to ensure a smooth transition in the intelligence leadership, sources told TOI.Ibrahim will supersede at least four IB officers who ranked ahead of him in terms of seniority. While R N Gupta, V Rajagopal and Yashovardhan Azad belong to the 1976 batch, S Jayaraman, though from the 1977 batch, is also senior to Ibrahim. All four are likely to be accommodated in key posts outside the IB, considering the sensitivities involved.Both Joshi and Ibrahim will have a fixed tenure of two years until December 31, 2014. They will be part of the changeover regime that will serve for some months, in case the general election is held as per schedule in April-May 2014.Ibrahim is currently serving as a special director in the IB and looks after cyber operations and security. His earlier stints included as private secretary to late Madhavrao Scindia when he was railway minister and civil aviation minister and as OSD to home minister Mufti Mohammed Sayeed in the V P Singh government.While Gupta and Rajagopal are expected to be accommodated in the cabinet secretariat and National Security Council Secretariat (NSCS), Azad may be moved out as secretary (security) in the PMO.Meanwhile, another set of appointments in central paramilitary forces is expected soon. The home ministry has recommended a three-month extension for BSF chief U K Bansal, besides suggesting Arun Choudhary, currently special DG in the CISF, as Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) chief. With the post of ITBP chief also falling vacant following the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as CBI chief, a successor is expected to be decided in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17366397", "title": "CBSE focuses on energy smart schools", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to conserve energy, the state government has joined hands with CBSE schools. Students in CBSE schools will be given lessons in energy conservation and preventing wastage at schools and home. This is part of the 'Energy Smart Schools' project launched by Kerala CBSE School Management Association along with the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) and Energy Management Centre on Sunday.Through the project, the government hopes to reach at least 15-lakh homes in the state. To give a boost to the project, power minister Aryadan Mohammed has announced Rs 1 lakh cash prize for the CBSE school that conserves maximum energy. A cash prize of Rs 25,000 will be awarded at the district level and Rs 500 at the school level. \"Our requirement is 3,400MW but we are able to generate only 1,700MW in the state and have to spend a fortune to import power. Therefore, we have to now focus on power conservation more than power generation,\" said Mohammed.\"We have 15-lakh students and each student will be acquainted with ways in which they can save energy. They will be encouraged to follow the energy conservation methods at home and in the neighbourhood. Schools will monitor electricity bills produced by students to see if there is any reduction in units used at home,\" said Kerala CBSE School Management Association general secretary Indira Rajan.Speaking on the occasion, former president APJ Abdul Kalam , who was the chief guest at the function, said the country's energy future depended on how households harnessed solar power using solar panels. \"India has approximately 200 million houses. Around 60 million houses don't have access to electricity. There needs to be a national policy to generate grid independent solar power for these dwellings,\" he said The facility can be gradually extended to another 140 million houses.Kalam said that building energy efficiency by actually saving it was the most economically feasible and convenient way to generate energy. \"Propagating the message of saving energy, embracing alternative energy resources and teaching people to adopt non-conventional energy sources through school students will have a wider impact on the society,\" Kalam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17370927", "title": "Kamal is the reason I dub myself: Trisha", "text": "Actress Trisha will be dubbing in her own voice for her upcoming movie Samar in which she will be sharing the screen opposite Vishal. After Aayitha Ezhuthu, Manmadhan Ambu and Mankatha, this is the next film for which she will be speaking her own lines.Trisha tweeted \"Kamal Sir is d reason I am motivated 2 dub fr all my films..He trained n correctd me evry single day wil i dubbed fr Manmadan. A 1000 thanks!\"Though Trisha is a Tamilian by birth and has a reasonably good voice and nice pronunciation, for reasons best known to her, she hadn't dubbed in her voice in most of her films. ' Samar ' shooting is nearing completion and the producers are looking for a release in early 2013.Trisha is currently part of some of the much awaited films in Tamil, including Vishal's ' Samar ', 'Jayam' Ravi's ' Boologam ' and Jiiva's ' Endrendrum Punnagai '.Image courtesy: Trisha Krishnan's twitter pag e", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17370845", "title": "Now, a smart desk to help you improve in math", "text": "LONDON: An interactive smart desk project, involving over 400 pupils, shows that collaborative learning increases both fluency and flexibility in mathematics.An interactive 'smart' desk can enable one to tackle math better than doing it on paper, according to Durham University researchers who have designed and tested the concept.Using multi-touch desks in the new classroom, under a three-year project, the children were able to work together in new ways to solve and answer questions and problems using inventive solutions, the journal \"Learning and Instruction\" reports.Researchers found that 45 percent of students, aged between eight and 10 years, increased the number of unique mathematical expressions after using NumberNet, compared to 16 percent in the traditional paper-based activity, according to a Durham statement.Liz Burd, professor at the Durham School of Education, Durham University, who led the study, said: \"Our aim was to encourage far higher levels of active student engagement, where knowledge is obtained by sharing, problem-solving and creating, rather than by passive listening.\"We found our tables encouraged students to collaborate more effectively. We were delighted to observe groups of students enhancing others' understanding of mathematical concepts. Such collaboration just did not happen when students used paper-based approaches.\"Researcher Emma Mercier Durham, said: \"Cooperative learning works very well in the new classroom because the pupils interact and learn in a different way. The children really enjoy doing maths in this way and are always disappointed when you turn the desks off!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17365939", "title": "Panel to probe GHMC approved building plans in SCB limits", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) has decided to constitute a three-member committee to verify building plans of structures which came up in the Cantonment border and 'sanctioned' by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).The issue came to light when elected members brought the issue of illegal constructions in the Cantonment jurisdiction to the notice of president cantonment board (PCB) Brig Sunil S Bodhe at the recent Board meeting here a few days ago. The members also demanded demolition of illegal buildings. Responding to the demand, the PCB has decided to constitute a three-member committee led by the vice-president to probe the issue.According to Cantonment Board engineering officials, in a few border areas like Bolarum, Lothkunta, which border GHMC, Alwal circle, Begumpet airport and Bowenpally, bordering GHMC, Kukatpally circle, and R K Puram, bordering Kapra circle, and Marredpally and Addagutta near Secunderabad circle, property owners had taken permission from GHMC though their properties were located in the SCB jurisdiction.\"We found some buildings in RTC colony, a border area of GHMC Alwal circle in Gunrock, were illegal. We verified the records and found that the locality comes under Cantonment limits, but property owners took building permission from GHMC,\" sources told TOI.When contacted, GHMC, Alwal circle, deputy commissioner, YVS Prasada Rao said: \"We do not give any building permission to properties located in the Cantonment area. If a property is near the border of GHMC circle, we will ask the owner to get no objection certificate (NOC) from the Cantonment.\"SCB chief executive officer S Balakrishna said: \"We will soon fix pillars demarcating the SCB border areas to prevent such illegal constructions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17369810", "title": "SC requests Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to resolve Cauvery dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday requested chief ministers of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to meet and find an amicable solution to vexed Cauvery water sharing dispute.The apex court said it is better that the two CMs meet along with their experts, hold meaningful dialogue and attempt a solution in the larger interest of farmers of both states.The SC bench also said orders by apex court or Cauvery River Authority may not be able to find a lasting solution to the problem. So, it is better that both states sit together and solve the issue, observed the SC bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17367049", "title": "Athlete Kallavva dies after prolonged illness", "text": "DHARWAD: National athlete Kallavva Sindogi of Dharwad died on Sunday at her residence in Uppinabetageri. She was ailing for the past several months and had undergone surgery.A long distance runner representing JSS College, 22 year-old Kallavva had bagged gold medal in the 5,000 metre run for women at Karnatak University inter-collegiate athletic meet and All India inter-university athletic meet in 2011.Several organizations and sports lovers had rushed to her help after they learnt that the ace athlete was unwell and needed financial help for medical treatment. After surgery she was improving but her health deteriorated suddenly resulting in her end on Sunday, the family sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17372339", "title": "Balayya, Mokshagna to attend IFFI closing ceremony", "text": "Nandamuri Balakrishna and his son Mokshagna will be attending the closing ceremony of 43rd IFFI (International Film Festival of India) in Goa. Sources say that Balayya has been invited to be the chief guest for the concluding ceremony and the actor has obliged it.Apparently, Balayya might take this opportunity to introduce his son to the media since Mokshagna is soon to make his film debut. Remember, Balakrishna's Sri Rama Rajyam had a special screening at IFFI last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17366834", "title": "Two bodies recovered E-way accident", "text": "PUNE: The Khopoli police on Sunday recovered bodies of a truck driver and a cleaner from a 150 feet deep valley near Adoshi tunnel in Khandala ghat.The police have identified the driver as Hanumantappa Dhadas (21) and the cleaner as Santosh Godishetty (22).On Saturday evening the truck carrying bags of sugar fell into the valley after hitting a bus on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The police could not recover the bodies from the valley as it was dark. On Sunday morning, the police took out the bodies with the help of trekkers from Lonavla.The accident had also caused a traffic jam on Pune-Mumbai expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17371235", "title": "Infighting making IOA a laughing stock: Tytler", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Olympic Association vice-President Jagdish Tytler on Monday lambasted the infighting that has marred the build-up to the December 5 IOA elections, saying that constant bickering has made the body a laughing stock for the entire country.\"...today the whole election process is sadly in a mess which is created by us only. The persons who have been the driving force behind sports of the country have suddenly started accusing each other,\" Tytler said in a statement.\"As a result whole country is laughing at us because nobody can figure out who is fighting against whom and for what purpose? Introspection needs to be done,\" he added.Tytler, who has decided against competing in the elections, said the polls cannot be conducted under government guidelines, which put a cap on the age and tenure of office-bearers.\"Some of us in the IOA, who were well versed with the Olympic Charter and IOA's constitution, knew from the very beginning that this election cannot be fought on Government's guidelines, even then no effort was made by responsible persons to put the things in order,\" he said.\"It gives immense pain to me that knowledgeable people who are well versed with the IOA Constitution and Olympic Charter suddenly becoming either victim of or part of unconstitutional rumours putting our relationship with IOC in question and in shame.\"When we should have enthusiastically prepared ourselves for the next elected body, we have started questioning what is right and what is wrong just at the deciding moment. There has been so much disgruntled apathy against each other that it looks like we have forgotten the people who have made us what we are today in the sports organisation,\" Tytler added.The rival factions of Randhir Singh and Abhay Singh Chautala were engaged in a bitter war of words before the former decided to pull out from the race for the President's post.\"Blaming each other is not the solution. I know nobody wants that our country gets barred by IOC. And everybody knows that if election is held against the IOC Charter then India will be barred,\" he said.Tytler added the infighting could also invite the wrath of International Olympic Committee , which has already issued a suspension threat.\"If we continue with what we are doing presently this might compel the IOC to take the ultimate decision which will make our country a laughing stock, IOA members will be treated like a bunch of selfish people. Above all, please give a few minutes to visualise the condition of players if we get barred,\" he reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17367445", "title": "Unidentified boat washed ashore Nagapattinam coast", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: An unmanned mechanised fibre boat was washed ashore in Keechankuppam in Nagapattinam district in the early hours on Sunday. The coastal security group police suspect that Sri Lankan Tamils might have left the boat in the sea while attempting to enter Australia illegally, via sea.The boat washed ashore in Keechankuppam at 5.30am on Sunday. The people found that there was no human being on the boat. On information, personnel from the coastal security group, Nagapattinam, rushed to the spot and inspected the boat. They found some food items and oil on the boat. Meanwhile, the police found that the registration number of the boat was erased and hence could not trace the address.P Velu, inspector of police, coastal security group in Nagapattinam, told TOI, \"It was not a boat that was under suspicion. Since there was no contact number or registration on the boat, the owner was not found out. But we assume that Sri Lankan Tamils might have left the boat while attempting to illegally enter Australia through sea.\"Velu ruled out the possibilities of infiltration of terrorists into India by this boat because the coastal area was under complete vigil of commandos. This fear has assumed significance given the recent case of Pakistani national Ajmal Kasab who entered Mumbai through a non-descript boat, unleashing terror on Indian soil. The boat has been anchored in Nachikuppam and coastal security guards have been posted. The police have registered a case under section 102 of CrPc. It may be recalled that 61 Sri Lankan Tamils and four Sinhalese who were stranded mid-sea were rescued by Indian fishermen in Nagapattinam on September 14, 2012. Investigations revealed that they attempted to enter Australia but got stranded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17371547", "title": "We won't get carried away by victory: Alastair Cook and Kevin Pietersen", "text": "MUMBAI: Heroes of England's thumping 10-wicket triumph against India in the second Test, skipper Alastair Cook and aggressive batsman Kevin Pietersen on Monday said the team will have to guard against complacency in the remaining two matches.\"Any win in India is a huge win. I played 18 one day games and won one game. I have won more Test matches than one day games in India. Any Test victory or any victory in India is huge,\" said Pietersen whose record 206-run partnership with Cook (122) provided the platform for the massive win.\"But we are not going to get ahead of us, that is for sure. Last week we got hammered and this week we turned it around,\" he added.Cook also said the team would not get carried away. \"We have set the series out really well. We have got two games to go now and it is level. It is a really good performance. Like Kev said, we are not getting too carried away. We are going to enjoy tonight,\" he said.\"Enjoy the victory and we need to, we have got a lot of back to back test matches in India, so we need to rest up well. And make sure when we get to Kolkata, we train with same purpose and intense to win game there,\" he added.Cook, who notched up his second century in the series on the trot and is level on 22 career hundreds with Pietersen and three other former greats, lavished praise on his partner.\"There are not many people in the world who could do what Kev did yesterday. It was the difference between the two teams. Those runs he scored, and quickly as well, took the game away from India,\" said Cook.He also hailed the bowling performance of left-arm spinner Monty Panesar , who got 11 wickets in the match, and Graeme Swann , who picked up eight, saying the duo ensured that his team did not have to chase too many runs for victory on the deteriorating Wankhede Stadium track.\"The way Monty and Swanny bowled, especially in that second innings, we didn't want to chase too many. They were under pressure to perform, and they did that. It was fantastic.\"It has been an incredible turnaround from the lads. The character we showed from last week's heavy defeat (in the series opener at Ahmedabad),\" Cook said.\"We didn't let our heads drop down. We went back and had game here. Worked as hard as we did in the nets, and that belief and form which I said we needed to do into the game,\" added the player whose birthday falls on Christmas Day.Endorsing his captain's view, Pietersen said the important thing was his team's batsmen could transfer the way they batted in the nets into the actual game.\"As Cookie said we practised hard. But the important thing is not scoring the runs in the net but scoring the runs in the middle. Quite a few of our guys were able to do that. I thought that our spinners were exceptional in this match.\"Chef (Cook) hasn't spoken about himself yet but he is 27. Has got 22 Test hundreds, there is no reason why he shouldn't get 35-40 Test hundreds in his incredible test career. It's special to be part of this team. The dressing room is certainly united. It's fun. We are having a great time in this tour,\" Pietersen declared.Cook felt his team's spin twins had read the wicket very well.\"I think it is the job of the spinner to work out the wicket. I thought Monty and Swanny did that. It was fantastic. The way they bowled and yesterday afternoon was fantastic. It is always hard when you have got to perform.\"\"You are the guys who have to take the wickets. They stood out and fronted up to take that challenge and took the wickets. Full credit to them,\" Cook said.The England skipper said he was confident his side will take the confidence earned here into the Kolkata Test commencing on December 5.\"It's been a brilliant full three days. We can take a lot of confidence from these three days. When we get to Kolkata, whatever the conditions, the side should adapt well to those conditions,\" he said.\"When they get their noses ahead, they are going to keep their noses ahead. That is what India did in Ahmedabad, and that is what we did.\"Cook said his team had done very well in the Indian first innings too but for the century stand between Cheteshwar Pujara, who made 135, and R Ashwin (68) that pulled India out of the rut from 169 for 6.\"The first day, they were seven down (six down), I think. It was a really good day. We fought really hard and Ashwin and Pujara, if they hadn't put the partnership, it would have been a far better day for us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17371284", "title": "American jailed for striking wife with genitals", "text": "WASHINGTON: An American has been jailed for five days after a court found him guilty of striking his estranged wife with his penis when she refused to have sex with him.The 62-year-old man offered her money for sex and, when she refused, he took out his penis and struck her with it, the Daily Mail reported. Fred Thomas , from Cushing, Maine, pleaded guilty to the assault.He will also be on probation for a year for domestic violence and indecent conduct. The incident took place in July when his wife of 39 years, who was estranged from him, stayed at his home.The defence lawyer said the estranged wife planned to go to Pakistan to meet a man she met online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17365796", "title": "Special educators draw the best out of kids", "text": "Toppers, slow learners, average performers and troublemakers -- it takes all kinds to make a class. Recognizing a child for what she is and getting the best out of her calls for skill and tact. It's the hallmark of a good teacher.Students with learning difficulties never have it easy, but special attention and the right guidance from a teacher makes all the difference. Having realized it needs teachers with special abilities to deal with such children, the principal of New Horizon Public School Radhika Lobo set up the special learning centre. It has three special educators trained to deal with difficulties.The centre helps students who have problems keeping up with the rest of the class in studies. They may have problems with comprehension, writing, sequencing or short-term memory. When a teacher comes across such a child, she is referred to the special educators who first do an informal assessment of the child. They interact with parents for a better understanding and thereafter, the children are given help in specific areas.\"All our teachers attend workshops regularly to be able to spot children who need help. That's how we avoid labelling students lazy or incompetent,\" says Lobo. Children come to the centre during zero hour - assembly or library period -- so they don't miss regular classes.Says Sarah Mathew, head of the centre, \"The students enjoy their time here because they get the one-on-one attention they need.\" Each educator doesn't have more than three children at a time.They follow a structured programme to help the children, using a wide variety of tools, teaching aids, special books and computers. These are useful when children have sound association and auditory problems. They look for the child's strengths and utilize them to help the child improve. They end each class with fun activities like memory games and sequencing.Says special educator Dr Mythili, \"The students look forward to their time with us. They not only have fun, but also gain a lot of confidence.\"But there are difficulties too. Every now and then, the students are weaned away from the centre to observe their progress. \"Sometimes, it can be very disheartening when you see that after the break, they've forgotten all that they've learnt. You have to start all over again,\" says Sarah.Points out another educator Sheela D'Souza, \"When parents and teachers support the cause, and there is good teamwork, there's faster progress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17367348", "title": "Minor's rape: Sonipat Police explore vendetta angle", "text": "SONIPAT: Four men have been booked for allegedly raping a minor girl at Gannaur town. The four accused, two of them identified as Teku, a local resident and Anil of Matan village allegedly raped the 12-year-old dalit girl at a secluded spot on Friday night.Sonipat DSP Balbir Singh said medical examination of the girl indicated that the possibility of rape could not be ruled out. Police officials said they are also investigating a possible link of the Ghannaur case with a rape in Matan village of Jhajjar about a month ago.\"A maternal uncle of the rape victim from Gannaur had raped the sister of one of the accused. The accused in the Matan rape case is also absconding,\" police sources said. While this could be a case of vendetta, police also suspect that the family of the girl from Ghannaur may have filed a false complaint against the accused to pressurize the family from Matan village into withdrawing rape charges. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17367346", "title": "Reliance merger: Plea wants order set aside", "text": "MADURAI: A city-based advocate A Kesavan has filed a writ appeal seeking to set aside the order of the single judge of the Madurai bench of the Madras high court dated October 19, 2010 dismissing the writ petition sought for probe into the merger of Reliance Natural Resources Limited (RNRL) and Reliance Power (R-Power).The appellant had filed the writ appeal before the Madurai bench against the secretary of ministry of corporate affairs, chairman of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the chairman of Reliance Power Ltd and Reliance Natural Resources Ltd and others.In his writ appeal which came up for hearing on Friday, the petitioner contended that RNRL and R-Power were two different companies. They were merged as Reliance Power Ltd and Reliance Natural Resources Limited.Due to the merger, the chairman of Reliance Power Ltd and Reliance Natural Resources Ltd unlawfully enriched himself to the tune of Rs 2,105.87 crore by fixing the share swap ratio as 4:1. Actually it was to be 2.7: 1. Hence, this is one of the biggest financial scams. The petitioner asked the court to give a direction to investigate into the allegations against the opposite parties. But, the petition was dismissed citing cause of action, jurisdiction, the appellant stated.In his grounds of appeal, the appellant pointed out that the single judge has misconstrued as if the merger process was questioned; he failed to see that the part of cause of action arose within the jurisdiction of the high court.The appellant said that the act done by the new company is a corporative fraud, which is nothing but financial terrorism that should be dealt with very strictly. Hence, the single judge order should be set aside. The matter has been adjourned to November 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17366897", "title": "Ex-ministers switch seatsin Lok Sabha, assembly", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a season of seat-hopping in the Houses of power - both in Delhi as well as in the state. If Trinamool Congress MPs are busy moving out of the treasury benches in Lok Sabha, back home, former Congress ministers have already received a confirmation from Speaker Biman Banerjee that they will get their places in the opposition benches in the ensuing winter session that begins on December 7.On Sunday, Trinamool's Lok Sabha leader Sudip Bandopadhyay said that parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath had assured him that the new seating arrangements would be in place by Monday.The 19-member group, which was a part of the Congress-led UPA till recently, has already told the Lok Sabha Secretariat that its seating arrangement needed to be changed as it was no longer in the ruling alliance. \"We have been promised a block alongside Samajwadi Party , the BSP and other parties. It may not be with the opposition, but it's not a part of the treasury benches,\" MP Sultan Ahmed said. Ironically, if Trinamool MPs sit in the opposition, they will have to share seats with the Left members, their archrivals in the state.The situation was ditto for six former Congress ministers in the state. They had resigned from the cabinet a day after the Trinamool withdrew its support from the UPA II government. They'd appealed to the Speaker to recognize them as the principal opposition party in Bengal - since their 42 MLAs exceed that of CPM's 39 (but less than the Left Front's 61) - and that their ministers, who till then sat in the treasury benches, be allocated seats elsewhere. The principal opposition party debate lost steam after Abhijit Mukherjee resigned from the Nalhati assembly seat and former Congress MLAs Krishnendu Chowdhury and Humayun Kabir shifted to Trinamool.The seating arrangements taken care of, Trinamool Congress was yet to decide its strategy on the proposed debate and voting on Rule 184 and also the Lokpal Bill. \"Let us first understand under which rule the motion is proposed. And on Lokpal, though the select committee's recommendations fulfill our core demands, it needs to be seen whether these form a part of the Bill which is subsequently introduced,\" Ahmed told ToI from New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17370698", "title": "Big B: Fans on Facebook, Twitter are 'extended family'", "text": "MUMBAI: Wherever he goes - be it his blog or Twitter or Facebook - fans follow him everywhere in great numbers and megastar Amitabh Bachchan thanks them for their love and respect.\"My extended family, my extended family grows here too on this busy platform. On blog it is my extended family, on Twitter it is Twitter Familia Extendum and now on Facebook it shall have to be Facebook Extended Family. Thank you for being a part of me,\" Amitabh posted on Facebook, which has got 3.3 million likes, Sunday.An inveterate blogger, the 70-year-old started blogging in 2008 and has been regular since.\"The joy of connecting with my friends and well wishers even at the late hour of 3 a.m. is worth.... Once you start you never want to stop.\"\"The conversation, the comments, the appreciation and the criticism is an essential part of the cyber world. It makes one stronger and longer in its stay. It was a late day at KBC - two episodes to record,\" he posted.Amitabh joined social networking site Facebook August this year and within just an hour of the activation, the page received 784,417 likes.On Twitter, currently he has 39,41,270 followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17370159", "title": "Ensure students are allowed to board buses: Punjab govt to drivers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking serious note of charges made by the students that public buses aren't stopped for them, Punjab Transport minister Ajit Singh Kohar on Sunday directed all drivers to ensure that students are allowed to board the buses.In a statement here, the minister said the government was not only committed to provide quality education but also to ensure timely and safe transportation of students to their respective educational institutions.Kohar said all drivers have been directed to stop long-route buses for students on the main stoppages but only if there were seats available in the buses.Criticising the recent trend of students pelting stones at buses, the minister appealed to them to adopt a peaceful and rational way of putting forward their demands rather than destroying the public transport.He appealed to them to avoid forcibly stopping buses as it caused inconvenience to passengers and asked them to follow the set of rules laid down by the government's transport authorities.Students should not misuse the bus pass facility extended to them by the government and should be travelling in buses meant for them along with their valid bus passes, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17365832", "title": "Kerala filmmaker bags award at Film Bazaar", "text": "PANAJI: Vipin Vijay, a filmmaker from Kerala, won the 'Incredible India Development' award for his film project 'Chavunilum,' A Voice From Elsewhere, at the Film Bazaar organized by National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) as part of the ongoing international film festival of India (Iffi).He was awarded a cash prize of 10 lakh to complete the film at the concluding session of the Bazaar held on Friday.Vipin told TOI here that the shooting would begin in August and that it would be released next year itself.The film is about the lives of three generations of Latin-Christian family over the 100-year period from 1870 to 1970. 'Chavunilum' is the second feature film by Vipin.Indranil Roychowdhury won the Prasad Award for his film 'Phoring' as part of the Work in Progress Lab, section of the Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17365673", "title": "Garment industry wage smust ensure life of dignity", "text": "BANGALORE: A tribunal on Sunday called for effective implementation of living wages in garment industry.Delivering its verdict after a two-day hearing, the National People's Tribunal for Living Wages and Decent Working Conditions for Garment Workers said living wage was a human right. The components essential for calculating it must not only include adequate food to the worker and her or his family, but also all the elements required to live a life of dignity, namely, housing, medical care and education for children, rest and leisure time, including social and cultural opportunities, it said.Over 250 garment workers from Gurgaon, Tirupur and Bangalore had given evidence during the hearing.The tribunal called for regular monitoring of the living wage, taking into account the rapid changes in the cost of living and market fluctuations, said a press release from the tribunal.Emphasizing Article 43 of the Constitution on the right to living wage and Article 21 on the right to life, the tribunal called for the integration of the concept of living wage with human and constitutional rights of workers through procedures including qualified representation of workers' organizations.The tribunal also referred to the phenomenon of 'wage theft' prevalent in the industry in the form of non-payment for overtime wages, illegal deduction, late payment, lesser wages to women than men, wages not based on skills and recommendations.The hearing underlined that textile brands too should accept their responsibility in the violation of the basic rights of workers, the myth of surprise inspections by their representatives, the need for skill training to stabilize the workforce, and their own role in the setting of impossibly high production targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17367479", "title": "Union govt cancels coal block allocated to Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: In a major setback to the ambitious plan of the Himachal Pradesh government to draw power through a thermal plant outside the state, the Union coal ministry has cancelled allocation of a coal block to the state. The state government, which wanted to create an additional source of power for winter months when electricity generation from hydro-power generation dips, will lodge a protest after ascertaining the details.Sources said the Union coal ministry, in its letter dated November 23, intimated Himachal EMTA Power Corporation Limited and JSW Steel Limited about cancellation of the coal block. In June 2010, the Himachal Pradesh government decided to get a joint venture company to set up a thermal power plant in West Bengal to meet escalated power demand in the winter. The state government authorized Himachal EMTA Power Limited (HEPL) to set up a coal pithead at Raniganj in West Bengal.Himachal Pradesh chief secretary Sudripta Roy said they are aware of the decision but a detailed order is yet to come. \"On Monday we will ask for the detailed order to examine the reasons given by the ministry. We will protest,\" he said.The chief secretary said thermal power would have helped the state overcome power deficit in the winter when hydro power generation goes down. \"Now the union government is taking the plea that Himachal Pradesh has decided not to have thermal power plants so why would they need the coal block,\" he said, adding that they would check if this was the basis for the cancellation of the coal block.In the summer, Himachal Pradesh supplies power to other states under the banking system and draws the same in winter when power generation in the state dips. With the onset of winter, power crisis has already hit the state. The situation will worsen with snowfall in the upper reaches. Officials said they would deal with the situation by using banked power in Haryana from next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-26"}
