{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17395971", "title": "Delayed passport kills ragpicker's Brazil dream", "text": "BANGALORE: If things had gone according to the script, ragpicker Mohammed Khan, 47, would have been in Brazil on Wednesday to participate in an international conference on waste management.But red-tapism and inefficient babus servants ensured that Khan can't pick up some finer aspects his trade there because he couldn't get his passport in time.Khan, a resident of Tippu Nagar in Benhalli near Kogilu Cross, off Bellary Road and 30 km from the city centre, applied for a Tatkal passport on November 2. He should have got it by mid-November but there's no sign of it yet despite three IAS officers giving their reference letters to endorse Khan's application.The only ragpicker from South India chosen for the conference, Khan said: \"When I was chosen, my family and friends were thrilled. I never imagined I'd get to fly. Khuda ka marzi (God's will), I thought. But because I couldn't get a passport, I couldn't travel abroad.\"Khan applied for a voter's ID card in 2009. \"Though I wrote 1965 was my year of birth, clerks erroneously entered it as 1966 in my card. I gave an application for rectification. But the corrected card never came,\" he narrated.That mistake was perpetuated in his Aadhaar card. When Khan went to apply for a passport, he was asked to get his transfer certificate from the school where his year of birth was mentioned as 1965. The mismatch was enough for authorities to raise queries.Another hurdle came up in the handwritten date and reference number in the verification letter given by Salma K Fahim, IAS, additional commissioner, BBMP.\"The letter had its reference number and date mentioned in handwriting and was rejected by passport officials. The letter was reissued as per the directions of the passport authorities. But when the authorities sent a fax to BBMP to verify its contents, there was no response from the civic body as the fax machine in its office was not working,\" explained Nalini Shekar from the NGO Hasiru Dala which is working with pourakarmikas.\"We have been told that police verification is going on,\" said Krupa Rani, project co ordinator with Hasiru Dala, the NGO that chose him. But an acknowledgement by the regional passport office only says, \"Police verification shall be carried out post issuance of passport.\"Recycling waste on bicycle\"I am the only educated person in my family. I could not pass SSLC as I had no textbooks. After that I followed in my father's footsteps and took to ragpicking,\" Mohammed Khan said.Khan is out at 9 every morning looking for waste on the streets. \"These days public don't give away iron scrap. I earn not more than Rs 50-Rs 100 daily. It's much lesser than what I used to earn a couple of years ago. I also work at the dry waste collection centre at Allalasandra. Five wastepickers have started it by depositing Rs 500 each in a bank,\" said Khan.Khan pedals for about 40 kms every day, looking for valuable and recyclable waste by the roadside.According to Nalini Shekar of Hasiru Dala NGO, Khan was chosen for the Brazil trip because of his fluent Hindi, communicating skills and experience and knowledge on pattern of urban waste. \"We won't give up for his passport. Maybe he'll get another opportunity to fly abroad for professional reasons,\" she said.He will get passport soon: OfficialKJ Srinivas, regional passport officer, sought for details of Khan's case and spoke to officials concerned immediately.\"We had treated this as a special case and had even given him an out -of-turn appointment. But because we didn't get a confirmation from IAS officer Salma K Fahim on her reference letter, his application was considered treated as a regular one and sent for police verification. But we've contacted the officer on phone. Khan will be issued a passport at the earliest and the police verification will be done after that,\" Srinivas said.\"I was contacted by passport authorities once again on Tuesday evening and I've given my confirmation. But it's sad that Khan missed the chance to take part in an international conference,\" said Salma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396496", "title": "Magsaysay award winner opposes Banka power plant", "text": "PATNA: The local protest under the banner of over the ongoing 1,215MW thermal power project of Jas Infrastructure and Capital Private Limited (JICPL) in Baunsi block of Banka district got the support of Magsaysay Award winner Sandeep Pandey on Tuesday.He met the farmers agitating under the banner of 'Chandan dam Bachao Sangharsh Samiti' at village Menka Pahari, the proposed site in Baunsi block, and justified their demand for scrapping of the project. The farmers fear the water from the nearby Chandan dam would be utilized by the proposed power plant which would hamper irrigation in seven blocks of Banka district.An MoU was signed between the erstwhile Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) and JICPL for the power plant in October 2007. The tentative commissioning schedule for the project would be by 2014. The JICPL intends to invest around Rs 65,000 millions, said an official.\"The company staff are pressurizing the farmers to sell their land to the company, but not at the market price. Bihar will also not get its due. In fact, Bihar has agreed to purchase power up to maximum 25% from the proposed power plant under the terms of an agreement mutually agreed,\" Pandey told TOI over phone.Documents available with TOI said the JICPL would have the right to sell the remaining power outside Bihar. \"It is in violation of the rules, that any power company willing to set up its plant will have to give 50% of the total generated power to the host state,\" he said.Pandey, who is also the national coordinator of the National Alliance of People's Movement (NIPM), said he would take up this issue at national level and soon chalk out a programme to sustain the movement.\"About 250 families in the neighbouring villages have already given 785 acres for the project. They have been cheated by the middlemen regarding the actual land prices,\" a local activist, Umesh Yadav , said.According to official sources, about 200 workers and 120 engineers are currently on the job. One of the engineers says about 25% of the work is complete. \"Although it might miss the October 2014 deadline,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394148", "title": "Amboli double murder case: Trial to start on December 13", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year after the Amboli double murder of Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandez, a fast-track court is all set to commence the trial on December 13.The court will begin recording the statements of key witness Avinash Bali.\"Bali is an eyewitness in the case. He was present along with the victims when the incident occurred. We will be issuing summons to him and other witnesses,\" an officer from DN Nagar police station said. Bali had also identified the four accused.On October 20, 2011, Keenan (24) and Reuben (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W).While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben died on October 30 in an Andheri hospital. The police arrested accused Jitendra Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival. Keenan and Reuben were attacked, leading to their death, when they tried to protect their female friends from the group of eve-teasers. The charges in the case were framed only in October. The accused have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using word or gesture or committing any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace and also other sections of the Bombay Police Act.Police have recorded the statements of 21 witnesses, including Keenan's girlfriend. In January, a 416-page chargesheet was filed before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396326", "title": "Pots simmer for grand Guru Nanak Jayanti langar", "text": "KANPUR: Irrespective of caste and religion, hundreds of volunteers converged at Motijheel Ground to take part in the preparations for 'Langar' (community feast) ahead of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti here on Tuesday. Several cultural and religious events were also organised at the city-based gurdwaras on the eve of Guru Nanak Jayanti.This year's Guru Nanak Jayanti is the 544th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev, on Wednesday, November 28. To mark the occasion, a big langar is scheduled at Motijheel grounds on Wednesday. According to the organizers, more then 50,000 people are expected to throng the feast for which hectic preparations began since early morning on Tuesday. A large number of volunteers were seen cutting vegetables, comprising seven tonnes of cauliflower, nine tonnes potato, besides 55 tonnes cereals and 270 kg flour has been donated or purchased for the feast.\"The menu will include vegetable, puri, daal and a sweet dish,\" informed Shipra, a devotee cutting the vegetables.Importantly, during the three-day 'Prakashotsav', the first day was marked with the holy procession known as 'Nagar Kirtan' on various city streets followed by 'Shabad Kirtans' performed at various gurdwaras.On day two of the festival, various cultural and religious events were organized at gurudwaras and the final day of Guru Nanak Dev Jayanti will be marked by the grand langar at Motijheel followed by keertan at the gurdwara. An excited Guneet Singh says, \"Such occasions are meant not only for celebration and festivity, but also strengthens one's belief and bond with Almighty. Joy apart, the participation in 'sewa' (service) gives inner peace and satisfaction which is only possible through the service of the lord.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394272", "title": "National conference at IIMR from November 30", "text": "INDORE: Indore Institute of Management &amp; Research ( IIMR) will be organizing a national conference on \"Global Force Shaping the Future of Business and Society\", on November 30 and December 1, to understand the present and futuristic business environment, their effect and possible solutions.The national conference will provide a forum to present current research in the forms of technical sessions and round table discussions by participants from all over the country.The conference will be inaugurated by vice- chancellor of DAVV, D P Singh on November 30. Large number of eminent academicians and corporate honchos will address the seminar. Valedictory address will be given by the director IIM, Indore, Dr N. Ravichandran on December 1.Eminent speakers who will address the sessions are director, Indore Management Association, Jagdish Verma, CMD Pragya Industries, L C Tolani, CMD, NEPA Ltd, Brigadier S K Mutreja, director, Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies, Pune, Prof Rajeev Divekar, HR, Bharat Forge, Leena Deshpande, and director, Bharati Vidhyapeeth, Navi Mumbai, Dr D Y Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396229", "title": "They made Mangalore an education hub", "text": "MANGALORE: Protestantism is one of the major divisions within Christianity and in the undivided Dakshina Kannada district they form the largest Christian population after Roman Catholics.The Basel missionaries, who came with an intention to spread Gospel here in 1834, realized the local population needed more than just the God's word. So, along with spreading Gospel, they helped locals develop employment and vocational skills. Thus, Mangalore flourished as an education and industry hub and became a centre for trade. It was during the time of Basel Mission cotton weaving, tile manufacturers and vocational educational institutions were established here.Many Billavas embraced Protestantism in search of social equality and economic betterment by breaking out tentacles of caste system. They believed Protestantism ensured freedom and equality, according to Ramanath Kotekar, who wrote the book ``Billavaru Mathu Basel Mission-Ondu Adhyayana'' (Billavas and Basel Mission-A study). In fact, he notes that for every ten persons who got converted by the Basel Missionaries in 1850s, nine were Billavas. Ramanath deduces that Billavas who had been deprived of education and equality probably yearned for better future for self and their future generations.As of now, the population of Protestants under Church of South India which has jurisdiction over Diocese of Dakshina Kannada , Udupi, Kodagu, Chamarajanagar, Mysore and Hassan is only 34,000.Their traditions are derived from local population and fish curry rice is their favourite food.Famous personalities among Protestants are Ferdinand Kittel, who learnt Kannada, Tulu and Sanskrit. His main contributions to Indological studies was his Kannada-English Dictionary, first published in 1894, and the Grammar of the Kannada Language in English, published in 1903.He also composed a number of Kannada poems.Hermann Friedrich Mogling is credited to be the publisher of the first ever newspaper in the Kannada language `Mangalooru Samachara' in 1843. He was awarded a doctorate for his literary work in Kannada, Bibliotheca Carnataca. The founder-principal of BEM Theological Seminary (now Karnataka Theological College), also translated Kannada literature into German.Rev A Manner is another notable personality who published the first Tulu-English Dictionary in 1886. Plebot is another famous missionary who established the first tile factory known as Basel Mission tile factory in 1860, after he found large deposits of clay by the banks Gurupura and Nethravathi Rivers.It was located near Morgan's Gate on the banks of the river Nethravathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396252", "title": "Young 'parliamentarians' say aye to Lokpal Bill", "text": "MANGALORE: Winter session of the Parliament may have failed to carry out any business so far owing to the stalemate over allowing FDI in retail. However, future parliamentarians did not waste time throwing brickbats against each other and swiftly passed Lokpal Bill 2012 on Tuesday at a mock Parliament contest organized by the PU Board for PU students of Dakshina Kannada district.As many as 55 students from 10 colleges across the district took part in the contest.Young 'minister' Jayashri presented Lokpal Bill 2012 and Lokayukta Bill 2012 in the session. While members of the ruling party highlighted its pros, opposition members threw light on the cons. A student 'MP' observed that bringing national security agencies like CBI under the purview of Lokpal Bill will curtail the freedom of such agencies, while performing their duties.The question hour also led to a heated debate over misuse of funds released under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.Infiltration of Bangladesh citizens to India was another issue that came for discussion at the Mock Parliament. Opposition MPs pointed out that the infiltration will lead to increase in terrorism and help drug mafia.Young MPs also expressed concern over deteriorating Indo-Pak relations.While Alva's PU College, Moodbidri team bagged the first place in the competition, St Agnes PU College and Besant PU College secured the second and third places respectively.MLC Capt Ganesh Karnik, zilla panchayat president Koragappa Naik, chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash and PU Board deputy director KR Thimmaiah were the guests at the valedictory ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395792", "title": "Cricket betting racket busted in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police believe they have busted a big-time betting racket that may have made crores on the recent India-England Test match in Mumbai in which M S Dhoni's men tumbled to a shock 10-wicket loss.A senior investigator confirmed gambling was on during the England-India Test. \"The result of the match was a surprise because Indian players practically surrendered before the English spin attack, which is quite bizarre,\" said the officer. DC south suburban division Sujay Chanda confirmed the arrest of eight persons. \"We are probing whether they are linked with cricket betting,\" he said.Sources in Garfa police station say they had been receiving tip-offs for the past few months about a major gambling racket in the area. After weeks of investigation, they zeroed in on the den on Purbachal Hospital Road, near Prince Anwar Shah Road connector. The first raid was conducted on Diwali, but the gamblers managed to flee.On Monday evening, after a specific lead, a police team raided a room that was an extension of a well-known restaurant chain. \"It was around 8pm. There were 15-odd people in the gambling den. A few managed to escape but we got eight of them,\" said an investigator. Police seized Rs 90,000 in cash and a surprisingly large quantity of gold ornaments. \"One gold chain alone weighed 450 grams (around Rs 1.45 crore at current value),\" said an officer.Police say the restaurant owner Samir Adhikari, 35, is the kingpin of the racket and his elder brother Bishu is among the key leaders. All those arrested have been identified as local real estate promoters, influential traders and building materials suppliers. Police say Adhikari, too, is a promoter.During interrogation, the suspects claimed that they were only involved in card gambling and not cricket betting, say sources. But police have reasons to suspect their involvement in cricket betting, too. \"All it takes to run a cricket betting syndicate are a few cellphones. We have seized several cellphones from the den and will check the call details thoroughly,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396962", "title": "Kerala among the star performers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite a March 2013 deadline, Kerala State IT Mission (KSITM), the nodal agency for Aadhaar project, said it can cover around 90% of the population. The only delay would be completing the enrolment of school children. At present Kerala stands fourth in UID enrolment, just behind Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.As of last week, Kerala's enrolment status, including data collected through National Population Re gistry (NPR) stands at 26,205,418. A good majority of Kerala's population, who are yet to be enrolled under the Aadhaar, are school children. The programme should have targeted the 60 lakh-plus students in Kerala, from class I to class XII, when the programme was launched in Feb 2011. However, agencies that work on a commission - based on the number of people enrolled - did not find schools a lucrative target.Initially IT@School was given the job, but the manpower of the agency are teachers and those who are qualified to administer biometrics on UID applicants were asked to undergo a separate examination to qualify and teachers from IT@ School could not be spared. So it was decided to engage Keltron and Akshaya.But, both agencies were reluctant to start enrolment at schools as they could only collect data from 25 to 30 students a day, as opposed to 150 enrolments from the general public. The main reason being that both agencies had to wind up early, as enrolment was undertaken during school hours - between 9.30 am and 3.30 pm in urban areas and from 10 am onwards in rural.\"UID registration has been completed in 35% of schools of Kerala,\" said KSITM's head of e-governance G Unnikrishnan. Akshaya centres have deployed 720 machines and Keltron 350 to carry out the registrations.KSITM authorities said the confusion over UID and NPR is still prevalent, but issues pertaining to data sharing between the two agencies have been sorted. In July, KSITM was at loggerheads with NPR as it was unable to access the 'know your resident' (KYR) data - name, gender, address - being complied by the National Population Registry. Now they have been granted access.\"The government intervened and suggested that the status quo of NPR will be maintained. No new locations will be targeted by NPR until UID programme comes to a close in March. But NPR agencies would continue enrolment at their current locations, \" Unnikrishnan said.Phase two of Aadhaar project will be implemented after May, where people will be given an opportunity to correct incorrect entries and also apply for UID numbers at permanent enrolment stations. KSITM plans to bank on 900-plus Akshaya centres to set up permanent enrolment stations. \"There are 2,000 Akshaya operators in the state and many of them are already trained to conduct biometrics and data entry. We are likely to open an enrolment centre in every panchayat or we could start small by doing it block-wise,\" said Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394777", "title": "Law department website hacked for third time", "text": "JAIPUR: Attack on the websites of Rajasthan government by hackers, mostly from Pakistan continues exposing the poor cyber security arrangements. The Pak and Iranian hackers hacked the site of law department for the third time in the past three years and deleted the data and even stole it. An FIR was registered by the state government with Ashok Nagar police station against unidentified hackers on Tuesday.According to the police, the website - www.lites.rajasthan.gov.in - was defaced on November 19. The hackers had uploaded a page in which derogatory messages and slogans like 'Pakistan Zindabad' were written.The nodal officer Manoj Kumar lodged an FIR under various sections of the Information Technology Act. The police said that help of cyber police station which was set up recently in Jaipur will be taken during investigation. Instead of improving the technical security, the only step taken by the government was to upload the data again. Cyber security experts said that as the security loopholes were not taken care of, the site is still vulnerable just like before.The TOI had earlier reported that as many as 22 sub-domains of the Rajasthan government website were hacked in February alone. The attacks on government websites indicate their vulnerability, especially domains ending with gov.in.The same website had been hacked twice earlier - first in 2009 and then March 2012. \"The first time, it was Pak hackers, the second time the hackers were from Iran . This time, the website was hacked by Pak hackers again,\" Mukesh Choudhary, a cyber security expert said.Choudhary said that the state government websites are so vulnerable that even a person with basic hacking knowledge can destroy them.\"Most government websites in Rajasthan run on shared server. If a hacker finds a single vulnerability or loopholes in any of these sites, other sites can also be compromised by uploading a backdoor 'shell'. After that, the hackers get total control over the website server,\" said Choudhary. Rajasthan is one of the most vulnerable states in terms of security of websites as the penetration tests are not carried out on a regular basis.EomJaipur: Attack on the websites of Rajasthan government by hackers, mostly from Pakistan, continues exposing the poor cyber security arrangements. The Pak and Iranian hackers hacked the site of law department for the third time over the past three years and deleted data or even stolen them. An FIR was registered by the state government with Ashok Nagar police station against unidentified hackers on Tuesday.According to the police, the website - www.lites.rajasthan.gov.in - was defaced on November 19. The hackers had uploaded a page in which derogatory messages and slogans like Pakistan Zindabad were written.The nodal officer Manoj Kumar lodged the FIR under various sections of the Information Technology Act. The police said that help of cyber police station set up recently in Jaipur will be taken during investigation. Instead of improving the technical security, the only step taken by the government was to upload the data again. Cyber security experts said that as the security loopholes were not taken care of, the site is still vulnerable as it had been earlier.The TOI had earlier reported that as many as 22 sub-domains of the Rajasthan government website were hacked in February alone. The attacks on government websites indicate their vulnerability, especially domains ending with gov.in.The same website has been hacked twice earlier - first in 2009 and then March, 2012. \"The first time, it were Pak hackers, the second time, the hackers were from Iran. This time, the website was hacked by Pak hackers again,\" Mukesh Choudhary, a cyber security expert, said.Choudhary said that the state government websites are so vulnerable that even a person having basic hacking knowledge can destroy them.\"Most government websites in Rajasthan run on shared server. If a hacker got a single vulnerability or loophole in any of these sites, other sites can also be compromised by uploading a backdoor 'shell'. After that, the hackers get total over the website server,\" said Choudhary. Rajasthan is one of the most vulnerable states in terms of security of websites as the penetration tests are not carried out on regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17393906", "title": "Italian giants Inter Milan ready to enter India", "text": "BANGALORE: The \"Sleeping giant\" of world football is showing signs of waking up with more and more European clubs keen on forging strategic alliances with Indian partners.After Manchester United and Barcelona FC , it's now the turn of Italian giants Inter Milan to look for opportunities to expand in the subcontinent.The team which wears the famous blue and black jerseys is ready to test the Indian waters with the Inter Academy, the first of which came up in Abu Dhabi in 2008.Bangalore, Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai figure in the preliminary shortlist. Inter has also planned doing business in football tourism by exploring the market in the world's second most populous country.Also on the cards is the entry of Inter Campus. The social project founded by Inter president Massimo Moratti in 1996 provides support to under privileged kids. The programme is active in nearly 25 countries supporting more than 10,000 children.Speaking exclusively to TOI during her short trip to India, Barbara Biggi, the club's international sales and marketing manager, said the Nerazzurris are scouting for partners to get the ball rolling.\"From our end, we are ready to start an academy tomorrow but it depends on our partners in India. We are looking at groups who have the infrastructure ready,\" Barbara said.\"Unlike others, Inter Academy will be directly run by our coaches. They will visit the country on short duration to train India's coaches and youngsters. The trainees will also travel to Inter Milan as part of their training,\" she added.About Inter Campus, the official said it is a non-profit venture which even promoted peace in the strife-torn West Asian region. \"It is completely different from our business. As part of the Inter Campus we had football matches with kids wearing jerseys with Palestine and Israel flags on them. This week a top club delegation including president Moratti will be in New York to showcase the programmes at the invitation of the United Nations ,\" said Barbara, who flew out to New York from Delhi on Monday.The official, who held several meetings in New Delhi, Karnal and Bangalore during her week-long trip, said she is returning convinced that there is a market and potential to be tapped in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395222", "title": "'Goa can widen highways through PPP model'", "text": "PANAJI: The reply of the Union minister for road transport and highways to the Rajya Sabha that \"there is no scheme for development of national highways with funding assistance from the state government\" seemed to dash Goa's claims and hopes of widening the highways by bearing 60% of the cost.Sources in the ministry of road transport and highways (MORTH), Delhi, told TOI that Goa can still undertake the widening through a model concession agreement with viability gap funding by the Centre to the extent of 40% where the project is undertaken on public-private-partnership (PPP) basis.Sources in the MORTH reiterated that the Centre does not have a policy that allows state governments to undertake widening of national highways by utilizing state funds. In fact, the Union minister in a written reply told Goa Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik that \"the development of national highways is taken up mainly under national highways development project (NHDP) and non-NHDP.\" He also stated that there are seven phases of NHDP covering about 47,000 km length.MORTH sources said that the Centre can consider Goa's request if it agrees to undertake widening of the national highways through the PPP model. This can be considered depending on the detailed project report, etc, sources said. But the remaining 60% has to be spent by the concessionaire and not by the state government. Sources said this has been communicated to the state government.While the state government has declared its intentions of widening the national highways, Goa PWD minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar has gone on record to claim that Goa will begin work on the new Zuari bridge after the 2013 monsoons. The state has also written to the Centre confirming its intentions of floating tenders for the appointing of a consultant to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for the highways widening project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396330", "title": "Illegal structures removed from Mall Road", "text": "KANPUR: Several illegal structures were removed in the anti-encroachment drive near Mall Road and Express Road on Tuesday. As many as 40 small and big encroachments were removed from Ghantaghar to Narhona Chauraha. Police force accompanied the KMC team. During the course of drive at Express Road, the KMC team removed 32 permanent and temporary structures.Commencing the drive from Express Road to Narhona crossing, the anti-encroachment squad removed tin sheds, shanty shops and roadside hutments.The enforcement wing also removed encroachments from the market behind a mall at Mall Road. Eight shops, around a dozen tin sheds, 10 bamboo sheds and 10 shanty shops were demolished. Several illegally extended boundary walls were also removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396332", "title": "Ethnic stuff galore at craft expo", "text": "KANPUR: The Handicraft Expo organised by city-based Handloom Development Corporation Members at Shastri Nagar Central Park witnessed large crowd on its penultimate day here on Tuesday. The grand handloom and handicraft expo with 170 stalls of various items witnessed great footfall throughout its weeklong run. Craft expo has been a fixture in the city for the past several years and this was the first time 170 stalls were put up, an all-time high.According to the organisers, this year the expo showcased the best the country has to offer in terms of handloom and handicraft. Happy with the response of the citizens, Kratika, owner of a saree stall, said there more buyers at her stall than expected and added that being the wedding season, the crowd demanded wedding and party-wear sarees. Her cheerful admission was echoed by Manoj and Sanjay running the crockery and clay pottery stalls. The artisans have sold hundreds of pieces over the last week to be given as gifts in weddings.Apart from clothes and pottery, the expo also offered handicraft articles like leather items, wood work, Madhubani paintings, stone and clay toys, etc. Traditional artifacts and handloom products like Banarsi sarees, zari, zardozi, brocades, shawls, woolens, scarves are also on display at the stalls. The weeklong exhibition concludes on Wednesday.\"Be it crockery, antiques, paintings, sarees, suits, footwear, or handloom products, everything is available at one stop. Such events encourage artisans from all over India to showcase their talent and products,\" said Gajendra Kumar, an organiser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396491", "title": "Undertrial accuses Desh Raj of assault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a dramatic turn of events, a 31-year old undertrial lodged in the Model Burail Jail, Nishant Sharma, accused Desh Raj Singh, the IPS officer accused of taking bribe, and four other policemen, also lodged in jail, of beating him up on Tuesday.Sharma, who was arrested for attacking BKI terrorist Jagtar Singh Hawara inside the district court, was brought to GMCH-32 for routine medical checkup where he suddenly claimed to have been attacked by Desh Raj and four others. Sharma also distributed handwritten pamphlets among mediapersons in GMCH-32.Denying allegations, authorities said Sharma was engaged in an altercation with four undertrials including Rakesh, Suresh, Harpal and another inmate on November 25 and that he dragged in Desh Raj unnecessarily.AIG (prisons) Balbir Singh Dhol said, \"Sharma had been engaged in a brawl with Rakesh and others inside barrack number 10 but Desh Raj had nothing to do with it. Sharma is only trying to get publicity by naming Desh Raj as one of the attackers.\" AIG Dhol claimed to have an audio recording of Sharma in which he said he was only attacked by Suresh and Rakesh.According to Nishant Sharma, an activist in a right wing organization, he was in a temple on November 25 when Desh Raj Singh and two others attacked him for objecting to their entry in the temple wearing shoes. DSP (south) B S Negi said medical examination at GMCH-32 revealed that Sharma's injuries were self-inflicted but a DDR has been registered. He said legal action would be taken after official communication from jail authorities.Distribution of handwritten pamphlets led to questions raised on arrangements in the high security Burail jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393683", "title": "Facebook arrests: Police should now pursue case for hospital attack, say lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar police, who acted swiftly but unjustifiably to arrest Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan for a Facebook post, must now fast-track its probe and file a chargesheet in the criminal case against the 10 men who allegedly helped destroy lakhs of rupees worth of property at the hospital of one of the girl's uncles, legal experts said on Tuesday.With the 10 men out on bail, there is no time limit for the cops to file a chargesheet. The 60-day deadline to file a chargesheet is only applicable if the men are in custody.Senior lawyer Amit Desai said, \"There is nothing to stop the police from completing the investigation against the 10 men. Filing a chargesheet in court will send a strong message that the justice system is working.'' He added, \"It does not take much time to process the matter in such cases, as not many witnesses are required. If the police have a panchanama and eyewitnesses to depose about the presence of the arrested men and the place that was vandalized, they can easily file a chargesheet and continue the probe against the unnamed persons yet to be arrested.\" The point, said other lawyers, is to ensure that a trial is held swiftly.The police could also seek cancellation of the bail granted by the former Palghar magistrate to the 10 men, said a criminal lawyer. \"The police can and must apply for cancellation of the bail,\" said a lawyer, as \"custodial interrogation would help the police identify the others involved in the attack\".The two girls were arrested on November 19 for a post uploaded a day earlier. However, the men, who allegedly vandalized the hospital on November 18 itself, were allowed to roam scot-free till November 20. Only a public outcry led to the police rounding them up. The men got bail of Rs 7,500 each after being charged for destroying property, while the girls were given bail of Rs 15,000 each for uploading a Facebook post. Shaheen Dhada, 21, had even removed the post and apologized, but her uncle's hospital was still vandalized. A police inquiry held that the girls were wrongly charged.The magistrate did direct the 10 men to report once a week (Fridays) to the police station and cooperate with the investigation, but lawyer Pranav Badheka said that if the probe is to be expedited, once a week may prove inadequate and \"impede the probe and its progress\". He added, \"Just as the police acted swiftly, yet unlawfully, against the girls, they must speed things up lawfully in their probe and act against the vandals.\" Prominent human rights activist and lawyer Colin Gonsalves said, \"The police must show that those who take the law into their own hands and vandalize without justification will be brought to justice and the victim compensated.\"Other lawyers in Mumbai, like advocates Sujay Kantawala and Ashish Chavan, said compensation according to the 2010 law the state brought in to deter attacks on hospitals must be ensured with \"tight evidence and a quick trial''. Chavan added, \"The police cannot afford to dilly-dally. If they registered a case against 50 unknown persons, they must pull out all the stops and place more men on the job to trace the other attackers in the mob and bring them to book.\" He added, \"Any delay emboldens the men who are scot-free. The task before the police is to restore the confidence the public has in them.\"Advocate and solicitor Swapnil Kothari also said the focus must be on prompt and adequate compensation to the victims of the vandalism. He said, \"The compensation system in this country needs to be revamped at the earliest as the victims do not get any immediate reimbursement and have to bear the brunt of misguided vandals. The acts of transferring a magistrate or suspending the erring police officer are blunted if the hospital continues to suffer due to the destruction and must slowly rebuild itself with no support from the state.\"When the vandals roam scot-free, the victims cannot merely wallow in grief, said Kothari, adding, \"The police should have vigorously opposed bail for the Palghar vandals, given that the hospital needs to be up and running at the earliest. In the US, the victim has his or her restitution rights (for any economic loss) contemporaneously heard with his other rights (for example to urge for imprisonment) for any criminal wrongdoing against him or her.\"Times View: Outrage against an individual and societyActing against police highhandedness and transferring a magistrate do not really close this case. There's also the unfinished matter of getting justice for the mindless vandalism of a doctor's property. A mob ransacking a doctor's clinic just because his niece had expressed her views on a social networking site is an outrage not only against an individual but against society at large. Justice will not be done till those responsible for the violence are made to pay for their crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17393724", "title": "Winning hand? Cong embraces cash transfers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress moved with alacrity on Tuesday to put the stamp of its \"hand\" on 'direct cash transfers', calling it an election promise fulfilled and lining up Rahul Gandhi to lead the celebrations in the build-up to the launch of what it sees as a \"game-changing\" scheme.Finance minister P Chidambaram and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh chose the Congress party platform to announce the launch of the scheme on January 1, dropping more than hints that cash transfers would be among the party's bragging points for the 2014 Lok Sabha contest. \"Aapka paisa, aapke haath\", Jairam introduced the scheme: the punch line echoing the party's winning \"Congress ka haath, aam aadmi ke saath\", the battle theme for two consecutive elections.The announcement at a press conference where the line between the government and the party seemed to fade came a day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh decided to keep food and fertilizer subsidy out of the purview of the ambitious scheme to transfer subsidy meant for UIDAI-designated beneficiaries directly into their bank accounts. In the first phase, cash transfers will cover 42 schemes that include LPG, scholarships, old-age pension, schemes run by the ministries of health and women and children.At a meeting of senior ministers on Monday, the PM is learnt to have spoken about the social costs of including food and fertilizer subsidies in the direct cash transfer scheme, expressing fear that diversion of the transferred money from the intended use to other expenditure would impact a household negatively. Sources said the PM also referred to diversion putting women to disadvantage and about the sacrosance of food security and PDS.The PM's apprehensions mean a drastic reduction in the scope of the scheme and can, correspondingly, whittle down the political benefits that Congress hopes to derive from the scheme. At the press conference at the Congress headquarters, Chidambaram said converting food and fertilizer subsidy into cash to be transferred to beneficiaries was complicated.But that did not seem to take away much from government's satisfaction over preparing the platform for transfer of cash ahead of the 2014 polls. A beaming Chidambaram complimented the government on a job well done. He rebutted opposition's charge that cash transfers were akin to bribes for voters, saying the government was merely trying to ensure that the subsidies reached the beneficiaries in full, rather than launch any new scheme.Ramesh struck a distinctly political note, saying the scheme was actually a political campaign which got underway 25 years ago with the recognition by the then PM Rajiv Gandhi that 85% of the money released from Delhi never reached the beneficiaries. In the same vein, he stressed that the launch of the scheme could not have been possible without the IT revolution conceived and implemented by Rajiv Gandhi.He also said the government's endeavour was only to ensure that people got their \"haq\", or entitlement, offering a peek into how the party might market the scheme in the lead up to elections.Significantly, in response to a question, Chidambaram scotched speculation that the scheme was part of a plan to eventually do away with subsidies, asserting that the government would continue with \"merit\" susbdies on food, fertilizer and some kinds of fuel.Ramesh said Rahul would hold a conference of district Congress committee presidents of 51 districts identified for the first-phase rollout from 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395662", "title": "PWD projects get a boost, govt clears Rs 70 crore", "text": "KOLKATA: The finance department on Tuesday cleared Rs 70 crore for the PWD to execute several road projects in the districts, mainly Jangalmahal and North Bengal.The PWD had earlier placed a proposal of Rs 250 crore for execution of various road and infrastructure projects. Sources in the PWD said work will be done in phases and the total amount required to implement all projects according to plans has been pegged at Rs 1,000 crore.Besides road and infrastructure, work on railway overbridge projects and those under the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) be carried out on a priority basis. Part of the Rs 70-crore fund cleared on Tuesday may also be used for these projects.Though the state government has a March 2014 deadline for projects under the BRGF scheme, the government wants to finish off as much work as possible before the panchayat elections slated for next year.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is scheduled to visit Jangalmahal this weekend in order to hold administrative meetings with officials of the Purulia and Bankura district administration and review the progress of work.On Mamata's last visit to these districts, she had instructed officials to not only complete projects within the stipulated time but also keep a constant check on the social welfare schemes. Ahead of her visit, the district officials are hence in a mad rush ensure that the documents are in place and a report card on the progress of work ready.Though some of the projects were running slow, PWD officials said that the pace had gained momentum now and work was going on in full swing.The PWD on Tuesday got clearance of Rs 70 crore out of Rs 250 crore from the finance department to execute several road projects in the districts.The PWD had earlier placed a Rs 250 crore proposal to the finance department for clearance to start off and execute various road and infrastructure projects. Work is to be executed in phases and the total amount that will be required to execute all projects according to plans will be around Rs 1.000 crore.Highly placed officials said that the finance department has cleared Rs 70 crore and the PWD will use the money to execute several road projects in the districts, mainly in Jangalmahal and North Bengal. Work of executing projects under the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) and some railway overbridge projects will be executed. Though the BRGF scheme projects are scheduled to be completed by March 2014, the government wants to finish off as much work as possible by the time the panchayat elections are held next year.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is scheduled for a two-day Jangalmahal visit this weekend from December 2 to hold administrative meetings with officials of the district administration of Purulia and Bankura and to review the progress of work. This will be the chief minister's fifth Jangalmahal visit.There is a mad rush among the Purulia and Bankura district administration to see and ensure that everything is in place and a report card is ready on the progress of work before the chief minister's visit. During her last visit in Jangalmahal, the chief minister asked the government officials to implement work and complete projects within time and also instructed to keep constant check to see that the social welfare schemes like distribution of ration cards and kishan credit cards for the BPL listed families are being done properly. The chief minister also emphasised to improve the 100 days work programme.The CM have held meetings with BDOs and district magistrates at Writers' Buildings where these issues were stressed upon.The chief minister in her previous visits to the Jangalmahal districts have stressed on improving the health care system. Among the infrastructure projects that the PWD is executing in Purulia are the upgradation of Deben Mahato hospital where a sick new born care unit is being set up and the first floor is having a vertical extension. A blood bank and a sports academy is coming up in Bankura's Khatra. The government has set a October - November 2013 deadline to complete all these projects.Though some of the projects were running slow due to administrative and other reasons, PWD officials said that the pace had gained momentum now and work is going on full flow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395781", "title": "Sobhandeb \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcassaulted\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 by rival faction", "text": "KOLKATA: Raging feud between rival factions of Trinamool unions saw veteran leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay file an FIR on Tuesday alleging assault by his own partymen, forcing Mamata Banerjee to intervene to set her house in order.This is the second time in five months that Mamata is being forced to mediate in such matters. Earlier, in a bid to contain the simmering discontent in the ranks sparked by Dola Sen's elevation as state INTTUC president bypassing Sobhandeb, the chief minister had asked veteran leaders Subrata Mukherjee and Pradip Banerjee to oversee the running of the unions. She had also said that Sobhandeb would continue to supervise the unions he had set up and nurtured over the years.\"The Calcutta University union was set up by me on April 23, 1998, shortly after Trinamool was born. Members of the union were on an agitation on Tuesday, so were others. The ruckus started when I entered the campus intending to expedite a meeting with the VC. After a telephone call (which he alleged was from Dola), they held me by the collar, shoved me and punched me in the chest. My position stopped me from doing anything, else they would have been in hospital today,\" the senior leader said. Sobhandeb is a former boxer.Sobhandeb immediately called up Mamata, who he claimed was very \"disheartened\" and promised action. Later, he lodged an FIR at Jorasanko police station against partyman Manmatha Ranjan Biswas and others.Sensing the CM's mood, minister Bratya Basu directed CU vice-chancellor Suranjan Das to take strong steps against the offenders. The CU syndicate also authorized him to identify the employees and showcause them. Suranjan Das later said, \"There was an ongoing agitation outside my chamber. Matters turned for the worse when another group arrived and a scuffle broke out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394329", "title": "Andhra Pradesh's IT industry body seeks withdrawal of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdraconian\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 discom rules", "text": "HYDERABAD: The worsening power situation coupled with the draconian restriction and control measures slapped by APCPDCL on IT companies has apex IT sector body -- The IT&ITES; Industry Association of Andhra Pradesh (ITsAP) -- up in arms.Terming the APCPDCL notices on R&C; measures during peak and off-peak hours, levy of hefty penalty and threat of disconnection served to IT players in Madhapur and Gachibowli as crippling and unreasonable, ITsAP has demanded that the state government withdraw these notices and implement a slew of measures to keep AP's major revenue earner in good health.ITsAP president V Rajanna sought measures like increase in the usage limit from the present 60% to 80% of the permitted demand, billing for the exact recorded demand by APCPDCL, exemption of VAT for diesel purchased for captive generation, removal of duty on captive power generation.In its statement, ITsAP said the IT industry was hopeful that the government would be able to find a lasting solution to the current power crisis and prevent the erosion of Brand AP as the most favoured IT/ITES destination contributing as it does to over 38% of the state's exports and employs over 10 lakh people in the state.Expressing disappointment that the APCPDCL notices were issued despite specific assurances by AP TRANSCO to both the state IT&C; department and the IT industry, ITsAP president Rajanna said the new measures had not only pushed up the cost of operations for the industry by 60-80% but also increased their carbon footprint by 4-5 times as it was forced to use diesel generators during power cuts.Underscoring the need for IT industry to be operational 365x24x7 as it services clients based in different time zones globally, Rajanna pointed out that though the sector was exempted from statutory power cuts under the IT&C; policy of 2010-15 as well as the fact that it falls under the purview of Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) it was being subjected to such severe power cuts.ITsAP added that understanding the scarcity of power, the sector had been bearing four hours power cuts on a daily basis during peak hours and had even started awareness programmes to use power consciously and save it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393804", "title": "Mumbai to host 30,000 weddings on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Grocer Abhishek Gupta has hired the services of wedding planner Nitin Bedi for his big-bash wedding on November 29. \"I myself was surprised to see a simple store owner having made such provisions for his wedding. This is one of the biggest baraats in terms of number of artistes. Abhishek has requisitioned south Indian drummers and a musical band of 21 men. The wedding is based on a Punjabi theme so there will be 15 bhangra dancers, not to mention lightmen dressed in fancy red costumes. Ten pandits have been hired to welcome the ladies of the baraat by blowing conch shells,\" laughs Nitin. \"The grocer wants to leave nothing out.\"He almost forgot the white mare that Abhishek will ride, and the chariot that will carry the wedded couple home once the ceremony is over.Over in Bangur Nagar, Goregaon, decorator Dharmendra Somani has a clutch of weddings to manage on November 29 and 30. \"The daughter of a prominent hotelier, whose establishment is located at S V Road, is getting married on November 29. Several high-profile guests are arriving from Bihar, including some ministers in government. Two other Marwari weddings are scheduled in Laxmi Nagar on November 30,\" he says.In an unusually long gap, there are no wedding mahurats from February 7 to April 29 next year. \"This has created a considerable rush for dates because, ordinarily, weddings do resume once Holi is over. Given the situation, most families who were looking to schedule marriages early next year have advanced them to this year's November mahurat,\" says Somani.He says NRIs who prefer certain months of the year due to the holiday season will get married despite the lack of mahurats in early 2013. \"However, Marwaris who select dates based on first names will be particularly careful to avoid that period,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394637", "title": "Intelligence agencies to quiz Pakistani national arrested in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: A local court in Sikar sent an 84-year-old Pakistani national, Ummed Khan, to two days' police custody on Tuesday following his arrest from Ramgarh Shekhawati area in the district where he was staying for the past 38 years.According to local police, a team of intelligence bureau (IB) has already arrived in the town to interrogate him. He will be questioned by various agencies to ascertain whether he was involved in any anti-national activities.The Sikar police had detained Khan from a village near Ramgarh Shekhawati where he had settled down posing as a farmer. The police had also seized an Indian passport and other identification documents including a ration card, driving licence and voter ID card. He had got married after coming to the area.Some villagers had tipped off the police about Khan's nationality. \"The villagers allege that he was involved in bringing disharmony among communities. He also encroached upon government land in the area. He had bought a piece of land and was doing some farming work,\" said a police officer.The officer added that Khan was arrested for the second time. \"Khan had come to India in 1954 and again in 1956. Khan has a brother named Haqam Ali, an Indian national staying in Ramgarh Shekhawati area. It is believed that Haqam Ali got the Indian nationality when he arrived here during Partition. Ummed Khan secured the visa both times on the pretext of visiting him,\" said the officer.He was staying in Sikar since 1956 but was arrested in 1971. \"He was convicted for illegally staying in India and sentenced to three years in prison. He was then deported to Pakistan. He illegally returned to India the next year and again started staying in Ramgarh Shekhawati since then,\" said the officer.Addl SP, Sikar, Sharad Choudhary said that apart from complaints of encroachment and involvement in minor cases, his record is clean. However, whether he was involved in any anti-social activities will be known only after his interrogation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395567", "title": "Loot at astrologer's house in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thieves broke-in the house of an astrologer in Nehru Enclave of Gomtinagar.P Chaturvedi, cousin of high profile astrologer Ramesh Tiwari who was killed recently, found the lock of his flat (Vatayan-38) broken, when he returned from Jaunpur on Tuesday morning.Gomtinagar police was informed subsequently and a case was registered. The thieves had left the safe and wardrobe untouched, police said.The family had gone to Jaunpur to be with Tiwari's family, from the time the high profile astrologer was assassinated.Police said that involvement of rival group cannot be ruled out considering the proximity of the victim with the high profile astrologer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393847", "title": "Dubai Racing Carnival invite for In The Spotlight", "text": "MUMBAI: Wonder filly In The Spotlight, the highest stakes earner in Indian racing history with more than Rs 5 crore in career earnings, has been invited to take part in the Dubai Racing Carnival.\"We had filled up the form for the Dubai carnival. We got the confirmation on Monday, and she has been given an international rating of 102,\" informed captain Jamsed Appoo, owner of In The Spotlight.The great filly is expected to go to quarantine in Mumbai and is likely to leave for Dubai after December 15. \"She most probably will run three races in Dubai with the target being the Dubai Gold Cup Group 3 (3200 metres) which takes place on Dubai World Cup Day. Of course, it all depends on her performance,\" added Appoo. If she performs well in Dubai, then In The Spotlight might travel to UK to race there till the end of October 2013.Few Indian horses have made it to the Dubai carnival in the past and have met with good success. Some years ago, Mystical won back-to-back races and another horse, Oasis Star, had finished a close second. Classical Act was another who had finished a notable third.According to sources, it was tough to get an invitation for Indian horses to participate in the Dubai carnival as all international horses are quarantined in separate blocks.In this scenario, it was not viable for the authorities to invite one horse from India and use one entire block just to stable that horse alone.However, In The Spotlight's wonderful achievements perhaps impressed the Dubai authorities and they agreed to invite the filly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395864", "title": "Approach roads are unsafe: NHAI", "text": "KOCHI: How safe are approach roads of bridges across Kochi backwaters? Quite unsafe, if doubts raised by the National Highway Authority (NHAI) are to be considered. The officials have expressed their concern over the stability of approach roads of bridges constructed on the highways in Kochi and adjacent areas including Aroor.After inspecting the concrete slab of the approach road which gave in on Bolgatty (Mulavukadu) -Vallarpadam container terminal bridge on Tuesday, deputy general manager C T Abraham said, \"This is not a new phenomenon and the problem was noticed earlier. As the approach road sank, the movement of vehicles were restricted. The approach roads to almost all the major bridges in the city and its vicinity face similar problems,\" he said.The 15-feet-long span connecting the bridge and the approach road at Vallarpadam on the new container terminal bridge, parallel to the second Goshree bridge, gave in and the incident came to light when locals took up the issue on Monday. For the last one week, this portion was provided temporary support. This overbridge was constructed to facilitate the movement of containers to International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICCT). The authorities had restricted the movement of vehicles through the stretch and vehicles will have to proceed through Goshree bridges.The NHAI has informed that the National Institute of Technology (NIT) has conducted a study. \"As there are possibilities for such incidents repeating, there is a need to find a permanent solution. NHAI recommends changes in design of approach roads. During construction, aspects like bringing down the height difference between the bridge and the approach road was not taken into account. The project is expensive and this would mean additional expenditure,\" said Abraham. The bridge was opened for traffic a month ago on an experimental basis.Earlier, the Moolampilly-Kothad Bridge was damaged as a large chunk of concrete caved in from the bridge, exposing the steel structure beneath. This had raised doubts over the stability of bridges and roads built over the backwaters. Contractor Soma construction had then said that they were yet to hand over the bridge to NHAI. The firm, in their defence, had claimed that heavy traffic flow through the 'temporary road' might have led to the damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17396985", "title": "Red killers put khaki in a fix", "text": "KOCHI: If you return home alive after traveling though city roads, you can consider yourself lucky. The city police remain mute spectators as private buses, notoriously known as red killers, continue to terrify motorists by bullying and rash driving on the city roads, having claimed an 8-year-old as their latest victim on Monday.For a change, the city's top cop has admitted the department's inability to rein in private buses due to the lack of cooperation from the public and coordination between concerned departments. He also lashed out at private bus owners for promoting rash driving culture among drivers who are as such insensitive to other motorists.Following the Monday's accident in which a girl was crushed to death by a private bus at Vytilla, city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar has promised to make a concerted effort to book private buses that violate traffic rules in the city.\"I need the support of the public. Just SMS me the number of the private bus that's being rashly driven through the city. I assure you that the city police will take action. No one comes forward to lodge a complaint. Only when an accident occurs, there's a public outcry against private buses,\" Ajith Kumar said.According to the commissioner, it was not possible to deploy policemen across the city to monitor private buses. \"With the available manpower, the city police will not be able to book all errant private bus drivers. Each resident of the city is responsible for ensuring an accident free city, which now lacks a good traffic culture. Private bus drivers and the bus owners are responsible for this state of affairs,\" he said.As an immediate step, he said that the city police have decided to conduct a detailed drug test on private bus drivers. \"It is easy to check drunken driving. We suspect that a large number of drivers are using drugs while driving. We have also decided to remove air horns from all private buses in the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395280", "title": "Chess documentary wins hearts at Iffi", "text": "PANAJI: When British Indian documentary filmmaking couple Ian McDonald and Geetha J discovered the world of blind chess through a tiny newspaper report, they knew they had something incredible in hand.Most viewers would consider a 100-minute documentary made in black and white with no narration reason enough to shy away from a screening. Yet it is these very characteristics that added to the popularity of Algorithms, a documentary that subtly challenges the notions of vision, foresight and the superiority of the sense of sight by following the lives of the three 'most promising' blind chess players in the country and their pioneering blind mentor Charudutta.\"I am not trying to romanticize blindness. The limitation of sight, however, does not affect the blind as much as the limitations of society imposed on the blind hinders them from being fully integrated in to society. In a way we tend to be over reliant on our sense of sight,\" McDonald the sports sociologist said. The duo were initially overwhelmed by the \"paradox of using a visual medium to image those without sight,\" but overcame that by gaining the confidence of their protagonists.Darpan, Sai Krishna and Anant, their protagonists, are a determined trio aiming to be an entrepreneur, journalist and IAS officer respectively. \"Darpan, a budding entrepreneur, thinks we are mad to invest money and time on a project with uncertain guaran-teed returns,\" Geetha said.\"Chess is the only game that the blind can play on par with the sighted. While the film appears to be a sports film on the surface, it explores our notions of sight and vision as well,\" shared Mc Donald who is also a sports sociologist. Blind chess, Mc Donald said is a \"phenomenon that is popular globally with India playing a dominant role.\"The documentary in English, Hindi, Tamil and Odiya has a Carnatic musical score that enhances the structure in the film. \"The documentary. It is a medium about engaging reality and exploration of new worlds and is not just boring and preachy, Mc Donald said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395482", "title": "Youth shot at Pataudi road police chowki", "text": "GURGAON: In the daytime on Tuesday, a student of BA 1st year was shot at in front of Pataudi road police chowki. The assailants came in a Scorpio car and opened fire on the student, who received an injury near his neck and admitted to Paras Hospital, where his condition is reportedly critical.City police have lodged an FIR against three for murder attempt. It was later learnt that a love affair had triggered the violence. There was a brawl in this connection between Mahendra, a resident of Narsinghpur village, and Sandeep alias Bander, a resident of Naharpur village, four days ago. Two groups of people held a panchayat for an amicable solution. Then Mahesh Kumar and Mahendra, cousin of the victim, also reached the police chowki.Meanwhile, when Mahesh came out of the panchayat, three armed assailants opened fire on him. Cops said that the accused had fired four rounds at the car and Mahesh was injured after receiving a bullet injury near his neck. He was rushed to a nearby hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395884", "title": "Brahmapuram waste plant goes green", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation has succeeded in giving a new look to the Brahmapuram waste treatment plant.After visiting the site, mayor Tony Chammany said that the local body had cleared around one lakh tonne waste which was piled up at the site. Except for the waste that was collected in the last 25 days, the contractor engaged by the civic body has processed the garbage accumulated over the last three years.\"While dump yards in other cities invite controversies, the corporation took the initiative to cultivate 10,000 plantains in the 10 acre land adjacent to the plant. Landscaping has been done in 12,000 sqft of land. We have plans to grow indoor plants in the garden,\" he said.The contract for treating solid waste was given to the private contractor Environ Green in February 2, 2012. Though they could treat organic materials, plastic and other inorganic substances remain at the site.\"The corporation has submitted an estimate before the Kerala Suchitwa Mission to carry out scientific capping of plastic materials. The Mission will be involved in executing the process,\" said an official at Brahmapuram plant.At present about 150 to 160 tonne of waste is brought from the corporation limits, Aluva and Thrikkakkara panchayats.According to the contractor, the local body charged the municipalities Rs 1,200 for collecting waste. The deal was to pay the contractor Rs 550 for processing one tonne.As the corporation signs an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Tripunithura, Angamaly and Paravoor municipalities waste from these local bodies will be brought to Brahmapuram. The Indian Navy is also expected to bring in the waste to the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17395029", "title": "HIV positive patients start a support group", "text": "NASHIK: Reaching beyond individual sustenance and rehabilitation, people with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) have come together to form a support group and have registered with the Charity Commissioner for the purpose.The organisations titled 'Network of People and Children Living with HIV (NPCLH)' have a seven member team; two men and five women. \"Like any other organisation we are not limited to identify HIV patients and fighting for their health care issues with the government, but we also intend to strengthen the confidence among the patients to such an extent that they can lead a self-respecting life,\" said Yogita, the president of the organisation.The organisation, which started two years back, was only a given legal frame-work in October this year. \"NGO - Yash Foundation - that receives grant from Mahindra and Mahindra have helped and guided for four years. We realized that the lives of PCLHs can be made beautiful with medication and support and we can lead a normal life and perform all activities that others do. Now it is time for us to take it forward,\" Yogita added.The HIV 'positive' people have already been visiting the antiretroviral therapy centres, interacting with other patients, fighting for fair treatment to the people admitted in civil hospital, tracing patients, counseling them and their relatives, providing meals for patients as well as their relatives during their stay in hospitals and providing legal aid. They are also rehabilitating people based on their qualifications and ability to work.\"Today we have more than 300 positive people. Women unwilling or unable to go out and work are given the works to stitch gloves, while some others are engaged in managing files in rehabilitation centre. But there is a large numbers of positive patients who have been employed in engineering, pharmaceuticals or even other companies as well,\" said Radhika, an office-bearer of the NPC.Yogita said that the organisation was planning to open a hostel for women and children primarily and even for men. There are several donors for the project, but, there is no land available yet.Ravindra Patil of the foundations said, \"The concept of the support group is overwhelming and the foundation is ready to provide all the guidance necessary. However, now it has to ensure that it can sustain itself. The members are definitely capable of doing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17396492", "title": "Kishanganj to get one more varsity", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Even as establishment of Aligarh Muslim University's (AMU) clone at Kishanganj is on the anvil for which the state government has already allocated land, the UPA government at the Centre has offered another bonanza to Kishanganj district.The Centre has announced the establishment of a Central University in Kishanganj district, which will be named after great educationalist Rafi Ahmad Kidwai.Kishanganj Congress MP Asrarul Haq informed TOI over phone from New Delhi that Union minister for minority affairs K Rahman Khan made an announcement in this context in the Rajya Sabha on November 22. The proposed new university will be known as Rafi Ahmad Kidwai University (RAKU), said the MP.Giving details about the proposed university, the MP said that a 100-acre plot of land, preferably that of the Wakf Board land, would be obtained. But, if there is any hitch or difficulty, the people's representatives from all parties will approach chief minister Nitish Kumar for seeking land.The proposed varsity will mainly focus on the teaching of science subjects. It is being open in the light of the recommendations of the Sachchar Committee, which had mooted the proposal for establishment of universities in minority-dominated parts of the country.While RAKU was proposed in Muslim-dominated Kishanganj in Bihar, Tipu Sultan University at Bangaluru (Karnataka) and Khwaja Garib Nawaz University at Ajmer (Rajsthan) were also announced by the minister, the Congress MP Haq told TOI. He also said that the proposal for establishment of universities in minority-dominated districts in consonance with the recommendations of Sachchar Committee was hanging fire for long. A delegation of Muslim leaders had recently called on the PM Manmohan Singh , who had promptly conceded their demand, Haq said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17394606", "title": "4 women held for minor's marriage", "text": "MANSA: Mansa police arrested four women for convincing a woman to marry off her 14-year-old daughter to a 17-year-old. The women had got Rs 30,000 from the boy's family this. Police on Tuesday recovered Rs 14,000 from the arrested women.Mansa DSP Sulakhan Singh said, \"Town resident Pammi Kaur was not on good terms with her husband Jaggi Singh and wanted to live separately. She came in contact of her sister Malkit Kaur of Sardulgarh and three other women, who prevailed upon Pammi in marrying off her minor daughter with a boy of Khilan village in the district.\" As the boy's mother had died long ago, the family agreed to pay Rs 30,000 to the women for getting a girl in the house to do household chores, the DSP said.On getting to know about his daughter marriage, Jaggi Singh got a complaint registered against his wife. Investigating the matter, police found the complaint to be true and succeeded in recovering the girl. Police also arrested the women for illegally marrying off the minor girl, said DSP.A case under the charges of kidnapping and Child Marriage Act has been registered against women and rape against the boy. The women have been identified as Malkit Kaur, Gurmit Kaur, Manjit Kaur, Melo Kaur of besides Pammi Kaur. The boy too has also been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17396738", "title": "DMK men move HC seeking stay on trial", "text": "MADURAI: DMK functionaries including Madurai district secretary G Dhalapathi, the former chairman of Madurai Corporation's east zone V K Gurusamy have filed criminal original petitions separately seeking stay on the trial proceedings against them, which are pending in the Madurai judicial magistrate court No.1 and sought the court's direction to quash the criminal cases against them.In one petition filed by C Arunachala Chettiar and G Dhalapathi and four others, the petitioners contended that they have been charged under Sections 147, 457, 380, 506 (i) with 34 of IPC by the Meenakshi Amman Kovil Police Station on May 22 this year on the basis of a complaint lodged by B Rajendran of Gandhi Nagar.They also stated in the petition that the police had alleged in the FIR that Rajendran's wife was forcibly evicted on June 21, 2009 by the petitioners. The complaint was made before the police three years after the alleged incident.The police without conducting proper investigation in this matter filed an FIR. On the basis of the FIR, a charge-sheet has been filed before the Madurai judicial magistrate court No. 1. Hence, the trial proceedings against the petitioners before the magistrate court should be stayed and the criminal cases should be quashed, the petitioners prayed in their petition.In another petition, filed by V K Gurusamy and four others, they contended that a false case has been registered against them.According to them, the charge against the petitioners was that, during the last legislative assembly election, E Mayilmurugan of Kamarajapuram of the AIADMK was attacked by the former on April 16, 2011. Regarding this, the petitioners have been booked under Sections 147, 148, 452, 341, 307 and 506 (ii) of IPC by the Theppakulam police station. Based on the FIR, a charge-sheet was filed before the Madurai judicial magistrate court No. 1.They had stated in the petition that nearly four months after the alleged occurrence, an FIR was filed on July 31, 2011 on the basis of a complaint by Mayilmurugan. Due to inordinate delay in lodging the complaint, there are chances for concoction, afterthought and embellishment in the present case, the petitioners mentioned in the petition.Hence, the petitioners sought a stay on the trial proceedings before the magistrate court and prayed to quash the criminal cases against them.The two petitions are expected to be heard on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17394907", "title": "Ghaziabad auto strike cripples movement", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The second day of the massive autorickshaw and Vikram strike, the primary mode of transportation in Ghaziabad, resulted in complete collapse of the public transport system in the city. Scores of stranded commuters could be seen along the entire NH-24 stretching between Ghaziabad and Delhi. The few autorickshaws that were still operating were charging phenomenal amounts for small distances. The strike was called by the unions for autorickshaws and Vikrams demanding easing of various regulations directed at them by the administration.The Auto Rickshaw Chalak Sangh and the Three Wheeler Trade Union demanded that the Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam stop their drive against illegal parking and autos should be allowed to travel anywhere within the municipal region of Ghaziabad. The two unions also demanded that auto drivers should have a separate counter for getting driver's licences at the Ghaziabad transport office. The protesting auto drivers also want allowance to carry 5 passengers in three wheelers and 8 passengers in Vikrams and larger tempos.The protesting drivers surrounded the district magistrate's office, the Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam and the RTO on Monday in protest.According to sources in the transport department, the strike is a result of an ongoing drive being conducted by the transport department in association with the Nagar Nigam cracking down on erring autos and Vikrams. \"Our drive has been going on for almost two months and we have been cracking down on drivers who park illegally on the road or clog auto stands as well as overloading. This strike is essentially a result of that,\" said a senior transport department official.The strike, which started on Monday, took the city by surprise and inconvenienced many who depend on autos for transportation. On Tuesday, commuters were relatively more prepared but a number of people travelling between Noida, Delhi and Ghaziabad were stranded on NH-24 for hours.\"Throughout the day, people were waiting for buses. The problem is that due to Ghaziabad's large population and poor quality of public transport, there is an overdependence on these autos, especially in the trans-Hindon area, and this is being used by the unions as leverage,\" said a senior traffic police officer.According to the transport department, there are about 2,200 Vikrams operating in the city and another 12,000 three-wheelers. While most of them were on strike on both Monday and Tuesday, the remaining few were charging massive sums of money for even short distances. \"The cost for traveling between the old bus stand and the railway station is usually Rs 10, but today people were being charged at least Rs 100,\" said Saurabh Choudhury, a student.RTO officials said there are no immediate plans to accept the demands of the protesting unions. \"We will keep fining drivers disobeying rules. Overloading and driving without permits are grievous offences and action will be taken against them,\" said VK Singh, regional transport officer, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396138", "title": "Govt seeks explanation from Travancore Devaswom Board", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: State government has asked Travancore Devaswom Board to explain the circumstances that led to the sale of fungi infected appam to Sabarimila pilgrims, devaswom minister V S Sivakumar said here on Tuesday.\"The government has given strict instructions to dispose the inedible offerings. The board has been directed to conduct an inquiry and take exemplary action against those found responsible for the fungal infection in appam and its sale to pilgrims,\" Sivakumar told reporters here.According to the minister, the government did not possess any evidence to prove the allegations that the fungi found in the appam were deadly. \"Government and the board are taking utmost care for the smooth conduct of Sabarimala pilgrimage. Media should show more restraint in reporting news items that scare pilgrims and tarnish the image of the hill shrine,\" he said.However, the minister refused to buy the devaswom board president's allegations that the whole controversies over fungi infested appam and its distribution were part of conspiracies against the temple. \"The government does not share the conspiracy angle raised by the board,\" the minister said.As many as 1,66,317 packets of appam were destroyed by Travancore Devaswom Board authorities as they were found to have fungal infection and thereby unfit to be distributed to the devotees. Each packet contain seven pieces of appam and costs Rs 25.State government has also asked the board to inquire into the complaints against the auctions took place in Sabarimala in connection with Mandalam, Makaravilakku season. \"There is already a strict mechanism to ensure transparency of all auctions. Compared to last year, TDB got Rs 2 crore more from the auction this time.However, in view of the high court's observations on auctions at Sabarimala, the board has been asked to make necessary changes in the procedures. This would be done in concurrence with the HC'', the minister said.HC orders 'First In, First Out' principle : Meanwhile, the high court of Kerala on Tuesday ordered the implemention of 'First In, First Out' principle while distributing 'appam' and 'aravana' at Sabarimala to prevent the circulation of stale 'prasadam'.A division bench comprising justices Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and AV Ramakrishna Pillai also ordered that that the traditional recipe of the prasadam should not be changed without the court's permission.The court also directed the Travancore Devaswom Board to ensure that the prasadam is prepared in accordance with the quality guidelines prescribed in the Food Safety and Standards Act.It also directed food safety officials to inspections plants preparing 'prasadam' every four hours and report any discrepancies to the special officer of the devaswom board and contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17396037", "title": "Nobel laureate interacts with Namakkal students", "text": "NAMAKKAL: It was a breath of fresh air for the staff and students of KS Rangasamy College of Technology at Tiruchengodu on Tuesday when Swiss physical chemist and Noble Laureate Prof Richard R Ernst interacted with them on various topics ranging from science and technology to Indian spirituality. Winner of Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1991 for his contributions towards the development of Fourier Transform Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy, Ernst spoke to the students about applying complex scientific facts to every day events. Keen observation is essential to excel in life, he told the students. He also encouraged them to work towards evolving scientific reasoning.Interacting with students after inaugurating a science camp titled Science Pursuit for Inspired Research (INSPIRE), Ernst said he was a big fan of Buddhist philosophy. He firmly believed that such philosophy could bring about world peace and global harmony. One of his biggest influences is Tibetan spiritual leader and philosopher Dalai Lama, he added.\"I am deeply influenced by Buddhism and the speeches of Dalai Lama have brought me closer to Buddhist philosophy. The spiritual leader blends science and spirituality with ease,\" Ernst said. He recollected his interactions with the Dalai Lama when he held a series of discussions with scientists to establish a link between spiritualism and science. He also spoke of the monastic Tibet Institute in Rikon, Switzerland, where the philosophy of non violence is popular. \"The Dalai Lama played a major role in the setting up the institute. The Buddhist monastery and the Tibetan monastic community constitute a vital part of the cultural and religious life of Tibetans in Switzerland,\" said Ernst.Referring to the use of science for social transformation, Ernst stressed on the need for more research works to address the problems faced by the poor in India. I have visited India several times. I see substantial development happening in the country. However, more research should be done to find solutions for problems faced by the poor,\" he said.Ernst highlighted the need to promote research at the school level. Children should be given opportunities to learn by hands-on practice. Teachers should encourage children to learn by experimenting. Exposing students to research at a young age will encourage them to pursue a career in science and technology,'' he said. College founder chairman Dr K S Rangasamy presided over the function. Director of School Education R Srinivasan was chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395633", "title": "Industrial Training Institute's job fair draws enthusiastic response from candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: A pass out of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) Ambrish Kumar came all the way from Sitapur in search of a job when he came to know about a 'rozgar mela' in the state capital. \"I have a family to support. I am the sole breadwinner as my father is critically ill. I could not afford to lose an opportunity of coming to this job fair where many companies are coming under one roof for recruitment,'' said Ambrish filling the company registration form at the Government Industrial Training Institute (ITI), Aliganj.There were thousands like Kumar who came from their native places to Lucknow to attend the one-day job fair organised jointly by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and the Uttar Pradesh government. Since this was the first initiative taken to provide employment to ITI pass and final year students, there were more than 7,000 job seekers who poured in from Lucknow and other districts of the state. To register themselves, students queued up on the campus since as early as 8 am on Tuesday.More than seven companies, including big names like Tata Motors , Hero Moto Corp, Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;), PTC Industries, Goldie Masale, Yash Papers and Mahakaleshwar Smile Parks Enterprises (MSPE) Pvt Ltd took part in the fair to hire students, mostly for technical jobs.The crowd at the fair showed the desperation among the youth to be employed. \"It's a good initiative and gives a chance to apply in many companies increasing the possibility of getting a job,'' said Akshay Kumar , an ITI pass out. Students present however lamented that the jobs being offered were not permanent. \"Companies are hiring for only three to six months and for the next six months we are jobless again. This way most companies ask students to complete three stints and if they have to make recruit permanently, they select only from those trained by them,'' explained Shivang Singh, another ITI student. Many students who were already employed but about to complete their time frame also participated in the fair.According to the employers, the job fair for ITI students will help establish an effective link between the industry and skilled talent pool. Manager, MSPE Pvt Ltd, Preeti Sharma said, \"There is abundant manpower in UP. We only need to train people so that they work efficiently.'' The company had come to recruit nearly 500 students for five various units to be made operational in UP.Contented to see high participation of youth, regional employment officer P K Pundir said, \"It is the first time a job fair of such magnitude is organised for ITI students. The advantage of this fair is that a student gets an opportunity to put forth his resume in various companies. Earlier, we have been calling individual companies to hire people.'' The organisers said the job fair was aimed at filling the supply-demand gap of manpower in manufacturing and other industrial sectors.Throwing light on the potential of students in UP, principal secretary, vocational education, GoUP Rajeev Kapoor said, \"Every year, the state produces around 50,000 ITI students. There is a good chance of generating employment for them only if we hone their skills.''On the occasion, UP government cabinet minister for Labour and Employment Waqar Ahmad Shah said, \"There are many events lined up for unemployed youth. The job fair is one of them.'' Minister of state for labour and employment Shahid Manzoor said the success of such events could be best judged by the output they generate.While career fairs keep happening for engineering and B-School students, such an activity for ITIs is unique. What impressed students was the fact that the recruiters had no fixed targets of the number of candidates to pick up. The recruiters hired students at different levels like apprenticeship, job trainees and permanent employees. After registration, students were asked to enrol themselves in companies they were interested in according to their eligibility. While many companies held on the spot interviews and written tests, others took the resume from the students to shortlist and contact at the time of selection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394159", "title": "Dearth of qualified teachers hits govt schools in Hyderabad's Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Severe shortage of qualified teachers in government schools in Old City, particularly where Urdu is the medium of instruction, is affecting the students badly and they faring well in the crucial Class X exam appears to be remote.In many government schools secondary grade teacher (SGT) cadre teachers have been asked to fulfill the role of school assistants who teach high school students. That means the students appearing for board examination this academic year would lack the benefit of being taught by properly qualified teachers.School assistant (SA) cadre teachers have to be BEd (Bachelor of Education) qualified while secondary grade teacher posts can be filled by candidates with D.Ed (Diploma in Education). Teachers in SA cadre usually teach high school students while SGTs teach middle and primary school students. In many schools vacancies arising either due to transfer or promotions of teachers in SA cadre have been filled up by teachers of the SGT cadre. Those in the know say that this is rampant in Bahadurpura and Bandlaguda mandals, where qualified high school teachers prefer not to work instead opting for work in other mandals.Take the case of Bahadurpura mandal where in eight of the 27 high schools, SGTs are currently teaching high school students. Though officials from the district education office maintain that only the most qualified of the SGTs are being deployed, they admit that vacancies need to be filled soon.\"In case there are vacancies for SA, and there is no chance of recruitment we have to use the services of qualified SGTs to address the vacancy,\" said an official from the office of deputy education officer, Bahadurpura mandal. Making secondary grade teachers teach high school students also affects the quality of education at lower levels, say education experts. Currently the government is using the services of Vidya Volunteers recruited under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan scheme to assist the school management.Authorities claim that many SSA recruits have BEd qualification and hence quality is not an issue but dissenters contend that many volunteers are students studying Bachelor of Education either through regular or correspondence mode and hence are not qualified to teach.Officials also maintain that there was no dearth of teachers in Urdu medium in the Old City at any level but there is a requirement for Telugu teachers in high schools.Education activists contest this claim saying that in several Urdu medium schools vacancies have not been addressed for long. \"There are around 300 Urdu medium primary and high schools in Hyderabad. The total number of vacancies in Hyderabad district for Urdu medium teachers is also around 300 and a good a chunk of this requirement is in the Old City where about 200 schools are located,\" said Mohammed Ansari, of Urdu Struggle organisation, a civil society initiative to protect Urdu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396251", "title": "Allahabad University authorities raid Hindu hostel, 145 rooms vacated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing with their raids to flush out illegal inmates from all the hostels, authorities of Allahabad University raided the trust-run Hindu hostel on Tuesday. The hostel has a total capacity of 368 inmates and the authorities were able to make space for 145 fresh inmates, allowing around 30 others to move in right away since they had a bank draft prepared well before October 31.Starting the raid, the university authorities supported by a police force were led by chief proctor of AU Mata Ambar Tiwari, team members of the proctorial board and officiating dean student welfare (DSW) Dr A R Siddiqui.The raiding team conducted a search from one room to another, verifying documents of the inmates.Earlier, there was argument between the raiding team and inmates as some were staying in rooms not allotted to them. Later, it was agreed that the students would be allowed to stay provided they deposited the hostel fee and had all valid documents required.The raiding team also found that around 30 undergraduates had bank draft dated October 30/31 but had not been deposited. The chief proctor took the drafts and allowed the students to stay. Authorities were able to get vacant 145 seats in the hostel which would soon be allotted to fresh students.Although the entire exercise went of smoothly, authorities did face inconvenience as a large number of inmates were moving along with the raiding party. Likewise, authorities also found many rooms locked so the locks were broken and the team put new locks on the doors. Tiwari informed that on Wednesday the authorities would be raiding the Muslim Boarding House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396654", "title": "Railways needs a bug to keep toilets clean", "text": "A few years ago, a scientist from Defence Research and Development Org anisation (DRDO) visited India's research outpost in Antarctica. Fascinated by a strain of bacteria, psychrophiles, that ingest human waste and convert it to odourless water at subzero temperatures, he brought the bacteria with him to India. Scientists at DRDO used it to develop bio-toilets.Bio-toilets were tested before being adopted by the military , which now uses them in the Siachen heights.Around the same time, Indian Railways was being roundly criticised for creating an environmental hazard by discharging toilet waste on tracks. The environment ministry was unhappy with trains polluting lakes and rivers, as studies showed that trains crossed a large number of water bodies.Indian Railways and DRDO thus came together to develop bio-toilets for trains. The railways had experimented with other options at considerable expense, but they had all failed.\"Somebody suggested that anti-corrosion paint was the best option to prevent corrosion of tracks and undercarriages of coaches,\" said a Southern Railway official. \"We spent crores on paints but they made no difference to the corrosion rate. Undercarriages needed to be replaced every four years as earlier. An official then proposed a controlled discharge.\"The controlled discharge toilet used a sophisticated system that used GPS. It collected waste in a box and discharged it automatically when a train picked up speed. The GPS system monitors if the train is over a water body or at a railway station to prevent polluting water bodies and keep terminals clean. It was considered an interim arrangement till a permanent solution was found.\"It looked good on paper but the GPS system did not work well,\" the Southern Railway official said. \"The toilet system often got jammed by bottles and garbage that travellers dumped in the commodes. It created a problem for rail yard workers who had to pry open toilet boxes and empty the waste into pit lines. The yards soon got polluted and posed a serious health hazard to employees.\"Controlled discharge toilets were also expensive, costing around 6 lakh per piece. Malfunctioning toilets threatened to derail train schedules especially at large terminals like Chennai, where more than 30 rakes have to be cleaned and overhauled every day. Railway staff have just six hours to make sure a rake is fit to be used. It was not possible to spend additional time to set right faulty toilets.The railways then experimented with zero discharge toilets. They were developed by IIT-Kanpur and Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) to segregate solid waste and liquid waste, recycling the liquid waste to be used for flushing. Solid waste was treated with anaerobic bacteria and stored in a box that was emptied at stations or yards. This toilet was found to be successful on a long-distance train. But sources said zero discharge toilets need more tests. \"The systems provided varied results during trials,\" a railway official said. \"Removing solid waste from tanks was a problem. Vacuum machines are prone to technical glitches.\"Officials of RDSO had suggested in 2005 that railways switch over to vacuum toilets, which are used extensively in the West, for premium services. But it realised they would require expensive support infrastructure at stations or yards.\"We tried different options including zero discharge toilets and vacuum toilets,\" said Indrajit Singh, executive director of RDSO. Railways is now cautious . \"We have to consider what passengers feel about a certain type of toilet. On average , more than 80 people use three Indian style toilets in each coach of a train in less than 20 hours,\" another official said. \"Tests have demonstrated that bio-toilets can be used by a large number of people. We are continuing tests to see if they have any shortcomings and to see if there is any change in the behaviour of the bacteria,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17395197", "title": "Lineman electrocuted at Kalay", "text": "MARGAO: A lineman with the electricity department, Krishna Madhu Velip, 35, was electrocuted after coming into contact with a live high tension wire at Costi, Kalay, on Tuesday morning. Velip was a resident of Barcem, Quepem.Police sources said that Velip had climbed a ladder to cut some tree branches that were over electricity lines. The cutting instrument in his hand accidentally touched the live line leading to his electrocution. Police have booked an offence against a junior engineer (JE) and senior lineman under Section 304-A of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai/kochi", "code": "17393510", "title": "Rinu Srinivasan back on Facebook; Chennai college waives admission interview", "text": "MUMBAI/KOCHI: Refusing to be cowed down by self-proclaimed censors, Rinu Srinivasan has reactivated her facebook account. The plucky 21-year-old is also looking forward to studying sound engineering in a Chennai institute which rolled out the red carpet for her, admitting her to the course without a mandatory interview.A friend of Shaheen Dhada, Rinu was dragged into the facebook controversy for 'sharing' the comment Shaheen posted on November 18, the day late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray was cremated at Shivaji Park. Rinu was called with Shaheen by Palghar police on Sunday night to present herself at the police station and tender an apology.The science graduate was worried the controversy, and the bail conditions which restricted her movement out of the city, would affect her future as she couldn't travel to Chennai for the admission interview. However, Rinu's brother Rahul said the Muzik Lounge School of Audio Technology, Chennai, where she had applied for a two-year course in sound engineering days before the incident, decided to exempt her from the interview process. \"The college has decided to admit her without an interview. She will join college in January,\" Rahul said.Moreover, Rinu updated her facebook cover photo on Monday. \"Rinu is back on Facebook. She reactivated her account two days back and was touched by the immense support she received from her facebook friends. Though hesitant at first, she has now started responding to messages from close friends,\" Rahul told TOI.\"My sister is not comfortable talking about the incident. We want to avoid any more trouble. Though she had not done anything illegal or derogatory, she was made to feel like a criminal,\" said Rahul, whose family originally hails from Kumarakom, in Kerala.However, the family gave a thumbs-up to the local police who were pilloried for the incident. \"We have no complaints against the police. The girls had to be detained by the police as there was a nearly 5,000-strong mob outside Palghar police station. It was done to ensure their safety and the police have been decent with the girls throughout the entire episode,\" said Rahul.Rinu also approached the Palghar court on Tuesday to seek exemption from the weekly police station appearances. The bail conditions required both Rinu and Shaheen to report to the Palghar police station every Wednesday. The matter is likely to be heard on Thursday as the courts are closed on Wednesday on account of Guru Nanak Jayanti. Shaheen's family has also approached the court for exemption from appearing every week in the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395413", "title": "Karthikeyan downs Sethuraman in Commonwealth Chess Championships", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Asian junior champion P. Karthikeyan defeated fellow-Indian Grandmaster S.P. Sethuraman and moved into joint lead at 6.5 points after the seventh round of the Apollo Engineering College Commonwealth Chess Championships on Tuesday.Grandmaster Ahmed Adly of Egypt maintained his grip at the top accounting for giant-killer Ram S. Krishnan in the second board. Adly and Karthikeyan lead the Championship with 6.5 points followed by top seed Sergei Tiviakov (The Netherlands), Oleksienko Mikhailo (Ukraine), Alexander Fominyh (Russia) M.R. Venkatesh, M.R. Lalith Babu, M. Shyam Sundar, K. Rathnakaran, G. Akash, Kathmale Sameer (all India) at 6 points.While the top board game between Babu and Tiviakov was a relatively quiet draw, in the upset of the day, Chennai-based International Master Karthikeyan brought down Sethuraman.The Slav game saw Sethuraman sacrificing a pawn and going for the initiative. Karthikeyan gave his rook for bishop and kept his chances going. Sethurman pressed for the win, and missed out on tactics as white's queen, knight and bishop battery decided the issue in favour of Karthikeyan.With two Grandmaster Norms to his credit, Karthikeyan should now be eyeing to complete his GM title in his home town Chennai.The results (Indians unless specified):Round 7: M R Lalith Babu 6 drew with Sergei Tiviakov (Ned) 6, Adly Ahmed (Egy) 6.5 bt Ram S Krishnan 5.5, M R Venkatesh 6 drew with Oleksienko Mikhailo (Ukr) 6, P Karthikeyan 6.5 bt SP Sethuraman 5, Lintchevski Daniil (Rus) 5.5 drew with Tania Sachdev 5.5, Mark Paragua (Phi) 5.5 drew with CRG Krishna 5.5, S Nitin 5.5 drew with Marat Dzhumaev (Uzb) 5.5, R Siddharth 5.5 drew with Sahaj Grover 5.5, Nisha Mohota 5 lost to M Shyam Sundar 6, Karthikeyan Murali 5 lost to Alexander Fominyh (Rus) 6, K Rathnakaran 6 bt Sayantan Das 5, Ikeda Junta (Aus) 5.5 bt J Deepan Chakkravarthy 4.5, Rolando Nolte (Phi) 5.5 bt Prince Bajaj 4.5, Sowmya Swaminathan 4.5 lost to Narayanan Srinath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395453", "title": "Not a penny for elephants, parks and statues: Azam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the opposition termed the government's first supplementary budget of Rs 5861.29 crore, which was passed by the Uttar Pradesh Assembly with a voice vote amidst uproar, as nothing but a \"hole on the state exchequer for political purpose of the ruling Samajwadi Party\", parliamentary affairs minister Mohammed Azam Khan rebutted the charges and jokingly remarked saying that \"not a single penny had been allocated for elephant, statues and parks in it\".In the face of boisterous protest by the BSP, which also staged an angry walkout from the House, Azam Khan asserted with confidence that every penny of the budget has been earmarked for development works. \"Let me assure you that we would ensure that even elephants do not dare to devour the fund in the manner they did under the previous BSP government,\" Azam said.In the absence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who also holds the finance portfolio, Azam piloted the supplementary budget proposals which were passed through voice vote.Speaking on the budgetary proposals, leader of opposition and BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya said that the supplementary budget is meant for the political agenda of the ruling Samajwadi Party and this way the government is auctioning the interest of the state for its vested interest. He said, \"There is no need for this budget at a time, when the government already has surplus money and is unable to spend more than 70% part of the general budget of the state approved in the month of July.\"The poor performance of the government, he said, was evident from the fact that chief secretary had only issued warning to all departmental principal secretaries to expedite the sanctions and ensure that they reach the districts. Dwelling on a large number of issues, he said the government is an utter failure on development front and this is clear from the fact that roads remained full of pot holes despite repeated warnings issued by PWD minister. \"Fear of inquiries and departmental actions against engineers had been created deliberately to put the officials under pressure and make them to fall in line for mercenary gains,\" Maurya said. He later led his party members to stage a walkout from the House.BJP legislature party leader Hukum Singh alleged that the supplementary budget is just meant for the development of Saifai, Mainpuri, Etawah and Kannauj, while the other parts of the state were ignored.Hesaid that the name of this budget should have been either a 'Kannauj or Saifai budget' instead of the state supplementary budget. He also sought to know as to why the government is giving Rs 30,000 to Muslim girls, while ignoring the girls of other community.Replying to this, Khan said that the fund has been allocated only for the development works and not for wasteful expenditure like that of statues and parks. As far as Saifai and Kannauj are concerned, he said these areas have been given preferences, because the previous BSP government had ignored these areas in the last five years. The result is that many ongoing schemes had come to a grinding halt and this caused a loss to the state exchequer.Defending the government's decision to give grants to Muslim girls, he said that the answer of this could be found in the Sachhar Committee report, according to which Muslims are even worse than the dalits on various parameters of living standards in term of education, health, employment and social status. He said the opposition must see the positive side of the budget in which farmers, agriculture, health and other development sectors have been given priority in spite of poor resources of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395661", "title": "One of 12 Reebok case accused gets bail", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon court on Tuesday granted bail to Surakshit Bhatt, a co-accused in the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam. While granting bail, the court of Judicial Magistrate (trial) asked Bhatt to produce two sureties and deposit Rs 1 lakh.While hearing the case, the trial court of Sandeep Yadav, JMIC Gurgaon, also directed Bhatt, former sales executive with Reebok, to surrender his passport and even restricted him from entering Reebok office premises to ensure fair investigation. The next hearing in the case has been scheduled for December 7.Bhatt's counsel, Harish Malhotra, said that his client was ready to abide by any condition imposed by the court to grant the bail. \"He said the investigating agency has failed to recover anything from Bhatt during his police custody, nor were they able to establish any kind of bungling,\" he said.Malhotra further said that his client would extend full cooperation to the investigators as and when required and share whatever information he had with him. \"Bhatt will be out on bail on Thursday after his passport is surrendered and other formalities are completed,\" he said.On October 17, the court had rejected Bhatt's bail plea, which he had filed through his counsel, after observing that that bail cannot be granted in a scam of such a magnitude. His counsel had then appealed in the sessions court against the order.Meanwhile, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), the country's corporate fraud investigation body, had arrested 12 accused including two main accused - ex-MD Subhender Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat - in the Reebok India scam. The agency claimed to have found evidence related to falsified documents for sundry debtor charges amounting to Rs 500 crore. The court has already rejected the anticipatory bail application of two main accused Prem and Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396288", "title": "Gujarat Technological University on tech high", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) can now order for their assessed answer sheets to be sent online to them complete with remarks written by the examiner. What's more, the answer sheets will also be mailed to the teachers who can assess them from the comforts of their home and return them within a week.In a major technological overhaul, the GTU authorities will implement 'Project e-assessment' in the university exams to be held for MBA, MCA, ME and MPharm exams to be conducted in December.If all goes well without any major hiccups, the e-assessment will be introduced in undergraduate degree courses in 2013. Examinational controller of GTU, G P Vadodariya said that e-assessment is being implemented to curtail the assessment time of answer sheets of semester exams conducted by the GTU which runs into over two months.\"With e-assessment, we aim to declare the results within a fortnight of conducting the exams\", said Vadodariya.Officials said that the answer sheets will be scanned and mailed to the teachers who will be given specific user name and password. The teachers will assess online and send the answer sheets back to the GTU to prepare the result.Students will also be beneficiaries. \"Currently, students have the option of seeing their assessed answer sheet by making Right to Information (RTI) application. Now, the students will have the option of choosing if they wish their answer sheets to be mailed to them while filling the exam form. If they choose, they will be mailed the assessed answer sheet at a nominal fee of Rs 100-150\", said Vadodariya.The officials said that in India, e-assessment has already been implemented in Vishwesh Technical University in Karnataka.GTU officials visited the university and got a first hand experience of this project where the result is declared within a week's time. The officials said that the pilot test of the e-assessment has been successfully carried out and it will be implemented in the PG courses in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17396698", "title": "Tight vigil during Thiruparankundram deepam", "text": "MADURAI: The 'karthigai deepam' was lit on top of the Thiruparankundram hill amid tight security on Tuesday following the recent recovery of explosives from the area. Security was tightened on top of the hill after a bucket full of explosives, including ammonium nitrate, batteries and detonators was discovered near the shrine, on November 1.Thiruparankundram is the first abode of Lord Murugan and the festival is one of the most important at the shrine. It began with the flag hoisting on November 19. The pattabishekam was performed to the deity on Monday evening; who along with his consort Deivanai was brought in the small diamond car to the 16-pillared hall on Tuesday morning. The deepam was lit in the sanctum sanctorum in the evening after which the 'mahadeepam' was lit on top of the hill.A copper vessel, measuring three-and-a-half feet high and two-and-a-half feet in diameter is carried to the place near the Uchipillaiyar temple on the hill about 150 feet above the shrine and filled with about 300 kg of ghee and a wick made of 150 metres of cloth it is lit using six kg of camphor.However, the Hindu Munnani has been demanding that the lamp is lit on the ancient lamp post near the Kasiviswanathar temple. On Tuesday, 250 Hindu Munnani members including its state president Arasu Raja and state executive member H Adhisheshan were arrested for attempting to proceed to the Kasiviswanathar temple to light the lamp.This ancient lamp post carved of stone is seen on a much higher spot on the hill than the place where the lamp is now lit on behalf of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department. The original spot is now a disputed site as it is situated between the Kasiviswanathar temple and a mosque a few hundred feet away. Speaking to TOI, VHP district president 'Chinmaya' Somasundaram said they have evidence to show that the entire hill of Thiruparankundram, belonged to the Subramaniaswamy temple. \"This has been mentioned in a book titled 'Madura Country a Manuel' by J H Nelson, who was the then collector of Madurai in 1868,\" he said.\"Even during my childhood days, the lamp was lit on this stone pillar near the Kasiviswanathar temple, which has a 10 feet deep hole to hold the ghee for lightening the lamp. Nobody knows why it was changed from there to the spot near the Uchipillayar temple. Maybe it was stopped during the World War II ,\" he said. Somasundaram said that they wanted to revive the ancient traditions and planned to hold talks with the RDO and district authorities and get the nod to light the lamp in the designated site next year.Over 500 police personnel including 50 sub-inspectors, 20 inspectors, DSPs Ravichandran and Purushotham led by superintendent of police V Balakrishnan were pressed into service in view of the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394804", "title": "Ex-air force officer dies as truck knocks down bike", "text": "PUNE: A 67-year-old retired officer of the Indian Air Force died and his friend sustained severe injuries after a speeding truck hit their motorcycle. The incident took place near Kharadi around 11 pm on Monday.The Yerawada police have identified the deceased as Premchand Ramavatar Pasi of Ashoknagar, Kharadi. Suvarnasingh Uppal (61) of Kharadi, also a former Air Force officer, sustained severe injuries in the accident.Truck driver Shahnawaz Sunamshah Sayed (31) of Satara has been arrested for negligent driving.Police said that on Monday afternoon, Pasi and Uppal were heading towards Pune on a motorcycle. Uppal was riding the motorcycle, while Pasi was riding pillion. When they approached Kharadi, a speeding truck knocked their motorcycle down. Pasi and Uppal fell on the road. Local residents rushed the duo to a nearby hospital, where Pasi was declared dead, police said.\"Pasi and Uppal were both wearing helmets,\" a police official said.Before knocking down Uppal's motorcycle, the truck driver had also hit a car. Balaji Narsimhan (26) of Kharadi, who was on his way to Bavdhan with his wife, has lodged a complaint with the Yerawada police station.After the accident an irate mob pelted stones at the truck.Police said that on Monday night, Pasi and his family were going to leave for a pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi. \"The incident took place when Pasi and Uppal were heading towards the military canteen to make some necessary purchases,\" the official said.He said that Pasi had retired as a warrant officer from the air force, while Uppal had retired as an honorary flying officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17395372", "title": "Haryana Public Service Commission suggests reduction in prelims cut-off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC) on Tuesday suggested the reduction of the cut-off marks in the merit list of preliminary examination of Haryana Civil Service (Executive). If the suggestion is accepted, those who have secured 132.06 marks (general category) in the preliminary examinations would also be allowed to appear for the main examination. Earlier the cut-off marks were 134 (general category). Similarly the revised cut-off in SC category is 116.33 which was 120 earlier, in BC category it has been fixed at 130.08 marks which was 133 earlier, in ESM category the suggested cut -off is 109.48 as compared to 113 marks while in physically handicapped category (PH), it has been suggested to revise the cut-off as 121.44, which was 125 marks earlier.A formal statement suggesting the reduced the cut-off was given by the HPSC on Tuesday before Punjab and Haryana high court in response to a case pending on the issue. The commission has taken this decision after it was asked by the HC to give suggestions. After placing the suggestions on record, HC has fixed the case for Thursday.The matter had reached the HC after some petitioners had challenged the action of the HPSC granting marks to the candidates with reference to those wrong questions in the preliminary examination of HCS-2011 examination held on March 25 this year and declaring the its result announced on May 5 to be illegal and to hold a fresh examination. Petitioners were against the decision of commission where grace marks were given to some candidates for wrong answers in the booklet of general studies (compulsory paper) and some optional papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394305", "title": "Bengal, Centre not on same page on Ansari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notwithstanding the Centre's alarm over American Center attack convict Aftab's Ansari's plea seeking 'political prisoner' status, there was no firm commitment from West Bengal government on the MHA's suggestion that it amend the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, to deny 'political prisoner' status to all those linked to outfits banned under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.According to MHA sources, though the state on Tuesday responded to its fresh appeal for amending the state prison law, it only offered regrets for not being able to pass an Ordinance to give immediate effect to the proposed amendment. With the new session of the state assembly due to open on December 7, the state government has now told the Centre that it would \"consider\" bringing a Bill to amend the West Bengal Correctional Services Act to insert a proviso denying the status of political prisoner to members of a proscribed organization.Incidentally, the Centre is not too enthused by Bengal's response as it does not specify the timeframe by which the amendment would be moved.Ansari, a death row convict lodged at Alipore Central Jail, moved the jail authorities recently seeking 'political prisoner' status in view of a similar relief given to seven Maoist prisoners, including Lalgarh leader Chhatradhar Mahato, by the Calcutta High Court. The HC had in an August 8 order conferred political prisoner status on the seven Maoists citing Section 24(3)(vi) of the WB Correctional Services Act, which recognizes any person arrested for an offence committed in furtherance of a political or democratic movement, but free of any personal greed or motive, as a 'political prisoner'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17396054", "title": "Opposition to pay-n-park system at Dajibanpeth", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Shri SSK Panch Trust Shri Durgadevi Devasthan submitted a memorandum to HDMC commissioner YS Patil, urging him not to implement pay and park system at Dajibanpeth in the city on Monday.They asked him to continue the existing parking facility at Dajibanpeth. There are several temples and hospitals situated on the road and a lot of people visit the area every day. Hence pay and park system will cause a lot of inconvenience to people, the members said.Receiving the memorandum by the Trust members, the commissioner assured them that he will take the suitable decision over the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396328", "title": "Unrest at DBS College over exam fee hike", "text": "KANPUR: The protest lodged by students against examination fee hike nearly a week back continued in the city on Tuesday. This time, students of Dayanand Brajendra Swaroop (DBS) College forced closure of their institution and gheraoed the principal demanding rollback of the hiked examination fee.The agitating students ransacked the college furniture and entered into altercation with the college staff. The students also raised anti-university slogans and vowed to continue their protest till the time the fee hike was rolled back. This led to panic on the college premises and girl students rushed for cover.The students thereafter, blocked the vehicular movement on the road outside the college and sat on dharna at the college gate. The students were checked by cops at the spot and asked not to take law in their hands.The college authorities apprised students that the decision of hike in examination fee had been taken by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University and they were only following the decision. The college staff and cops pushed students out of the college premises and locked the gate to avoid loss to the college property.After creating ruckus the students left the place to meet Vice Chancellor Prof Ashok Saxena. According to reports, the students moved from one degree college to the other as they did on Monday to enforce closure. The agitated students said the financially weak students were not in a position to pay the higher fee.Vice Chancellor on the other hand remained firm on the university's decision and added that the fee had been hiked as per the rules and there was nothing wrong about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396290", "title": "Register your shops online", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the purpose of registration of shops and establishments with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) the civic body has devised an easy way. The new forms can be downloaded from the website. The AMC will also consider cases where shops which are operational but have not been registered with the civic body. But before one applies for registration, the AMC has asked citizens to get basic proofs. The requirement of a property tax bill of the shop is a must. If the property is on rent, than a copy of the rent agreement needs to be affixed with the application and if the shop is owned by the businessman, then a copy of the property papers is needed.The AMC has also claimed in the notification that even power of attorney or sale deed copy would do if the ownership papers of the property is not available with the applicant. The AMC has made it mandatory for the applicant to get a photo identification issued.by any government office, state or central, for verification.\"A PAN card is preferable as it is a proof of a tax paying individual. The applicant can approach the nearest city civic center for filing the application,\" says a senior AMC officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17397863", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's family members summoned by court", "text": "A metropolitan court on Tuesday asked family members of Rajesh Khanna to appear before it in connection with a complaint filed against them by a woman claiming to be his live-in partner and seeking maintenance from the estate of the late actor.Magistrate S S Deshpande, hearing the complaint filed by Anita Advani under the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, suggested both the sides to settle the matter amicably and said if they agree he would refer the case to a mediator the same day.The court asked Khanna's actress wife Dimple Kapadia , daughters Twinkle and Rinki, and son-in-law Akshay Kumar to appear before him \"without fail\" on December 4 to give their views on arriving at a settlement, if they so desired.The magistrate further said that if the parties did not agree to a settlement, he would hear the matter and dispose it of in a month.In her petition, Anita Advani has accused Khanna's family of having evicted her from his bungalow, thereby attracting provisions of the Domestic Violence Act.Advani has prayed that she be granted protection under the Domestic Violence Act, allowed access to 'Ashirwad', the actor`s bungalow in Bandra where she claimed to have lived with Khanna since 2003.In her petition, she has alleged that after Khanna passed away in July this year, his family members evicted her thereby committing an offence under the Domestic Violence Act.Advani has also challenged the will purported to have been executed by the actor before his death. According to her, he had not left behind any will and that a will was forged by his family. She has alleged that the actor`s family had obtained his thumb impression on the will when he was critically ill and not capable of understanding anything.The complainant has claimed monetary relief in the form of maintenance from the estate of Rajesh Khanna.Advani claimed that she lived with the actor in the \"shared household\" (defined under the Domestic Violence Act as a place where a man and woman live as husband and wife)and hence was entitled to maintenance to support herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397082", "title": "Huge cache of ammo found in Hazaribag forest", "text": "RANCHI: Security personnel on Tuesday recovered a huge cache of ammunition containing rocket launchers, rifles and more than 100 grenades from Chapri forest in Giddi of Hazaribag district.This is the second big seizure of arms and ammunition in the district in the past three months. On August 29, police had recovered US-made rifle, Italian pistol and UK-manufactured bulletproof jacket from arms supplier Prafulla Malakar and Maoist zonal commander Anil Yadav. The recovery was made at the Silodar forest on the borders of Barachatti police station of Gaya (Bihar) and Chouparan police station (Jharkhand) during an operation.Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik confirmed the seizure. \"We have got a tip-off that a huge quantity of weapons has been kept buried at a place in Chapri forest. An operation was launched in the area and we recovered the cache. Our men also recovered around 5,000 live and used cartridges of rifles and over 100 grenades,\" the SP said adding that police were still counting the cartridges and the exact number could be ascertained after the counting is over.\"The ammunition for rocket launchers is of mix size. Till now, we have recovered around 15 big size rocket launchers,\" he added.However, the SP was not able to confirm how such huge quantity of ammunition reached there. \"We are exploring all possibilities including the involvement of CPI (Maoist) or its splinter groups. It would not be correct to jump to any conclusion at the moment,\" the SP said. No person has been arrested or detained in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17393791", "title": "Ummareddi meets Jagan in jail, likely to join YSR Congress party", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former union minister Ummareddi Venkateshwarlu who had kept a distance from the Telugu Desam Party in the last several months turned up at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda on Tuesday and met YSR CP leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy with a motive of joining the party. \"I am practically irritated with the functioning of the TDP. The party is no longer like the one that N T Rama Rao had started. That is why I kept my distance from it without renewing my membership since February this year. I have decided to join the YSR CP,\" Ummareddi told reporters afterUmmareddi said the schemes that former CM YSR Reddy introduced for the benefit of the people had been impressive. \"Jaganmohan Reddy is also keen like his father to work for the welfare of the people. I will join the YSR CP very soon,\" he said. Vaddepalli Narsing Rao, a Congress leader from Kukatpally also met Jagan and announced that he too would be joining the YSR CP soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395593", "title": "Archaeological Society of India visits Lucknow University, inspects Lal Baradari, Machli Dwar", "text": "LUCKNOW: A team of officials from Archaeological Society of India along with Lucknow University vice-chancellor GB Patnaik and registrar JB Singh carried out inspection of university's Lal Baradari and the northern gate, popularly known as Machli Dwar on Tuesday.The university's Lal Baradari, where presently staff club exists, is over 100-year-old, and was developed by the nawabs. Till few years before, this building also housed UCO bank , which was subsequently closed following dilapidated condition of the building. There also exists a mosque, which was shut after its roof was damaged few years ago. At present, this building houses the Arts Canteen and staff club which is used by the teachers to relax and discuss various issues.The ASI officials after taking a round of these two places of high importance concluded that restoration is still possible and that these buildings can still be maintained. University officials said that a preliminary report will be prepared within a week on the basis of which the university will seek financial assistance from the Centre. \"We will send the proposal soon,\" said an official. Besides, the university's northern gate, which is considered pious for the institution will also be restored.Last week, a team of officials from National Research Laboratory for Conservation of Cultural Property visited the Art Gallery of the Tagore library. The officials have shown their desire to preserve the gallery. The proposal for this may also be send soon by the university officials.Senior teachers suggested that the university can think of converting the Lal Baradari into an open theatre where the students can organise various activities.Apart from this, beautification of the Tagore library is also on cards. The VC on Tuesday also took note of the poor condition of the library and issued directions in this regard.There is also a proposal of a wood bridge to be constructed on this water course. LU also plans to open a modernised gymnasium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395409", "title": "Roadways to deploy traffic inspectors on 12 bus routes", "text": "GURGAON: Apart from introducing new routes. Haryana Roadways plans to make the service more efficient.In order to keep tabs on the functioning of the city bus services, Haryana Roadways has decided to deploy two traffic inspectors at each of the starting and destination point of the 12 bus routes. Officials said they were receiving various complaints of irregularities in the service.A meeting in this regard was held on Wednesday which was attended by the roadways general manager, Yashender Singh, and inspectors. Singh said 40 inspectors would be deployed for this purpose. Their job will be to keep tabs on the routes. A formatted form has been given to them where they will have to mark which driver missed how many trips. Delay in completing trips will also be mentioned, added Singh.Sources said in the absence of any system of checks and balances, many drivers were skipping their duties. Complaints of irregular frequency are the most common ones.At present, as many as 80 buses are running in double shifts from 6am to 11pm on 12 routes. The roadways department has planned to increase the bus fleet to 150 by March next year and introduce many more routes in the city bus service.Schools told to abide by HC order on busesIn view of the forthcoming foggy weather, the district administration has directed the school authorities to implement Punjab and Haryana high court's directives regarding plying of school buses.Traffic police and the transport department will carry out the challan drive in this regard. The school authorities have been also been asked to file an affidavit within 15 days to the administration mentioning compliance to the guidelines as well as steps taken by them.Deputy commissioner P C Meena warned that strict action would be taken against the school owners and the principals if they do not follow the norms.It was added that the administration has come to know that a number of school buses were plying in violation of the Motor Vehicles Act and directions issued by the Supreme Court and the high court.A list of 20 points had been given to all schools for compliance. Schools have been asked to install speed governors in school buses not exceeding the speed limit of 50 kmph, depute an escort, preferably a teacher in each school bus, display of route chart and do not overload among others.The high court directives also state that the onus of implementing its directives pertaining to the plying of school buses will lie on the owner of the bus and the school authorities.Meena said, \"The directives have been issued keeping in view the winter season. Fog was witnessed earlier this month and is expected to return very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396327", "title": "Ruffians storm train", "text": "KANPUR: A group of boys and girls returning to Kanpur from the state capital by Memu train were attacked and teased by a group of hooligans. The coach they were travelling in was attacked with leather belts and sticks by over 10 miscreants twice before it reached Kanpur Central. The injured students were identified as Sudhir, Rishabh and Kamlesh, who suffered serious injuries in the attack. GRP police said no FIR had been lodged by the victims in this connection.The incident took place between Amausi and Harauni railway stations. Students said it started after their train started moving from Manaknagar railway station at around 2.30 p.m. and a few local youths wanted to travel with the girl students. Ganesh, one of the passengers on the train said, \"We were sitting on the seat opposite a group of boys and girls. At Manaknagar station, some youths in school uniform got into our coach and asked the boys to get up that they could sit with the girls. They also started passing lewd remarks and making obscene gestures.\"When the boys resisted, the miscreants thrashed the boys with leather belts and sticks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395274", "title": "Lokayukta raps parties over hoardings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of hoardings, posters and boards bearing larger than life images of politicians around the city, Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin has issued notices to the Delhi chief electoral officer and state presidents of Congress and BJP to develop a consensus on how the misuse of public space and violation of the anti-defacement law can be stopped.The Lokayukta points out that these hoardings, posters and boards violate The Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, and The Delhi Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 2007. A copy of the outdoor advertisement policy as framed by erstwhile MCD has also been sent along with the notices.\"Putting up of huge photographs and posters of political leaders, legislators and councilors on the smallest occasion or pretext had become a frequent site in Delhi,\" the Lokayukta observes.Lokayukta issued the notices after a complainant brought to the fore how Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta had put signboards, posters and hoardings bearing his pictures without permission from the MCD or PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395561", "title": "Rainwater harvesting units in Nathupur", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA is constructing four rainwater harvesting structures in Nathupur village. The site planning has been completed and designs were approved recently.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , said: \"The four sites have been identified after carrying out the rainwater collection pattern in the village. The estimates for the construction of rainwater harvesting structures will be made next month.\" ,The administrator said that the designs for the structures have been finalized after consulting experts of both the state government and %industry.\"I have placed emphasis on the long-term durability of the structure and the cost factor. The structures have been made with the next 10 or 20 years in mind,\" said Kumar. HUDA had aimed to %construct over 300 rainwater harvesting structures in the city, including the area falling in village land. Another senior HUDA official said that in many villages the rainwater collection was higher than in urban areas. \"Nathupur is one such village where rainwater harvesting structures were needed to recharge %the groundwater table,\" said the official.The local villagers have welcomed HUDA's initiative and have pledged their support. On the rainwater structures in other HUDA sectors, the administrator said: \"The structures have been completed in many sectors and it would take some time to complete the entire project,\" said Kumar. He said that the engineers have been told to mark the area with specific coordinates on the maps of each sector in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395663", "title": "Ardee City execs get 2-year jail", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Tuesday sentenced three executives of construction company Ardee City, including a director, Shaifali Verma, to two years in jail and a fine of Rs 10, 000 fine was imposed on each of them after they were held guilty in a bribery case on Monday. However, all the accused were later granted bail.A city court on Monday held all three of them guilty in a 2009 bribery case. According to officials, the case dates back to September 2009 where there was some land dispute after the company took some land from local villagers. The accused were identified as Shaifali Verma, holding the post of director in the company; her estranged husband Tarakeshwar; and the latter's manager, Manoj Pandey.On Monday, the city court found them guilty in the case and they were sent in judicial custody.On Tuesday, all three accused were produced in the court of S K Khanduja, additional sessions judge.After the verdict was pronounced, the counsels of the accused argued for bail.\"The court has granted them bail on different grounds of plea for each of the three accused. The main accused, Shaifali Verma, made a plea through her counsel that she had two children, who are minors and need her to look after them. Tarakeshwar, the divorced husband of Shaifali, took the plea of having to take care of his daughter by his first wife. The third accused, Manoj Pandey, told the court through his counsel that he was a patient of cancer. After this the court granted them bail for the next appeal,\" advocate S P Siwach, public prosecutor, told TOI.Later, a top vigilance official told TOI that the company had acquired land by making false affidavits in the names of villagers who were later found to be dead. When the vigilance department took up the case, Manoj Pandey was sent by the main accused to the then DSP Vigilance, Krishna Murari, to pay him a bribe of Rs 1.50 lakh. Krishna Murari, who is now DCP (Traffic) Faridaband, had immediately arrested Manoj Pandey and a case was initiated against the other two accused. Manoj got out of jail two months after his arrest while the other two accused had got anticipatory bail from the court.\"If a person is sentenced to less than three years' imprisonment, the trial court has right to accept their bail application till the next appeal. The convict will then have to appeal in the higher court within the following two months. If they fail to do so, they will be sent in judicial custody,\" a senior advocate said.When contacted, Shaifali Verma's counsel, advocate S S Chauhan, told TOI that they would appeal against the order in the high court in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17396993", "title": "Blame traffic, not our drivers: Owners", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the police decided to act tough against private bus drivers, the private bus owners have come to their defence and claimed that their drivers have become a disciplined lot. Surprisingly, they have blamed other motorists on city roads for accidents involving private buses.\"Many cars and bikes overtake from the left side which is causing accidents. Authorities are not taking any action to control them,\" said K A Makkarkunju, president, Private Bus Operators Association. \"We are very particular in reducing the number of accidents involving private buses,\" he said.Makkarkunju said that the association had given guidelines to bus workers to ensure that they abide by the law. \"We have asked bus workers not to provide space on the left so as to prevent other vehicles from overtaking from that side. Yet, it happens occasionally,\" Makkarkunju said. \"We have also given strict directions to our employees not to behave rudely to passengers,\" he said. Traffic snarls in the city were also responsible for causing accidents, he said.Traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafiq said private bus drivers never had to pay the fine for their offences as bus owners shell out money. \"This practice should be stopped. Drivers should be made to pay the fine from their pocket,\" the officer said. Edappally traffic assistant commissioner K S Baby Vinod said that bus owners go to any extent to help drivers as there was a shortage of bus drivers, and employees were pampered to ensure that they come for duty regularly.The bus owners also admitted to funding workers who were caught by the law. \"The bus worker who commits the violation will not have to pay the penalty. It goes from the owners' pocket. If we ask them to pay, they won't turn up for work the next day. Given the shortage of workers, we have no other choice but to pay from our pocket,'' said M B Sathyan, secretary, PBOA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17396035", "title": "30 years on, potholed roads still dot Thimmasagar", "text": "HUBLI: For the residents of Thimmasagar in Vidyanagar, the wait to see good roads in their area seems to be endless.They have been knocking on the doors of various departments concerned to get their main roads and interior roads repaired for the past 30 years. However, the unmotorable and potholed roads still remain the same.The condition of four interior roads and two main roads which connect to Pune-Bangalore road is pathetic. During monsoon, these roads turn into pool of woes while billows of dust emanate from them on dry days. The area falls under ward no 35.S V Gali, a retired government employee and a resident of the area, who was in the forefront of the agitation since 30 years, died of illness recently. Residents are now up in arms to take on the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation officials in protest against their alleged lackadaisical attitude.M C Sindhur, doctor and secretary of Thimmasagar Colony Welfare Association, said the roads were repaired about 30 years ago. \"The corporation, which is keen on collecting tax from people, is turning a blind eye towards the long-pending demand,\" he rued.\"We held a series of protests and submitted hundreds of memorandums urging the corporation to repair the roads, but in vain. Our layout was developed in 1970 and the main road was tarred may be in 1972,\" Shivashankar Ambli, an advocate, said.M B Patil, HDMC PWD executive engineer said, \"We are aware of this problem. There are plans to develop most of the roads in the city, including those in Thimmasagar, under the Rs 200-crore project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395575", "title": "Corporation to resume work on civic projects stalled by rains", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai has decided to resume all civic works that were put on hold because of the rains. \"It's difficult to wait until the monsoon is over. We will start the works in a few days and continue even if it rains again,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan on Tuesday.Major civic works, including the Chennai Mega City Development Mission, storm water drain project and road relaying, had been delayed. \"We plan to complete the storm water drain works before June next year. Of the 1,200 interior roads, nearly 400 have already been completed. Work under mega city development mission is also progressing well,\" said Karthikeyan.The commissioner added that patch-up of roads damaged in the few spells of rain had been taken up at an estimated 12.9 crore and an additional 2.19 crore was spent for patching up damaged roads with a wet mix.The complaint cell has received hundreds of petitions about the civic body's projects. The first phase of the mega city development mission was to be completed before September but officials say only 65% is complete. A total of 366 crore has already been allotted for phase 2.A senior official said: \"The delay in completing the civic works will place a burden on the corporation. The prices of construction material, including sand, gravel, cement and steel, are increasing every month. Several other issues, including elections, rains, metro rail works, non-permission from traffic police, were also affecting the works\"Officials said encroachments upon roads and lack of coordination among the civic agencies were also hampering civic works.Separately, less than 50% of storm water drain work taken up under the Centre's flagship Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) have been completed. The civic body has sought an additional 28 crore, citing an increase in the construction costs. Initially, 1,447.91 crore was sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394419", "title": "A big step for India in motorsports", "text": "NEW DELHI: The news that the GT1 World championship race had been cancelled would've been met with much disappointment but the cancellation has made great things possible for Indian motorsports.For the first time in a long time, JK Tyres and MRF Tyres, two names that have been on opposing ends of the spectrum that is Indian motorsports, have come together under one umbrella to be a part of a festival of speed at the BIC. The SIDVIN Festival of Speed seeks to recreate the glory of Sholavaram.\"Outside of F1, in India, this is the best. We don't possess the technical knowhow but the race craft that's been the trademark of Indian drivers will be on display here,\" JK Tyre head of motorsports Sanjay Sharma said.For Indian drivers, the coming weekend will be a massive learning experience. Used to driving at the 3.717 kilometre long Irungattukottai Race Track , the 5.14 km long will be a new experience for the young drivers. \"We couldn't afford it on our own but we presented it as a package along with all these other races, it definitely found takers,\" Sharma said.Yohann Setna, sporting manager, JA Motorsport, feels the coming together of the two entities is good news for Indian motorsports but it still is pretty much a temporary truce.\"We have an open mind and when the offer was made to us we were interested. It's great for the sport to be able to put together something like this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396449", "title": "As western disturbance hits, nip will change to bite", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get your woollens out if you haven't already. With western disturbances set to bring with it cloud cover and the possibility of rain, the coming week promises to be chilly. Both the Chandigarh and the Indian Meteorological Centre have predicted partly cloudy sky with the possibility of thunder from Wednesday.The IMD forecast even predicts light rain on Thursday with both minimum and maximum temperature dropping a few notches. Chandigarh met director Surender Paul said, \"It is going to remain dry for the next 24 to 36 hours, after which there are chances of clouds due to western disturbances. There can also be light rain in the wake of snow in the upper regions of the Himalayas.\"The mercury has plummeted over the last six to eight days. While maximum temperature stood at 26.3 degrees celsius on November 19, it was recorded at 24.4 on November 27. Minimum temperature was nearly 10 degrees on November 19 and 9.5 degrees C on November 27. With western disturbances hitting the city, minimum temperature dropped further to 8.6 degrees C on November 25. As per the met department website, maximum temperature on Tuesday was below normal by one degree while minimum temperature was above normal also by one degree.On Wednesday, maximum temperature is estimated to be around 24 degrees C while the minimum temperature is expected to be close to 10 degrees. The sky will be partly cloudy with the possibility of mist or haze in the morning and evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396161", "title": "Runaway bride: From mandap to exam hall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a sight to behold as Minakshi Sawant rushed into the exam hall at MG Science College in all her bridal finery on Tuesday afternoon. This external student wishes to become a psychologist and thus, dashed from her wedding mandap to the examination hall to fulfill the same by appearing for her BA second year exam.\"My marriage was solemnized at 1pm in Bapunagar and I rushed to the exam center in Khanpur for the exam scheduled at 2.30pm. I have already appeared for the first exam. This is the second paper,\" said Sawant, who was the cynosure of all eyes as her bridal bangles clinked while she wrote the paper.Sawant emerged as an inspiration for many as a lot of girls put their dreams on hold once their marriage gets fixed. She was clear that she wanted the best of both worlds. \"I have been preparing for this exam for a whole year. Since I knew the exam would clash with my wedding date, I worked extra hard. My husband, a graphic designer by profession, wants me to chase my dreams\", said the middle class girl who wants to complete her masters in clinical psychology so that she can practice as one soon.According to Sawant, marriage and exams are both tests in a person's life and she wishes to pass both with flying colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "17396618", "title": "President: Once a teacher, always a teacher", "text": "DUGRI: As President Pranab Mukherjee took the dais at Sat Paul Mittal School, teachers and around 1,000 students sat rivetted, straining to hear the words of the president going down memory lane.Mukherjee unveiled the foundation stone of the Sat Paul Mittal auditorium and talked about his association with the school founder Sat Paul Mittal. \"I came into politics unintentionally while I started my career as a teacher. As the saying goes, 'once a teacher always a teacher.' Whenever I am amid students, I feel happy and content,\" he said. The president also underlined the role of teachers in the development of students, advising them teach with a personal touch. As the day progressed, the president had an interactive session with seven school students. Being face to face with one of the best-known personalities in Indian politics was a memorable experience for 17-year-old Rijul Arora, \"It is not something I will forget easily. I got to meet the President at a young age. The concluding bits of his speech were most inspiring.\"For 11-year-old Hasrat Kaur, seeing the president in real life was all the motivation she would need. \"Although I did not have a direct interaction with the president, but after this visit I can say I met him,\" she gushed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395346", "title": "Delhi tops list of cities for cases under IT Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has quietly become the city that has lodged the maximum number of cases under the stringent IT Act in the country.\"We have seen a spurt in cyber crimes. While some of the complaints are innocent like posting a negative comment in one's profile, we are also receiving cases of stolen identity and fake profiles. Husbands who believed their wives were cheating on them have gone to the extent of sharing 'superimposed' photos by hacking into their wives' email accounts,'' said a source.Political leaders have not been spared. At least three heavyweights, including National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, have seen their fake Twitter accounts being created. No wonder then that from a modest two cases in 2010, cases registered under various sections of the stringent IT Act rose to 39 in 2011 in the capital. This year, already 37 cases have been registered by the cyber cell of Economic Offences Wing of crime branch.The cops, however, clarified that they have not come across any case in which they had had to arrest a person for breach of peace in the city.Investigators say merely registering a case does not ensure justice. \"In the West, security agencies are taking to ethical hacking to solve decade-old criminal cases. Some agencies are even trying to hack the security network of another country. But in a country like India, which claims it has an eminent space in IT, it takes years to locate a man behind a fake profile,'' said a police officer.Even institutions are being targeted. \"In the middle of this year, the official webpage of Delhi University's (DU) English department was hacked by a Pakistan-based group. If you look at official estimates, hacking in India is now done like never before,\" said a hacker who claimed it's time ethical hacking was taken seriously.\"When arrested Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) commander Syed Zabiuddin Ansari admits that he was operating nine e-mail accounts post 26/11 attacks or when Indian Mujahideen claims it used drafts in their email accounts to continue their conversation, the enormity of the problem hits us,'' said an officer in the Special cell.Cops now want special classes, in line with those that have been devised in Mumbai, to reach out to school and college students and teach them how to use the internet safely. \"This is now a part of life, and unless one is educated, they can see these great tools of communication being misused,'' said a crime branch officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395232", "title": "With deadline ticking, kin of hostage sailors sit on dharna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Meerut-based Saurab Kumar had planned his career early in his life. At 23, he had decided to train at a ship for 18 months, pursue a course in the capital to qualify as a third officer, and continue the cycle till he reached the top of the hierarchy. Things, however, didn't work as planned and now, nine months after his maiden voyage, Saurab's family just wants him home.Saurab is one of the 17 Indian sailors on the chemical tanker MV Royal Grace, which was held hostage by Somali pirates off Oman on March 2 this year while it was on its way to Nigeria from a port in Sharjah. Those on board include three Nigerians, one Pakistani, and one Bangladeshi crew member.\"I haven't spoken to my son since he left. He called my daughter to inform about the hijack, but asked her not to tell me as I would get worried,\" says Saurab's mother, Mehendri Devi. \"I don't know when Diwali came and went; there wasn't a single lit candle at home. I'll celebrate only when my son returns home,\" she says.The International Maritime Bureau had recently concluded that attacks involving Somali pirates were the lowest this year since 2009; and from January to September the attacks fell to 70 from 199 in the same period last year. This, however, is no consolation for the families of Indian sailors who are desperate to see their loved ones back. They're in the city, sitting in dharna outside the ministry of shipping, vowing to stay until the authorities take action and bring the sailors back.The November 30 deadline - set by the pirates for the $2 million ransom - has only strengthened their resolve. \"I spoke to my son for barely two minutes and he only cried,\" says Mehtab, speaking of her 27-year-old son Shahid Babu, a cook on the ship. Several health issues cropped up in the family since his capture - his two sons developed jaundice, the younger one had kidney stones, his sister requires an appendix operation, and his wife developed migraine - and Mehtab's says it's difficult to manage all this on their limited income. Their family business of buying and selling shoes gives a meagre profit of Rs 100 each day.Since the capture of these sailors, Delhi has become a second home to their families as running from one ministry to another has become a way of life for them. \"I've come to the city 25 or 30 times, met officials in different departments, but it's of no use. They just tell us to wait, but don't give us a timeline,\" says Rajesh Kumar from Punjab, whose 23-year-old brother Rakesh is a junior electrical officer in the ship.In his last call to Rajesh, about three months ago, Rakesh had told him he wouldn't last long. \"They're asked to sit at one spot on the ship all day; it is a mental torture,\" he says, adding that his mother is alone at home and he has to give her false assuranceseach time he visits her\" he says.But in actuality, none of them has a clue of if or when their family members return. \"I'm losing hope. I don't know if we will ever meet him,\" says Mehtab. \"They say our children will return soon, but what does soon mean?\" asks Mehendri. Despite diabetes induced stiff left leg, which she says feels like \"chaaku ki dhaar\", she walks to and from a temple in her city everyday - a trip that takes three hours. \"Only god's grace can help,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17394231", "title": "Slow turner awaits England at Eden Gardens", "text": "KOLKATA: As the dust settles on Wankhede Stadium's 22-yard strip, where a shameful chapter in Indian cricket now lies buried under its red soil, the focus shifts to the Eden Gardens.With the unrepentant MS Dhoni convinced that the road to salvation lies in torturous turns on a treacherous surface, there is considerable pressure on the local curator to produce the kind of surface that would ease the creases on the Indian captain's forehead and put a smile back on his face.However, no matter how hard Eden curator Prabir Mukherjee tries to please the Indian captain, it is virtually impossible for his ground staff to come up with the kind of made-to-order playing surface that Dhoni has been demanding to turn Team India's fortunes.Unless grossly under-prepared, pitches in the sub-continent rarely afford sharp turn on Day One of a Test match.With International Cricket Council (ICC) hawks these days closely monitoring playing surfaces all over the world, no curator, or hosting association, will risk preparing a rank turner lest match officials deem it \"unfit\" for play.After Delhi's Ferozeshah Kotla was banned by the ICC for 12 months in 2009 for dishing out such a surface in an ODI against Sri Lanka , it is unlikely that the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) bosses will let patriotism cloud pragmatism.After all, the CAB is slated to host a money-spinning ODI against Pakistan (January 3) less than a month after the last ball is bowled in the third Test here.To be fair to Mukherjee though, there is very little he can do at this stage of pitch preparation. Eden Gardens has hosted two Ranji matches so far this season, and both have resulted in draws.Bengal's superior pace attack had prompted the team's think tank to opt for a greenish track on both occasions, but it played slow and low. No surprises there because even in the heat of April and May, Eden pitches had behaved no differently during IPL 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396181", "title": "Model medical/engineering entrance test on Dec 2", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Pearson Education Services, in association with The Times of India, is conducting a model medical/engineering entrance examination on December 2. Plus One/XI and Plus Two students /XII can appear for the exam.Medical and Engineering aspirants will have two separate exams and the student has to select one specific stream.The examination is meant to familiarize young aspirants with the latest pattern of questions and make them confident of competing at the national level.Students who take the examination will get a free copy of \"Entrance Made Easy\", a guide for entrance preparation.Students will be provided a detailed performance analysis report two weeks after the exam.On the exam day an orientation workshop is also organized for students and their parents.Interested students can register at the following Pearson Education Centres. Registration fee is Rs 100.Thiruvananthapuram: Near Muthoot Plaza, Punnen Road Ph: 99958 66412, Kattakada: Above KSFE, Near KSRTC stand Ph: 95678 64614, Kazhakkuttom: Near Women's ITI, Market Road Ph: 99958 66431, Attingal: 2 Floor, RNP Building, Main Road Ph: 98461 15507, Kollam: SN College Jn. Ph: 99958 66424, Ayur: Near Dist Co-operative Bank, M C Rd. Ph: 94474 04910, Kottarakkara: Behind KSRTC garage Ph: 99958 66436, Karunagapally: Near BSNL office, Govt. Hospital Jn. Ph: 99958 66423.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395743", "title": "Ex-junior pontiff stakes claim to adheenam post", "text": "CHENNAI: An estranged junior pontiff of the renowned Thiruvaduthurai adheenam in Nagapattinam district has approached the Madras high court seeking to be appointed its head. The new row involving an adheenam, a Shaivite mutt, in the state has erupted even as the controversy surrounding the Madurai adheenam is still fresh in public memory.The head of Thiruvaduthurai adheenam, Sivaprakasa Pandara Sannadhi, died on November 21 and the Hindu religious and charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department appointed Meenakshisundara Thambiran as his successor immediately.Assailing the appointment and terming it as autocratic, a former junior pontiff of the adheenam, Kasiviswanatha Pandara Sannadhi, has filed a petition in the court.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, before whom the matter came up for admission on Tuesday, ordered notices to the government, seeking a reply in eight weeks.Kasiviswanatha Pandara Sannadhi created a furore in spiritual circles in the state in 2002 when a criminal case was registered against him for allegedly trying to poison the senior pontiff. He was found guilty by trial courts, but the high court acquitted him of all charges on August 1, 2011.In his petition, Kasiviswanatha said the case was foisted on him following a conspiracy by vested interests in the adheenam, who did not want him to succeed Sivaprakasa as its head.Noting that he had submitted a representation to the HR&CE; authorities a day before the death of the senior pontiff, requesting them to prevent any illegal appointment to the adheenam, Kasiviswathana said his requests went in vain as the authorities had chosen Meenakshisundara Thambiran as the successor in an 'autocratic manner.'The authorities had failed to exercise the power of inquiry as contemplated under Section 60 of the HR&CE; Act, he said, adding that they also failed to consider the deposition of the senior pontiff. Having joined the adheenam at the age of 17 years, he said he was chosen as successor by the senior pontiff himself. He wanted the nomination of Meenakshisundara Thambiran to be quashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395736", "title": "Plea in MMTC cheating case dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: A special court for CBI cases on Tuesday dismissed a petition seeking the court's direction to release cash and gold, passport and de-freeze bank accounts in a case related to irregularities worth 89.6 crore in the Minerals and Metals Trading Corporation of India (MMTC).Principal special judge L Yousuf Ali said that as the investigation was at an early stage, the court could not consider the petitioner's prayer as the exact loss to the exchequer could be arrived only at the end of the probe. The petition was filed by Surana Corporation Limited managing director Vijay Raj.On November 22, the court allowed five days of police custody to question V Gurumurthy, the former general manager (Finance and Accounts), MMTC, for his alleged involvement. According to CBI, between 2007 and 2009, S Gurusamy, former MMTC chief general manager (south zone), Gurumurthy, and other officials entered into a criminal conspiracy with Surana Corporation Limited to cheat MMTC in bullion trading. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396431", "title": "Prakash Utsav celebrations begin", "text": "The celebrations for the 543rd Prakash Utsav of Guru Nanakdev started at Gurubagh area on Tuesday. The celebrations will continue till Wednesday by various religious rituals, kirtan, and mass feast to mark the festival.Law Day: Law School, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority, Varanasi observed Law Day by holding a series of discussion in the faculty premises in BHU on Monday.Lecture: Jnana Pravaha, centre for Cultural Studies and Research organised 8th James Princep Memorial lecture on 'Religious Inspiration and Artistic Activities as Reflected in the Terracota Art of Buddhist Stupa at Mirpurkhas' at Samne ghat area on Tuesday.Exhibition: An exhibition of drawings on line, sound and meditation called 'Reverberations' was inaugurated at faculty of Visual Arts, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Tuesday. The exhibition will continue till December 03.Counselling: The admission counselling for BEd 2013 of Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) is commencing from December 04 at IGNOU regional centre, Gandhi Bhawan, BHU.Examination: The term end examination for December 2012 of Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) is going to commence from December 01 and will conclude on January 02 2013.NASI annual session from Nov 29: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to organise the three-day 82nd annual session of the National Academy of Sciences, India (NASI) from November 29 to December 1.Talking to reporters on Tuesday, the organising secretary MK Thakur said that a symposium on 'nano-science and technology for mankind' would be held during the session. Over 60 scholars from across the country and abroad would take part in the programme.The inaugural function would be followed by the symposium in several sessions on different topics. A children science meet would also be organised on the concluding day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17396493", "title": "External affairs ministry to locate missing Bihar Haj pilgrims", "text": "GAYA: The task of locating the nine missing Haj pilgrims (as per preliminary reports, the number of missing pilgrims was given as eight) will now be entrusted to the external affairs ministry. With the state Haj Committee completely in the dark, the whereabouts of the nine pilgrims, who did not come back till the last day of return journey on November 26, 2012, the ball has now been thrown in the Centre's court.Confirming the missing status of the pilgrims, State Haj Committee chairman Anisur Rahman Qasmi told TOI on Tuesday afternoon that he will be writing to the Central Haj Committee giving full particulars about the missing pilgrims, with a request to get the pilgrims located by External Affairs ministry employees deputed in Saudi Arabia . The pilgrims, may have voluntarily stayed back without giving prior information, said Qasmi.Ironically, a fleet of nearly two dozen state government employees accompanied the pilgrims at state cost to look after the convenience of the pilgrims and provide them prompt assistance in times of need. But the government employees called 'Khadimul Hujjaj' (servants of the pilgrims), too have no clue about the missing pilgrims and axe may fall on these employees for apparent dereliction of duty.Six of the nine missing pilgrims are women. The missing pilgrims, as per Haj Committee sources have been identified as Farhat, Shahnaz Bibi, Zeenat Perween, Lutfullah, Sitara Begum, Maqbool Hussain, Mobaiyya Khatoon, Ainul Hasan and Saira.The eight pilgrims who died during the six weeks long pilgrimage are Haroon Rashid, Md. Ibrahim, Abdul Sattar, Chand Ansari, Abdul Jabbar, Jamila Khatoon and SM Fasih Ahmad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394327", "title": "Mega lok adalat may take up lakhs of cases", "text": "INDORE: Aimed at ensuring speedy and cost effective justice, the Madhya Pradesh High Court is organizing a mega Lok Adalat in all the districts and tehsils of the state on December 15. Lakhs of cases are expected to be redressed on the basis of mutual consensus at the one-day mega lok adalat.Executive chairman of Madhya Pradesh State Legal Authority, Justice K K Lahoti said, \"A large number of cases will be resolved with mutual consensus at the lok adalat. We want to resolve maximum cases so that people can devote more time to work and not get held up in litigation tangles.\" He added that if cases can be resolved at the initial level with mutual consent then it saves much time and money. It will ensure speedy and cost effective justice.He said this year the focus of lok adalat will be on small issues that affect the life of the common man. \"Large number of cases related to education like scholarship etc have piled up and will be taken seriously this time. In addition to this, cases related to labour department, women and weaker section, execution of maintenance in divorce cases will be on focus,\" said Justice Lahoti. He further said cases related to non-payment under MNERGA will also be taken up.Justice Lahoti said last year round 18.62 lakh cases were listed with the mega lok adalat out of which nearly 13.57 lakh cases were resolved and compensation worth Rs 297 crores was distributed benefitting nearly 32 lakh people. This time they are trying to solve even more number of cases.In fact this year, cases pending in civil court, cases of cheque bounce, cases under electricity act, accident and compensation cases, free bargaining cases, cases related to marriage, divorce and maintenance, family court, village court cases, and those related to land acquisition, cooperative banks and institutions, consumer forum, revenue department, municipal corporation, zila panchayat, forest department and others will be taken up.Justice Lahoti said no one wants to get caught in lengthy litigation and would want their grievances to be resolved sooner the better. Lok adalat is an effort in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395322", "title": "Goans must stop coming to Portugal: Vicente Alves Do O", "text": "PANAJI: Portuguese filmmaker Vicente Alves Do O is in Goa for the screening of his film Florbela at the 43rd International film festival of India (Iffi), but he has also brought with him an unexpected guest - worry that his country could be moving towards intellectual bankruptcy with 100% cut in finances to filmmakers in a nation where cinema is fully state funded.The filmmaker said that Goans should stop coming to Portugal as they have no future in the country. \"Please don't come to Portugal. Goans should not come there. People are moving out of Portugal and Europe because it is dying. Europe will be finished in 10 years,\" Vincente said.The director said that Europe is being rigid in its thinking and this reflects in the films it churns out. \"European filmmakers are depressed. They all make the same kind of films. Europe is still thinking of itself as this power who had once ruled the world. We are not that anymore. Portugal is a poor country. We need to reboot ourselves like a computer now to survive in these competitive times or Europe will die. We need to reinvent,\" Vicente said.\"It is a cultural tragedy that the Portuguese government has cut funds 100% for films this year and not a single film has been made in Portugal in 2012 because of the European crisis. As it is, we make only 12 films a year, which is the number India makes in a day. Our government is so rightwing they are cousins of (Mitt) Romney,\" Vicente said.He said that there are already restrictions on subjects of films as they are government funded. \"There are people who have robbed banks and are infamous but you never see films being made on them. You will never see Portuguese films about politics. This is because there are restrictions on filmmaking in a sublime way as you get your funds from the government and the law does not permit private funding for films,\" the outspoken filmmaker said.He said that the elderly in Portugal have already given up. \"We only see teenagers in the cinema halls in Lisbon . The older generation has given up. And the teenagers only want to watch American films and not Portuguese ones,\" Vicente said, whose film Florbela speaks of the unconventional life of an influential 20th century female poet. The filmmaker believes the way Florbela lived her life breaking away from convention has a lesson in store for Europeans today.\"We don't trust our class of politicians and we don't see a way out into the future at present. But artists have that responsibility to show that way forward. You cannot make films who no one understands and absolve yourself of that responsibility,\" Vicente said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396848", "title": "Sailing back in time to Odisha's rich maritime past", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: When chief minister Naveen Patnaik takes part in the Boita Bandana Utsav and performs kalash puja at Paradeep on Wednesday, he would be doing so to commemorate Odisha's great maritime achievements in ancient times.Coinciding with Kartik Purnima celebrations in different parts of the state, the Paradip Port Trust (PPT) celebrates Port Day and Boita Bandana Utsav at the port town, around 120 km from here, every year, reminding people of the glorious practices that were followed when Kalinga (as Odisha was known in ancient times) was a sea-faring region having trade relationships with different countries, primarily those in Southeast Asia.\"We indeed have a glorious maritime past with Kartika Purnima reminding us how people wish bon voyage to sailors,\" said Utkal University of Culture vice chancellor Amiya Patnaik, who has done research on Odisha's maritime heritage. \"In early times, there were a number of ports, including Palur and Tamralipti, in this part of the world and we had trade links with different countries. Though it has lost its relevance with time, still it is a good thing to be reminded of our past at least once a year,\" he added.Historians say Kalinga had trade ties with Bali, Sumatra, Java, Borneo (now part of Indonesia ), Myamar, Sri Lanka and some other countries and was a prosperous land. Kartika Purnima commemorates this, with men dressing up as Sadhavas (seafarers) and girls decked up as Sadhavanis (wives of Sadhavas) wishing them a good journey.Patnaik said the event originally was purely aimed at celebrating the maritime practices but it has gradually taken the form of a religious occasion. \"It has now become a religious ritual, side-tracking the original concept,\" he added.Reader in history, Utkal University, Sanjay Acharya, feels the event is very relevant even today as it reminds us that Odisha was in earlier times highly prosperous and powerful. \"Kalinga owed its prosperity to maritime activities and the Bay of Bengal was then known as Kalinga Mahodadhi because the region dominated the sea. Kartika Purnima is a strong reminder to the younger generation of the political stability which brought in economic prosperity and consequent cultural development,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17396302", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Debutante Virag Awate slams 126 &amp; 112", "text": "NAGPUR: Making a Ranji Trophy debut at 31: better late than never. Scoring a hundred in the first innings in that match that helps your team take first-innings lead: the moment meets eagerness and perseverance.And adding another hundred in the second innings of the same match? Getting your dues with compound interest! Maharashtra's Virag Awate lived this wild dream during their Group B match against hosts Vidarbha that concluded on Tuesday.He became only the second Indian to score a century in each innings on first-class debut, matching Nari Contractor's feat of 1952-53 (for Gujarat vs Baroda: 152 and 102 not out).Pune-based Awate anchored the visitors ' first innings with 126 as they reached 282. He scored 112 off 189 balls in the second innings to cap off three points for his team. Even Contractor's match had ended in a draw with his team attaining a first-innings lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394673", "title": "India will celebrate its 2047 I-Day as superpower: Vijay Bhatkar", "text": "NAGPUR: Eminent scientist and father of country's first super computer, Vijay Bhatkar, on Tuesday, exuded confidence that in the coming decades India will emerge as a super power. He said that India will celebrate its independence day in the year 2047 as a superpower.\"History has witnessed many changes in the power quotient among the continents. In the eleventh century ancient India was a powerful country. Sometime in the 17th and 18th century the locus of power shifted to Europe. And finally in the 19th and 20th century USA has emerged as a power centre,\" Bhatkar said.He was speaking at an event organized by Dhanwate National College on its premises. Former ISRO scientist A Subramanian, who name is inscribed on a chip in the Mars Rover of Nasa also participated in the programme.\"21st century will see the awakening of major Asian economies like India and China. Presently, India is ranked as the third most developing nation after USA and China,\" said Bhatkar. \"India need not play the catching up game with the already developed economies like USA. We don't want India to become another America. What we desire is that India should reclaim its past glory. It should lead the world in pursuit of knowledge,\" he added. He rued that government is giving overemphasis to the defence forces when the funds can be used for more constructive work.Bhatkar said it is good to hear that leading investment agencies like Goldman Sachs optimistically see Asia taking charge of the world economy soon. However, he cautioned that over emphasis on statistical indices like Gross domestic product ( GDP ) and Gross National Product (GNP) can give a misleading picture about India and its development. \"Planning in India should be people oriented. Rather than the government making strategies for the people, it should be the people who make their own policies, set down their priorities, make the plans and dictate the terms to the government,\" he remarked.He also laid stress on the importance of media. He said that the media should step forward to communicate people's view to the state and also educate the masses by writing socially relevant articles.Bhatkar criticized the behaviour of our parliamentarians. He recalled how even at the time of our independence difference of opinions between the parliamentarians existed. \"However the assemblies never functioned the way they do now and I'm ashamed of that,\" he lamented. He, however, appreciated the maturity of Indian democracy, considering that it is the largest democracy in the world.\"It withstood many separatists movements. In spite of being such a large country, it successfully conducts elections. Here Science has played a pivotal role as it is the EVMs, developed by my pupils, who contributed to the smooth conduct of these elections. Even USA doesn't have this system,\" he beamed with pride.Bhatkar believes in research driven post graduation. \"I think that the undergraduate education need not be majorly research based. But the onus of research should be on the post graduate students.\" He tried to reconcile science and religion rather than paralleling the two.The event concluded with the release of a book by Dr. Sharad Patil titled 'English is Easy'.Bhatkar's Mantra for a superpower country-- Large Scale urbanization: Pune and Mumbai will soon become one city- Policymakers should have a long term and short term vision of 5, 25 and 50 years for India- Small states have more potential for development- Inclusive development needed: Funds for satellites as important as those for sanitation and other basic necessities.- World Class Universities can bring about a change in education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394893", "title": "Priests for clean Godavari", "text": "NASHIK: The pollution of Godavari will be the focus at a national convention of priests functioning in pilgrimage spots across the country. The conclave is scheduled in Gujarat next month.The two-day convention of Akhil Bhartiya Teerth Purrohit Mahasabha will begin at Somnath on December 23. A decision on finalising the policy on making rivers, including Godavari and Yamuna is to be taken at the convention. Priests from 84 pilgrimage centres will participate.Speaking to TOI, Satish Shukla, president of Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangh, Nashik, said, \"Situated on the banks of river Godavari, Nashik is one of the major centres of pilgrimage. Thousands of tourists and devotees visit the city. Generally, pilgrims who visit expect a clean 'tirtha' (holy water), but this is not the case.\"Cleansing and sanitary works of the river and the nearby area in Panchavati are not carried out properly. \"Religious activities are performed in Ramkund area, but water is not released continuously. Regular sanitary works and constant water flow in Ramkund are needed. The river passes throughout the city and at most places, it is covered with water hyacinth,\" Shukla said.The last national-level convention was held in Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh in April 2012. It was then decided to urge the Central government to make all the rivers, including Godavari, free from pollution and set up a special national fund for maintenance of these rivers. The association planned agitations in Delhi if the government did not take any action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395665", "title": "HC orders security to Vijayakanth rival", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered police protection to a woman who had filed an election petition challenging the validity of actor-turned-politician Vijayakanth's election from the Rishivandhiyam assembly constituency.The petitioner, M Jayanthi, had informed the court that she and her family members apprehending threat to their lives. Hearing the matter, Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar said: \"There will be an interim direction to the government to give sufficient police protection to her for one week.\" Jayanthi filed nomination papers as an independent candidate from Rishivandhiyam constituency during the last assembly polls.Her papers, however, were rejected at the preliminary stage itself. Alleging conspiracy and improper rejection of her nomination, Jayanthi has filed an election petition to quash the victory of Vijayakanth. Another bench of the court, refusing to reject the election petition, has posted the matter to November 29 for commencement of trial. Under these circumstances, she alleged receiving threats from activists of the DMDK party, which Vijayakanth leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394550", "title": "Supreme Court extends reprieve given to BJP legislator Rajendra Singh Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Supreme Court on Tuesday extended till December 11 its interim order staying the order of high court requiring BJP legislator Rajendra Singh Rathore to surrender before the district judge to face trial. The order was extended after CBI sought time to file a reply to the appeal filed by Rathore against the high court order.Earlier, Justice Ajay Rastogi of the high court, while setting aside his order of discharge passed by district court, Jaipur, had asked him to surrender forthwith. But, instead of surrendering, Rathore filed an appeal before the Supreme Court wherein the court stayed its order till November 27 and now extended it to December 11.The district and sessions judge had on March 31 this year discharged Rathore in the Dara Singh encounter case wherein CBI had mentioned him as the main accused and conspirator for staging the fake encounter of the liquor mafia leader Dara Singh. The trial court found no material evidence to frame charge against him and had directed his discharge.The order was passed by the high court on revision petitions filed by the CBI and wife of deceased Dara Singh, Sushila. Allowing the petitions, the court had then held that the sessions judge was not right in appreciating evidence at the stage of framing of charges which can be done only at the stage of trial..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17396448", "title": "Sanskrit an incredible treasure trove, says Governor", "text": "VARANASI: Governor and chancellor of Sampurnand Sanskrit University (SSU) BL Joshi bemoaned the thin presence of students at the function while speaking at the 30th convocation ceremony on Tuesday.Pointing out towards a poorly filled convocation arena, Joshi said, \"One or two students, out of a strength of 100 in a class are present in the ceremony. The poor attendance of students shows what kind of respect we are showing towards the university and education.\" Joshi also highlighted the importance of the Gothic style main building of the university. He said that the 131 years old building was constructed through the efforts of people of different religions. It needs renovation and preservation. Ancient and rare manuscripts in Saraswati Bhawan library should also be preserved.Emphasizing the importance of Sanskrit, Joshi said that the language is excellent and complete and an incredible treasure for a variety of subjects like science, philosophy, law, vedant, architecture, painting, dance, drama, economics, Ayurveda.Chief guest and former director, Sanskrit Shiksha avum Bhasha Vibhag, government of Rajasthan , Devarshree Kalanath Shashtri explained the scientific importance and accuracy of SanskritSpeaking on the occasion, minister Ahmed Hasan said that help will be provided to the university from the state. Commenting on the steps to curb corruption in the university taken by SSU vice-chancellor BP Mishra, the minister said: \"The fight against corruption in the university is good.\"Award for 13-yr-old Vedic student: Prashant Kumar Mishra did SSU proud by bagging as many as nine gold medals in the academic year 2011-2012 during the convocation ceremony held on the campus on Tuesday.Prashant, who bagged highest position in acharya (post graduation) in Sanskrit literature with 84 per cent marks wishes to write literature and text in Sanskrit in future. At present he is planning to carry out extensive research work in Sanskrit literature. \"There are less researches in Sanskrit literature. I would like to study and research on the literature related to Indian tradition and rituals,\" he said.Krishna Kumar Sharma, a 13 years old lad bagged a gold medal. He came all the way from Churu district in Rajasthan, became the youngest be felicitated during the ceremony. Sharma is a Vedic student at a Gurukul in Churu. He bagged the the first position in the prathama (eighth standard) among all his contemporaries studying in schools and Gurukuls affiliated with SSU. Sharma who has deep interest in Sanskrit language and Rudri, want to study further and become a pundit.As many as 52 gold medals were awarded to 27 students for different their achievements. As much as 40,477 students, including 32,390 shastri (graduate), 7,327 acharya (post graduate), 53 vidyavaridhi (PhD), 616 shiksha shastri (BEd) and various others received degrees and certificates.Varanasi faces heavy traffic congestionAt a time when cops remained busy in traffic regulation exercises on the routes used by the fleet of governor, the commuters on all other city roads became bound to crawl on Tuesday.Governor BL Joshi was in the city to attend a convocation at Sampurnanad Sanskrit University and later in the valedictory function of Ganga Mahotsava in evening. The city police had already kept many roads reserved in view of Teeza processions, carried out after the festival of Muharram. The traffic diversions and restrictions imposed on the routes used by the governor's fleet increased the traffic load on Cantonment railway station-Sigra-Rathyatra-Lanka road massively.Though cops of traffic and civil police could be seen on the roads through, which the governor and Teeza processions had to pass, the roads on which the traffic load was high, the command of traffic regulation was left in the hands of few home guards. The latter looked helpless on many occasions. Situation was worse near Cantonment railway station and roadways deport due to improper parking of auto rickshaws and buses for collecting passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394412", "title": "I-T survey at steel pipe traders, realtors", "text": "INDORE: Income Tax department officials carried out surveys in the offices and business establishments of iron, steel pipe traders and real estate businessmen on Monday. The IT sleuths surveyed the premises of Tube Trade Centre, Khambati and Company, Raj Properties, Taiyyabi Real Estate Pvt Ltd, Shree Ganesh Real Mart Pvt Limited, and Shiv Real Build Pvt Ltd., Khandwa Road, Shiv Real Mart Pvt Ltd, Shiv Sagar Real Mart Pvt. Ltd, M/s M.B Tubes and M/s Anant Enterprises.According to IT sleuths, the survey detected an unaccounted income of Rs 8 crore in the Khambati Group cases, while lot of incriminating documents have been seized from real estate businessmen. The survey had begun at around 1 pm on Monday and went on till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395152", "title": "CM Sheila Dikshit undergoes angioplasty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit underwent an angioplasty on Tuesday for blocked artery. The procedure, which involves insertion of metallic mesh tube to clear the blockage, was conducted successfully at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute by Dr Ashok Seth who heads the cardiac sciences department.\"Dikshit was admitted to the hospital on Monday evening. She complained about difficulty in breathing. Diagnostic investigations confirmed 90% blockage in her right coronary artery following which angioplasty was conducted to open up the blocked artery,\" Dr Seth said. He added that the procedure lasted for about 45 minutes.The 74-year-old Congress leader had undergone angioplasty previously in 2006 which was conducted by the same doctor. Two stents were inserted to open up the blocked arteries. In 2001, Dikshit had undergone a bypass surgery. \"This time, a new blockage had developed in her right artery, which could be age-related,\" said Dr Seth, who has been her personal physician for over a decade. He said Dikshit is not a diabetic. Sources said the chief minister's immediate family - her son, daughter-in-law and daughter - were present in the hospital when the procedure was being conducted. \"She is talking and can walk comfortably. But we have advised rest for at least two days. By then, she will be fine enough to rejoin her office,\" said a senior doctor.According to sources, Dikshit's ailment and her treatment was no secret but respecting her privacy it was decided not to make any official statement till after the procedure was complete. Even then, the CM office did not make a statement and the details were given by the doctors. Since Dikshit needed rest, her cabinet colleagues and MLAs were kept away from the hospital. Dikshit is expected to return to work by next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396380", "title": "Cleanliness of ghats leaves much to be desired", "text": "KANPUR: Municipal workers, local NGOs and educational institutions were seen fulfilling the promise of cleaning the Ganga ghats before Dev Deepawali on Tuesday. They worked from morning till late in the evening but failed to give a perfect look to the ghats, which were full of garbage.Hundreds of people, NGOs, educational institutions and public welfare organizations gathered at the ghats to take part in the Dev Deepawali Ghat Safai Abhiyaan'. Sarsaiyya Ghat, Parmat Ghat and Siddhnath Ghat were cleaned. The KMC workers cleaned the stairs of the ghats and the temples.But Gola Ghat, Massacre Ghat, Mishra Ghat and Guptar were pathetic. This raises a question mark on the success of the 'Ganga ghat safai' drive. The condition at Massacre Ghat was pitiable on Tuesday. One can witness garbage heaps and lots of impurities like polythene, idols and cow dungs littered on the stairs. \"The condition of ghats was worse than last year. The cleanliness exercise and the sanitation drive has turned out to be a mere eyewash,\" said Ramesh Kumar , resident of Massacre Ghat.The locals alleged that the KMC's cleanliness operation concludes with partial removal of silt and 'Ganesh Lakshmi' idols from the banks and cleaning the stairs.Mishra Ghat was flooded with rotten flowers and garlands. Hundreds of plastic bags were seen scattered.\"A month ago, KMC workers have came to collect the garbage from the dustbins kept at the ghat. After that, neither anyone came to see the condition of ghat nor to pick the polythene and other waste material from stairs,\" said Radhey, a resident Mishra Ghat.Worse is the condition at Gola Ghat, where people disregard all rules and take bath and wash clothes. According to locals, no one is present to stop washermen and local housewives to wash clothes.\"The KMC authorities claimed to paste posters and banner for Ganga cleanliness on ghats which are no where visible at Gola Ghat. No one is there to stop the washermen to wash clothes and prohibit the use of soap in the river,\" said Shivam, sculpture artist of Kolkota, who is living in the city since the past four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395873", "title": "Gurudwara\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 50th anniversary celebrations conclude today", "text": "KOCHI: The Perumanoor area in Thevara wears a festive look as decorative arches, orange flags and festoons announce the 50th anniversary of the only gurudwara in the state, Gurudwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha in Kochi.The weeklong celebrations of the 543rd birth anniversary of Guru Nanak and the golden jubilee, which began on November 20, will culminate on Wednesday and bring together 25 resident Sikh families and local communities.The orange flag on the gurudwara signifies the openness of the Sikh community, which provides free shelter and food for all who knock on the door of gurudwara.The festivities began with the changing of the Nishan Sahib, the Sikh holy triangular flag, on November 18. Each day's ceremonies began with 'prabhat pheri', an early morning procession around the gurudwara. The evening services include recitation of sacred hymns by Raagi Jatha, a trio comprising singers trained to sing 'gurbani' (literally translated as the Guru's words) and a percussionist. Singers from Amritsar have also come down for the anniversary celebrations.A unique feature of festivities this year was 'nagarkirtan', a public procession of the Guru Granth Sahib accompanied by 'kirtans', organised for the first time in the city. The procession, that began at Thevara and passed through Panampilly Nagar, Chittoor Road and Ravipuram, saw the participation of over 400 people with Sikhs coming from Coimbatore and Thiruvananthapuram . 'Gatka', a weapon-based martial art form, was also performed during the procession by teams from Amritsar and Uttar Pradesh.The final celebrations will be marked by the conclusion of the two-day long reading of the holy book and recitation of hymns, followed by Guru Ka Langar, a community kitchen that serves all with no distinctions of socio-economic class or gender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396411", "title": "Panjab University physics research scholars return with many interesting tales", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's physics department wears an excited look. What have the staff and students all ears are 12 of its research scholars who are a part of the Higgs particle project at CERN, a European organization for nuclear research, Geneva. On their return to the university, they have many an interesting story to share.\"Such was the excitement that I, along with some other research scholars, slept on a floor outside the main auditorium of CERN a night before the announcement of the likely existence of Higgs particle was made. We wanted to be among the first few students to enter the auditorium to witness history in the making and we didn't mind waiting for eight hours,\" said Nitish Dhingra. He, along with Ruchi Gupta and Nishu Naib, research scholars of the department, were present at CERN when the announcement was made this July.Higgs particle or \"God particle\" had been missing in the standard model of physics.About 12 PhD students and four teachers of the department are a part of the Compact Muon Solonide (CMS) experiment of Large Hardron Collider (LHC) at CERN.Describing the thrill among 500 researchers who waited outside a door to enter the auditorium where Dr Peter Higgs and other top scientists interacted with press, Nitish said, \"We sat outside the auditorium at 10pm and the gates opened at 7am. A strict checking of identity cards further prolonged our excitement. And when we entered the auditorium, we captured every moment of it.\"Ruchi said, \"After the press briefing ended, there were rounds of celebration among scientists and researchers. Cafeteria at CERN was buzzing, with everyone celebrating the moment.\"The CMS experiment celebrated its 20 years (October 1992 to October 2012) last month. As many as 3,275 physicists, including 1,535 students, are working on it. Several researchers across 170 countries are associated with LHC at CERN.Standard model of particle physics was started in 1960 and finished in 1970. Higgs was one of the missing particles of this model.\"An update on this experiment is announced biannually. In July, the update was significant, as a trace of this particle was found. And it can be a big landmark once subsequent experiments show positive results,\" said Nishu.What is it that keeps the universe together, binding each particle to facilitate the creation of life as we know it? How does an infinitesimally small particle sustain the complexity of an organism, a planet, a galaxy and the universe? These questions have been driving scientists not just at CERN or the European Organization for Nuclear Research in Geneva but also at Panjab University in Chandigarh. Four months after CERN finally found the \"God Particle\" or the elusive Higgs Boson, thereby validating the standard model of physics, PU is set for an extension of the research. The question now is, can we detect the particle with greater precision even when it collides with higher energy?It is not going to be easy for the four physics department members \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a teacher, an engineer, a technician and a research scholar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who are now working on the development of 50 new detectors for CMS (Compact Muon Solonide) as part of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in CERN. \"The detectors must be upgraded and we have to get them ready by 2014,\" J B Singh, a faculty member at the physics department, said. He is working with professors Manjit Kaur, Suman Beri and Vipin Bhatnagar on what is definitely the experiment of a lifetime.\"Three countries have been given the task of designing new detectors, including India, Geneva and Belgium. In India, only PU and BARC are working on the project for 2012-14,\" Singh said. For those who have dedicated their lives to feeling the building blocks of the universe, this experiment brings them tantalizing close to absolution. \"In March 2013 the experiment will shut down for 14 months at CERN and the machinery will be upgraded. We are required to assemble 50 more detectors by 2014,\" Prof Manjit Kaur explained.The researchers are now working on the fully assembled RPC (Resistive plate chamber). \"Assembly of this chamber, testing to make the software database and re-testing will be done here before it is sent to CERN,\" engineers at the RPC lab 1 at the Physics department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396377", "title": "Three auto-thieves arrested", "text": "KANPUR: The police on Tuesday claimed to have busted a gang of auto-lifters involved in stealing two-wheelers from the city and nearby areas. Three members of the gang were arrested with three stolen vehicles. A police team laid a trap at a hideout near Circuit House and arrested three members of the gang identified as Zeeshan, a resident of Safed Colony in Kidwainagar, Pawan Sharma of Jarauli Phase-2 Barra and Sachin Sahu of Juhi Colony. They were trying to sell the stolen vehicles. The gang was operating in and around the city since the past few years, Chakeri SHO Uday Pratap Yadav said.\"During interrogation, we came to know about a few more members of the gang. The suspected persons will be nabbed soon,\" DIG Amitabh Yash said.The auto-lifters said that they were engaged in stealing two-wheelers from the city, besides bordering areas and a few other parts of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394026", "title": "New BHEL website to redress tech issues", "text": "BHOPAL: BHEL has launched a new website for registering site action request (SAR) of various power and industrial project sites in the country and abroad. The website was inaugurated here on Tuesday by director (industry system and products), BHEL, M K Dube.The website will help BHEL customers to log technical issues related to BHEL-commissioned power projects online. The issues will be addressed via the same route. It will help cut resolution time of critical site issues.The website will help in creating knowledge data bank of issues for future reference. It is equipped with the facility of uploading of documents. It has been set-up under guidance of GM Dheeman Sen in association with the quality division. S S Gupta, executive director, BHEL, Bhopal; S R Prasad, executive director, ROD; R K Tiwari, GM (transformer), D K Dikshit, GM(quality), D K Thakur, GM (switchgear control gear and rectifier ), S Chaturvedi, GM (traction motors ) were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395118", "title": "Advocates' body seeks better facilities at Pimpri court", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Advocates' Bar Association has sought improvement of facilities at the court building provided on rent by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).In a letter sent to mayor Mohini Lande and municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, the association has said the facilities is an inconvenience to litigants as well as advocates.The court building at Morwadi in Pimpri does not have adequate vehicle parking and drinking water and lacks cleanliness. The furniture in the court premises - provided by the civic body - also needs repairs or replacement, the letter said.The association's secretary, Suryakant Labade, said, \"Additional construction work is required on the terrace of the court building so that one more judicial magistrate first class court and a large bar room can be created.\"He said the association has been asking for a spacious court building with all facilities for the advocates and litigants for the last twenty years. \"The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has allotted a 17-acre plot at Moshi for the new court building. The state government has paid the cost of the land to the PCNTDA and the plot has been transferred to the state law department. The process to prepare the building plan is in progress,\" he said.But, he said, it would take at least five years to complete the construction of the court building, and thus, there is a need to improve facilities at the current building.When contacted, Lande said, \"The association members met me and apprised me of their grievances. I will visit the Pimpri court premises in the next few days and take stock of the situation. We will take steps to provide amenities in the court premises.\"PCMC additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"The civic body provides basic amenities to the court premises. I will visit the court soon and the civic body will provide necessary facilities for advocates and litigants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "17397124", "title": "Nurse apologizes for taking pictures of woman delivering baby", "text": "AIZAWL: A nurse was found taking pictures of a woman delivering a baby at a government hospital in Saiha district, situated on the southernmost fringe of the state bordering Myanmar, recently.The matter came to light when the Mara Chano Py or Mara Women's Association took up the matter with the chief medical officer of Saiha district, Dr Lalchungnunga, saying that it was unethical on the part of the staff nurse to take the pictures.Women activists in south Mizoram's Mara Autonomous District Council (MADC) area took strong exception to the incident, which took place on November 18 last.The health department officials of Saiha district organized a joint meeting with NGOs and student leaders of the district at Saiha town on Monday. In the meeting, the chief medical officer admitted that it was the fault of the health department and apologized to the victim and her family members.P Chaki, president of Mara Women's Association said the sordid incident occurred in the Saiha District Hospital on November 18 last at around 2.30 pm. She said the relatives of the woman were extremely angry and had lodged a complaint with the association.Chaki said the incident came at a time when women organizations are encouraging women to go to the government health sub-centres and hospitals for delivery and immunization. The chief medical officer assured the agitating women activists that such an incident will not happen again in the future. The erring nurse also made a public apology in the meeting, however, explaining that she could not take the pictures as she did not know how to handle her mobile phone well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17397132", "title": "Hornbill Festival to begin from December 1", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland's annual Hornbill Festival will kickstart at Kisama village on December 1. State commissioner and tourism secretary Himato Zhimomi said this year's edition of the seven-day mega festival will be packed as usual but will have a offer a new flavour to the visitors.\"Hornbill Festival is one event that covers all aspects of our culture,\" he added.This year's Hornbill Festival, to be celebrated under the theme \"Unity\", will have a spectacular opening and closing ceremony, said Zhimomi. He added that cultural items, indigenous games, adventure sports and pork-fat eating competition will be added attractions.Other interesting events include Hornbill National Rock Contest, a cycle rally from Kohima to Dimapur, North East Riders' Meet under the theme \"NE Friendship Rally\", film fest, fashion show and rallies.While the focal point of the festival would continue to be on the culture of the NE region, Zhimomi said an important addition this year would be the focus on :Look East Policy\" of India. On the second day of the festival, an Indo-Myanmar Conference under the theme \"NE bridgehead between Myanmar and India\" would be held at the industries and commerce department, Kohima.Altogether 15 MPs &amp; MLAs from Myanmar and an equal number of intellectuals and bureaucrats from India would participate at the conference to discuss promotion of commerce and other important issues for the two countries.\"We want to use the Hornbill Festival as a platform to start the Look East Policy of the Centre,\" the commissioner said. He added that the festival attracts the maximum of foreign and domestic tourists.\"Due to insufficient accommodation facilities, we are still unable to host many tourists desiring to visit the state. All available hostels and lodges in the state are booked, even in Dimapur and Mokokchung, and some visitors are even willing to stay in villages in and around Kohima,\" he said.He added that governor Nikhil Kumar and chief minister Neiphiu Rio would grace the inaugural function on December 1. A host of foreign and domestic guests are also expected to attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17393961", "title": "Abdullah-Shahs bury hatchet to help NC inch towards majority", "text": "SRINAGAR: Shrugging off Chief Minister Omar Abdullah's reservations, his father and Union minister Farooq Abdullah on Tuesday announced a patch-up with his estranged sister Khalida Shah following the intervention by his younger brother, Sheikh Mustafa Kamaal. Kamaal recently stirred a hornet's nest by calling India an enemy and Pakistan a friend.No single political party is likely to get a majority in the next elections and the merger is aimed at helping NC in at least five seats in south Kashmir, where PDP is strong. Omar has already announced a pre-poll alliance with Congress for the 2014 assembly elections.The feud between the Abdullahs and Shahs is nearly three decade old. Back in 1984, Farooq's brother-in-law Ghulam Mohammad Shah caused a defection in the National Conference, wooing 11 MLAs to dethrone Farooq. He then took over as CM with Congress's support and formed a breakaway group, Awami National Conference, headed by his wife and Farooq's elder sister Khalida Shah.Shah's government lasted only 11 months after J&K; Congress pulled out support citing differences. Shah went into political oblivion thereafter, as Farooq made friends with Rajiv Gandhi , who had taken over as PM. The two formed an alliance to fight Muslim United Front constituted by various extremist groups. NC regained power in 1987 through a controversial ballot but the feud between Abdullahs and Shahs remained.Interestingly, Shah claimed the first right to succeed Sheikh Abdullah; he was a close associate of Sheikh when he was spearheading a \"movement\" under the banner of 'Plebiscite Front'. He was brushed aside by Farooq who took over Sheikh's mantle.Mustafa Kamaal, the younger brother of Farooq and additional general secretary of NC, recently said his sister's Awami National Conference will merge with NC. Confirming this, Khalida's son, Muzaffar Shah, said the matter was discussed within the family. \"Farooq sahib and Kamaal might have talked to my mother and things may shape up soon,\" Muzaffar said. Remarkable considering Khalida and Farooq aren't on talking terms for over two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396257", "title": "Ghost consumers dent power department", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Presence of ghost consumers in unusually large numbers under different divisions is a cause of worry for the cash-strapped power department considering they owe large sums as arrears. This has forced the department to initiate measures to identify such premises and subsequently snapg the connections. The worst affected is the old city areas where combined number of such consumers runs into thousands which is causing a loss to the department lakhs or rupees.But sources in the department say they are helpless because there is no effective mechanism to identify consumers who died several years back owing heavy arrears to the power department. While the family members of such consumers leave no time in taking over the assets left behind by their elders, they rarely think of paying the outstanding liabilities, rued a senior official of the power department.Role played by junior staff in facilitating a new electricity connection in the name of the new owner is proved by several cases in which new connection was allotted to a house where an old connection already existed. Owners of the new connection plead ignorance and wash their hands of the liability.Talking to TOI, Ashish Asthana senior official of the power department said, \"While filling up the application form for a new connection the consumer has to sign a declaration that no other connection is existing on the premises. But, some consumers hide this information, though the department can take legal measures once the fraud is detected.Regarding consumers who seek new connection without clearing the outstanding dues of the previous connection, he said, \"Strict penalty would be imposed as per provisions of the UP State Electricity Code 2005 on such. Moreover, the new electricity connection on the premises is liable to get snapped till outstanding amount is paid,\" he said.A new set of directives says the consumer applying for a new connection on a premises purchased recently should seek a no-dues certificate from the power department on electricity connection existing in the name of previous owner. Besides, if someone tries to evade paying arrears against previous connection and seeks fresh connection we add the outstanding arrears till the time a new connection is allotted and subsequently the same is added in the bill for the new connection.Stating that a mechanism needs to be evolved to identify such ghost consumers with the help of municipal authorities by checking the birth and death register, former corporator Mukund Tiwari said, \"They need to clean up their own house before tightening the noose around consumers who are indulging in this unethical practices in connivance with staff of the power department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394668", "title": "Life for school peon who raped minor", "text": "MUMBAI: Rapists should not escape the law on \"flimsy\" grounds, said the Bombay HC while ruling that corroboration may not be an essential ingredient to prove rape. In a case that has some parallels to the alleged rape of women inmates in a shelter home in Mumbai, a division bench of Justice P V Hardas and A P Bhangale upheld the life imprisonment awarded to a 28-year-old man for raping a minor girl and sexually exploiting other girls who were residing in an ashram school in Wardha. The accused, Sachin Landge, was working as a peon at the residential school for underprivileged girls.\"Instead of behaving as protector and guardian of the minor girls in the care of the residential ashram school, he exploited some of them to satisfy his lust,\" said the judges. The defence pointed to the delay in registering the complaint and other technical grounds to overturn the conviction, but the HC dismissed the pleas.\"The courts have to be more cautious in appreciating the evidence and the real culprits\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe rapists\u00e2\u20ac\u201dshould not be left scot-free, merely on flimsy grounds,\" the judges said. The court pointed out that corroboration of evidence would not be essential in rape cases, considering the fact that an Indian girl would think twice before accusing anyone of rape. The court added that not taking her complaint seriously would be adding insult to injury.The incident dates back to August 7, 2009, when Sachin\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtaking advantage of the fact that the female caretaker was on leave\u00e2\u20ac\u201draped one girl and sexually assaulted two other girls. When the incident came to light, the institution initiated action against Sachin. A sessions court in 2011 convicted Sachin. The HC, while upholding the conviction for rape of one girl, held him guilty of sexually exploiting two other girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17398086", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m too young for a comeback: Ameesha Patel", "text": "The sun may be a tad too bright for Ameesha Patel, who prefers to hide behind her outlandish sunglasses these days, but the actress insists she has not been eclipsed by the likes of Deepika Padukone in her upcoming release.Speaking to TOI from London, Ameesha laughed off reports that she has a blink- and- you-miss appearance in Race 2 . These rumours have been fuelled by the promo released recently, that clearly shines the spotlight on Deepika and Jaqueline Fernandez. But Ameesha claims she is not perturbed. And that she is in London by choice, not because she feels \"slighted.\"\"I am not upset at all,\" she chirped, \"I am in London on personal work and I will be back in Mumbai soon.\"Having said that, she does not challenge the fact that her role is way smaller than that of the other leading ladies. \"It (the length of the role) doesn't matter to me,\" emphasises the actress who has been specialising in 'special appearances'. \"Look, I just did a guest appearance in the film Thoda Pyar Thoda Magic (released in 2008) and yet I got noticed so well. The quality of the role matters, not the length,\" she says, adding, \" I have a pivotal role in the film and the importance of my character is no less than the other lead characters,\" she says.Small but significant - does that sum up her great come back gamble? Ameesha shoots back. \"Who said I am aiming at a comeback with this film? The term 'comeback' only works for the likes of Madhuri (Dixit) or Sridevi. I am too young to be slotted in that bracket. I have always been around. Just busy with my production house, that's it.\"Err... but when was her last release again? Ameesha quips: \" I had a release in 2011. The film was called Chatur Singh Two Star which had Sanjay Dutt in the lead. (It turned out to be one of the biggest flops in Dutt's career). You cannot blame me if people didn't watch the film.\"We wonder if Dutt is reading this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395320", "title": "Entertainment society of Goa to give awards in Goans' names", "text": "PANAJI: The Entertainment society of Goa (ESG) is looking at forming a trust which will constitute awards in the name of Goans who have made immense contributions to Indian cinema. The awards relating to various aspects of cinema will be handed over each year from 2013 to Indians who have done similar service to Indian films.\"The contribution of Goans to various aspects of Indian cinema is noteworthy. Pandurang Naik was known to be the most indigenous cameraman and introduced top lighting for the first time in Indian films. Dattaram, Anthony Gonsalves, K Vaicunth, Banudas Divkar, N Dutta have all contributed to music and other technical aspects of cinema tremendously. The ESG will form a trust and the awards will be given in the name of these Goans each year in the field of thier expertise,\" ESG vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396212", "title": "Three hurt in DYFI-BJP clash", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vilappilsala turned a battleground after DYFI and BJP activists in the area engaged in a brawl in which three people were injured. Tension sparked when a group of unidentified assailants stormed the house of a DYFI activist Arun Kumar and left his father Asokan (48) critically injured after attacking him with lethal weapons during the wee hours of Tuesday.DYFI workers alleged the involvement of BJP workers behind the incident and retaliated by attacking a BJP worker, Sreejith (28), at Kundamoozhi near Vilappilsala around 11am.Following the incidents, police have deployed their personnel in the area. The security at the place has been also beefed up by roping in additional police personnel from the district armed reserve police camp.According to the police, an existing dispute between the two parties is suspected to be the reason behind the violence. The first attack happened around 3 am.\"We suspect that Arun Kumar, joint secretary of Vadakkeyil unit of DYFI, was the real target of the assailants. Since he was not at home, they attacked his father,\" said A Baiju, sub inspector of police, Vilappilsala. The assailants, whose numbers are not known, emerged from the dark and pelted stones at Arun Kumar's house. When Asokan came out to check what was happening, they attacked him. His wife Sobha was also injured after the assailants roughed her up. The attackers also ransacked the house, said the SI.Asokan has been admitted to the Medical College Hospital. Both his hands were seriously injured in the attack.DYFI and CPM supporters in the Vilappil panchayath observed a hartal in the panchayath in protest against the attacks. No arrests have been made in connection with the attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394304", "title": "Kurla-Pune rail link plan gathers steam", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR)'s plan to link Kurla with Pune via Harbour line is moving closer to turning into reality. A feasibility study conducted by CR has confirmed that the two destinations can be connected via Harbour line.TOI had, in its September 23 edition, reported that CR was exploring the possibility of running train services on the Kurla-Shivaji Nagar route.CR general manager Subodh Jain said, \"Work will begin after approval is received from the commissioner of railway safety, central circle. We plan to run this service by introducing main line electrical multiple unit (MEMU).\"From Kurla, the train will originate and terminate at platforms 9 and 10, which have not been in use for more than a decade. Explaining the challenges, a CR official said, \"Major remodeling of yards will have to be carried out at Panvel and Kurla. A crossover ( the point at which trains interchange tracks) will have to be provided in Panvel to allow the movement of trains from suburban line to the main line to establish connectivity to Shivaji Nagar. A crossover will also have to be built at Kurla besides carrying out work to revive the defunct platforms.\"The official said, \"Work on yard remodeling would not cost more than Rs 2-2.5 crore and can be completed within three to four months.\"Explaining the need for such a service, an official said, \"There 33 services between Mumbai and Pune. Of these, 21 are daily. But there is no direct rail service between Navi Mumbai and Pune even though the vehicular traffic between these two cities is enormous.\"CR plans to cover the 170-km distance between Kurla and Shivaji Nagar within three hours. The official said, \"This can be achieved only by giving halts at limited stations like Vashi, Belapur, Panvel, Karjat and Lonavla.\"Deccan Queen, the fastest train to run between Mumbai and Pune, takes three hours and 10 minutes to cover the distance between Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) and Pune. CR plan plans to run 16-coach services with conventional coaches used in mail/express trains. The official said, \"The actual number of services will depend on the availability of MEMU, which is in short supply. The timetable will also have to planned to ensure that the these services did not cut into the running time of regular Harbour line services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17394580", "title": "Winged guests arrive in Chanda", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Arrival of winged guests in water bodies around the town has excited birdwatchers and lensmen. Birdwatchers here are flocking to these areas to catch a glimpse of them.Birdwatchers associated with NGO Friends of Tadoba spotted a flock of greater flamingos in the marshy water of ash pond of Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station (CSTPS). Their previous sighting in Chandrapur was reported five years ago in the backwaters of Irai dam.\"We spotted a flock of 13 greater flamingos in CSTPS ash pond. It is unlikely that they will stay here. There halt is apparently temporary and the birds are probably on way to seek a breeding ground in Rann of Kutch,\" said Manoj Kulkarni, president of Friends of Tadoba. He said the flock of flamingos is usually bigger and other birds could be near the water bodies around which needs to be found.Ornithologists said two species of flamingos, the greater and lesser flamingo, are found in India. These birds can grow up to 145cm in height and have a wingspan of up to 165cm. They are known for a distinctive pink hue and peculiar way of feeding.Avian watchers of NGO Wildcare have also reported sighting of several migratory birds including bar-headed geese, spoon bill, painted stork, dabchick, grey heron, pintail and red-crested pochard. Reservoirs like Irai dam, CSTPS ash pond, Chargaon dam, Junona lake and ponds in Satara (Tukum), Mul and Etoli (Manora) are favourite visiting places for migratory birds.Birdwatcher Sanjay Shegaonkar said, \"Birds generally migrate during October and November every year. These water bodies full of aquatic species, that form part of their diet, are haven for migratory bird.\" He also claimed to have spotted rare avian visitors black ibis, white ibis, open bill stork, grey wagtail and lesser whistling teals at these water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17393857", "title": "Suggested collegium to select chief: CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outgoing CBI chief A P Singh on Tuesday acknowledged that the current process of recruitment of the CBI chief with the government having sole say in the matter has resulted in the head of the country's premier investigating agency being seen as aligned with the regime of the day.Although Singh, who leaves office in three days, said the present selection process was also \"transparent\", he noted that the perception of the CBI chief being the yes man of the government had led the agency to suggest that its head be recruited by a collegium comprising the PM, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha and the Chief Justice of India.\"This (collegium) was proposed to ensure that future directors are insulated from the allegation of being the choice of the government alone, even though the present selection is as per the procedure mandated by the Supreme Court and is absolutely fair and transparent,\" Singh said at his farewell press conference.The public recognition of rampant perception of his office being seen as an extension of the government is significant as it comes in the wake of BJP's criticism of the government for going ahead with Ranjit Sinha's appointment as Singh's successor instead of waiting for the enactment of the Lokpal bill which proposes the collegium system.The government appointed Sinha as the new CBI chief just two days after a select committee of Parliament comprising representatives of all political parties unanimously recommended a switch to collegium system. Opposition BJP has claimed that the choice of Singh's successor could have been delayed until Parliament cleared the Lokpal bill: something which could, given the unanimity among the parties over the issue, could have been accomplished rather swiftly.However, Singh maintained that Sinha's selection was done in an \"absolutely\" fair and transparent manner as per Supreme Court guidelines. The outgoing chief, whose two-year innings began with the 2G scam probe in 2010, said he had also suggested increasing the tenure of the CBI chief to five years. \"And if they cannot increase it to five years, I think it should be at least increased to three years,\" he said.Referring to his deliberations with the political class, the government and civil society over Lokpal, Singh expressed satisfaction that he \"was able to convince both government and civil society that CBI should remain central in the anti-corruption mechanism of the country and should not be diluted in any manner\".\"We are happy to note that the select committee has endorsed this (collegium) view and I am sure that successive directors will look forward to a healthy and meaningful relationship with the Lokpal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395011", "title": "Two held with contraband worth Rs 4 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The city crime branch on Monday arrested two men, including one from Nigeria, and seized 35 gm of cocaine and 7.5 gm of Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), totally worth Rs 3.99 lakh, from them.The crime branch has claimed that it was for the first time that a drug like LSD was seized in the city. The value of seized LSD is about Rs 50,000. \"One drop (less than a milligram) of LSD is valued at Rs 1,000 in the market,\" said senior PI Suhas Nadgouda.Addressing a news conference, additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said acting on a tip-off, the anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch, led by senior inspector Nadgouda, laid a trap at Koregaon Park and nabbed the duo. The suspects have been identified as Nomso Honnah alias Suso (25) of Nigeria, currently residing on Salunke Vihar road, and Ajitsingh alias Bob Bhagvania (29) of Dhanori.Solunke said, \"Suso is a criminal on the records of the Narcotics Control Bureau and is wanted in several cases of drug trafficking.\"Inspector Nadgouda said the anti-narcotics cell received a tip-off that two persons, including a foreigner, were involved in selling illegal drugs in Koregaon Park. \"We had specific information about the duo and the registration number of their motorcycle,\" Nadgouda added.Nadgouda said a police team, comprising sub-inspector Vinod Patil and constables Aslam Shaikh, Ashok Pernekar, Ramdas Jadhav, Vasudeo Patil, Bharat Jarande and Kunal Mane, laid a trap at lane number 8 in Koregaon Park on Monday and nabbed the duo. \"Thirty-five gm cocaine, worth Rs 3.49 lakh, and LSD worth Rs 50,000 have been seized from the duo,\" Nadgouda added.Investigations have revealed that Suso has been staying in the city for the last three to four days. He was looking for customers with the help of Bhagvania. \"We are yet to recover visa, passport and other documents from Suso. We have found that he has a residential permit to stay in India till 2013,\" he said.Police suspect that Suso may have brought cocaine and LSD either from Goa or Rajasthan. \"Before coming to Pune, Suso had visited Goa, Bangalore, Rajasthan and Mumbai,\" Nadgouda said.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said the police are now probing the prospective buyers of cocaine and LSD in the city. \"We are investigating the links behind the trafficking of cocaine and LSD,\" Bansode said, adding,The suspects have been sent to police custody for three days.\"Action taken by anti-narcotics cell in 2012 (Till November)Cases: 82Suspects arrested: 107Drugs seized: Rs 69.51 lakhNumber of people arrested for consuming drugs: 20Seizure of drugs/cost (in Rs) in 2012 (Till November)Cocaine: 79.8gm/ 10.85 lakhGanja: 147 kg/ 13.62 lakhBrown sugar: 2 kg/ 34.76 lakhOpium: 2 kg/ 5.12 lakhCanabis: 5kg/ 8.63 lakhAction taken by anti-narcotics cell in 2011Cases: 81Suspects arrested: 99Drugs seized: Rs 88.61 lakhNumber of people arrested for consuming drugs: 26Seizure of drugs/ cost (in Rs) - 2011Cocaine: 633 gm/ 33.63 lakhGanja: 158 kg/ 5.62 lakhBrown sugar: 2 kg/ 27.50 lakhOpium: 12 kg/ 19.09 lakhCanabis: 2 kg/ 2.98 lakhBhang: 4 kg/ 4,400", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394129", "title": "Andhra Pradesh high court directs constitution of green panel", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-judge bench of the high court on Tuesday directed the constitution of a state-level committee as required under the Water Trees Land Act.The bench was hearing a writ plea filed in 1997 by environmentalist K L Vyas, who complained that the authorities were not implementing the provisions of the Act and thereby, not protecting trees and water bodies in the state. It was contended that it is mandatory for the state government to constitute a state-level committee to ensure the implementation of the provisions of the law.It was brought to the notice of the court by the government that committees at the district level had already been formed.The bench comprising acting chief justice PC Ghose and justice Vilas Afzalpurkar directed the constitution of the state-level panel also in accordance with the statutory requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "book review", "code": "10665203", "title": "Long live Christmas\u00e2\u20ac\u00a6.and good food!", "text": "Book review: Twelve Days of ChristmasAuthor: Trisha AshleyPublisher: Avon HarperCollinsPages: 407Only an avid food lover can whip up such a delicious Christmas tale. Author of bestsellers such as 'A Winter's Tale', 'Chocolate Wishes' and 'Wedding Tiers', Trisha Ashley brings newness to the romantic comedy by deftly blending her interests in food, gardens and old houses with her passion for writing. Twelve Days of Christmas, published in 2010, is her eleventh novel and was dubbed a Sunday Times Bestseller with critics remarking on her 'down-to-earth humour'.A quintessential Christmas story with the right proportion of romance, wit, atmospherics, morals, festivity, and lots of 'mince pies', the author makes no mistake in cracking the winning formula. For the fans of Charles Dickens, particularly the ones that ardently flip through the pages of 'A Christmas Carol' on 25th December, here is a heartfelt tribute to the sense of nostalgia Christmas brings with it.At the centre of the events is young widow Holly Brown for whom Christmas has always been a sad time as it brings back painful memories of her husband Alan's death in an accident. Add to it her Strange Baptist upbringing that forbade her from indulging. Though as a child she was secretly envious of her school friends for being able to do Christmas like everyone else did - with gifts, gluttony and excess. For a living, Holly cooks for house parties in summer and retreats into a house-sitting job in winter to stay away from the festivities.Sitting by her ailing grandmother, Holly realises that her grandfather had not been the only man in her reserved Gran's life when she calls out 'Ned Martland' before breathing her last. Holly ruminates about her marriage to Alan and how she went overboard with the whole idea of Christmas by roasting turkey with all the trimmings and gifting each other stocking full of odd surprises. But the joy wasn't to last as a few days before Christmas Alan falls through a crack in ice while trying to rescue a dog. Devastated by the news of his death, Holly resolves never to do Christmas again. Laura, Holly's best friend, a petite blonde with blue eyes, and Alan's sister, brings in the much-needed perk in her life by hooking her up with other men or simply coaxing her to move on in life.Reluctant to join Laura in her Christmas dinner, Holly makes her escape by readily accepting Ellen's (her boss) request to look after a remote house on the Lancashire moors over Christmas. The owner of the house, Jude Martland, is also avoiding Christmas since the last one saw his brother run off with his fiancee. Holly drives down to Little Mumming, a small village where Old Place is tucked away, apprehensive but prepared to mind the house and the owner's dog and horse.Impressed, though, by its Jacobean facade, Holly is aghast to find the house in neglect in want of a good housekeeper. Jude's old dog Merlin soon becomes her shadow and trails her everywhere, from the paddock to the village shop. With Becca's (Jude's aunt) priceless tips on grooming horses, Holly comfortably settles down at Old Place doing her chores in the day and reading her Gran's journal on wartime nursing in the evenings - in hope of discovering who 'Ned Martland' was and whether he was related to Jude Martland. Contrary to her plans of a quiet Christmas, Holly starts hosting unexpected visitors at Old Place, from the local farmer to the gardener, to family, leaving her in the middle of a full-time cooking job. More visitors arrive, and some back for good. The plot gets predictable by now, making way for one big Christmas gathering and the impending romance between Jude and Holly. Still, Twelve Days of Christmas is unputdownable. The author's bias or, perhaps, weakness for food is manifest in the way the protagonist lovingly serves her food, experiments with new recipes as well as leftover food, and doles out invaluable tips on planning ahead for dinners.Finally, Jude Martland arrives on a snowy night and Holly's routine life is suddenly thrown off gear. She feels a strong connection with Jude, his family, his pets, and so much as begins to look forward to Christmas. With the only exception of a couple of passionate kisses exchanged in the kitchen, the great romance between Holly and Jud never quite takes off until the end, and this can be a disappointment for suckers for romance. Though, the writer beautifully makes up for it by sharing some of her exclusive Christmas recipes in the concluding pages.If you haven't yet read this warm wintry tale, its good time to pick up your copy and snuggle up with it over a steaming cup of coffee and some hot bakes. And this is unmistakably the writer's intent.If you like the book and wish to buy your own copy, click hereanwesha.mittra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396254", "title": "Food &amp; Drug Administration swoops on Civil Lines eateries", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Teams of the Food &amp; Drug Administration ( FDA ) on Tuesday conducted a series of raids at two city-based hostels in Civil Lines area and collected samples for examination.Chief food safety officer Hari Mohan Srivastava told TOI that raids were conducted at two eminent city restaurants located at Civil Lines and samples of food items including curd and a cooked dish were collected. \"We have collected a sample of curd from one restaurant and sample of a dish from another.Srivastava added that samples had been sent for examination and similar exercise would continue in days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17394587", "title": "Names in media interviews land Khemka in contempt loop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mentioning the name of a high court judge in media interviews, following his \"abrupt\" transfer from the department of land consolidation, has landed senior Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka in a contempt trouble.Taking suo motu cognizance of the mention of high court judge's name before media by the officer, Justice Ranjit Singh of the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday issued him a show cause notice. \"The officer had referred to this court by name, while appearing before media. Let a notice be issued to the officer as to why and in what authority had he referred to this court by name while making reference to the order passed and whether it would lead to violation of any norms or would be of the nature of contempt,\" Justice Singh observed.In his order, Justice Singh has also asked the registry branch of the HC to serve the notice to Khemka.On September 26, the high court had issued bailable warrants and showcase contempt notices against the Haryana special collector, the post was then held by Khemka. The notice was issued by Justice Singh after taking exception to non-appearance of the special collector, despite HC order, in a case related to alleged illegal allotment of land to a private party.In pursuance to the notice, Khemka had appeared before the judge on October 1 and expressed difficulty in not deciding the matter and explaining that he cannot take a decision because the appeal against it would be before an officer junior to him. Accepting the explanation, Justice Singh had asked the Haryana government to take a decision on giving the charge of this appointment to an officer who could competently exercise such powers of special collector.While taking cognizance of the matter, Justice Ranjit Singh observed, \"Subsequently, it was revealed that on the basis of this order, the special collector has challenged some action of the government in directing his transfer from the appointment held by him. This would be an issue between the officer and the government. But the officer had referred to this court by name.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393405", "title": "BMW driver was not drunk: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mankhurd police on Tuesday confirmed that Aarti Shetty, an accused in a road accident that claimed the life of a woman and injured three others, was driving after consuming a permissible quantity of alcohol. Shetty (32), who was said to have been drunk at the time of the incident, is out on bail and has the charge of death due to negligence on her.Senior inspector Shankarsingh Rajput of the Mankhurd police station told TOI that Shetty's blood report was received about five days ago. \"It revealed that she had 0.014 ml of alcohol in her blood. The report has concluded that she cannot be said to have been driving under the influence of alcohol,\" he said.Even as the police confirmed that Shetty was not driving \"under the influence of alcohol\", the deceased's son Sayyad Ali Raza (22) filed a petition in the Bombay high court, seeking the application of 'culpable homicide not amounting to murder' on Shetty. Raza's mother, Mubin Zehra Sayyad (38), succumbed to head injuries she suffered when the auto she was in was rammed from behind by Shetty's BMW sedan on the Sion-Panvel highway around 4.30am on November 1.After the mishap, Shetty was booked under the Indian Penal Code as well as under the Motor Vehicle Act (for drunk driving). The maximum punishment under the applied IPC section-304 A-is imprisonment for two years. Shetty is out on bail as the charge is bailable.Raza's petition, filed through lawyer Prakash Wagh, states that the police are not investigating the case seriously and are helping Shetty by \"intentionally overlooking\" the facts of the case. \"The relatives of the accused are influential people and on the basis of their influence, they had the accused released on the same day of the accident,\" the petition reads.Raza's plea is for the investigation to be transferred to the crime branch and the case to be tried in a fast track court. \"The accused had knowledge of the dangerous consequences of driving a car after consuming liquor. Still, she irresponsibly drove it,\" his petition reads.Speaking to TOI, he said the accident was a \"devastating blow\" to the family. While his sister aged 17 has refused to appear for her HSC board exams, his father is about to undergo his third surgery because of the injuries he sustained in the accident.He alleged that his father, brother and rickshaw driver who were all injured in the accident but conscious, saw that \"one lady who was in drunken condition and not in proper state of mind was driving the car abd two ladies who were also administered alcohol were sitting in the back\".The Mankhurd police denied the allegations. \"We were waiting for results to see if section 304 (II) can be added. However after receiving the reports the charge cannot be applied on our own now. However, if the court directs that the section is applicable, we will follow the orders,\" Rajput said.\"My sister was very attached to our mother and has been in shock ever since. My father has a garment business and is the whole and sole earning member. However, he has been in hospital for a month and we have almost finished all our savings,\" he said. Ali, who is currently doing his masters in commerce also wonders how the family is going to tide over the next few months with Hussain staring at a long road to recovery. \"We have received no help from the accused. They have not even bothered to call us up,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396192", "title": "Kerala University: Refresher course in nano science", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A refresher course in nano science will be conducted by the Academic Staff College of the Kerala University its university and college faculty members. The course will be held from January 3 to 23.Faculties of physics, chemistry, optoelectronics, material science and mechanical and electronics engineering can apply for the course. The application form and details are available either from the academic staff college or from the website www.keralauniversity.ac.in/ugcasc.The filled in application forms along with the consent letter of the principal concerned and demand draft of Rs 500 should reach the director, Academic Staff College, Kerala University, Karyavattom-695581 before December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394491", "title": "3 suspended in Nagpur Municipal Corporation revenue scam; loss pegged at Rs 57L", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has calculated the loss in revenue collection scam at Rs 57 lakh. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Tuesday suspended three Class-III employees. Deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui issued the suspension orders.The suspended employees are SB Rotke, assistant superintendent water works department, DT Ramteke, moharil at Dhantoli Zone's market department, and DR Patil, tax collector at Dhantoli zone. Rotke was working as market inspector at Dhantoli zone during the scam period. Similarly, Patil was peon at Dharampeth zone's health department but worked as bill clerk.Deputy director (audit) Suvarna Pande unearthed the scam at Dharampeth and Dhantoli zones. According to the enquiry report, Ramteke and Rotke collected around Rs 50 lakh revenue in 2009-10 and 2010-11 and did not deposit the money in NMC's account. Similarly, Patil collected Rs 7 lakh and did not deposit with the NMC. These employees had issued receipts and also recorded the collection in the zone's documents.It will be interesting to see whether more such skeletons exist in cupboard of other departments like property tax, water works and estate. The data of these three departments too show huge arrears pending since long as was the case with market and health departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "17393971", "title": "Heavy rush for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRottela Panduga\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NELLORE: Devotees thronged Nellore town on Tuesday to take part in the 'Rottela Panduga' as it is considered auspicious to visit the Barah Shaheed dargah on the day of gandhotsvam (chandan mahotsav).The town was packed with pilgrims who arrived from various parts of the country from early hours and the rush continued till late in the evening.The chief of Kadapa Ameen Peer dargah Arifulla Hussaini formally launched the gandhotsavam in the early hours.The dargah committee members brought gandham mixed in vessels in a specially decorated vehicle from Ameenia mosque in Kotamitta in the town around midnight. There was a minor stampede at the dargah as devotees jostled to receive the 'gandham' distributed by the dargah authorities.Police who intervened resorted to mild lathi charge to control the situation. Pilgrims had a holy dip in the Swarnala Cheruvu, a local tank and started exchanging rotis to fulfill their wishes. There was a heavy rush for udyogam rotte (roti of job) and pelli rotte (roti of marriage) on the banks of the Swarnala Cheruvu. With people, irrespective of their religion taking part in the festivities, Nellore town virtually turned into a sea of humanity.Although, the festivities began two days ago on the day of Muharram, the massive crowd turned up to take part in the event on Tuesday to take gandham from the dargah in addition to accept or leave roti in the tank waters.District collector B Sridhar was one of the first visitors to the dargah and offer special prayers to the Barah Shaheed. He offered a chadar to the dargah. The entire municipal administration officials including commissioner TSR Anjaneyulu camped on the banks of the Swarnala Cheruvu to oversee the arrangements for the pilgrims for the past two days.Municipal officials closely monitored the sanitation and drinking water supplies as thousands of devotees have been visiting the dargah since Monday. It took nearly 3-4 hours for darshan as all the queues were packed. SP Ramana Kumar and other senior police officials visited the dargah in the late hours of Monday and offered prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395185", "title": "Dubrajpur police firing: Senior cops may face transfers", "text": "KOLKATA: Even before the inquiry into the Durbrajpur police firing is over, the state home department is likely to shunt out DIG (Burdwan range) Basab Talukdar and IGP (Western range) Gangeswar Singh.The Police Establishment Board (PEB) has recently proposed that Talukdar be made the deputy inspector general of police (EFR), while S N Gupta may replace Singh as the inspector general of police (Western range). Joint CP (armed police) Shiv Shankar Dutta is likely to be the new DIG (Burdwan range).In another move, ADG (CID 1) C V Murlidhar, who personally supervised the preliminary probe in two cases leading to the arrests of CPM heavyweights Sushanta Ghosh and Laxman Seth, was cleared by the PEB on Tuesday to take charge of the relatively low-profile ADG (housing) post.While PEB recommendations are not binding on the state home secretary and the chief minister, very rarely are they turned down. In all these cases, chief minister Mamata Banerjee is yet to give her nod. The impending reshuffle talks were doing the rounds in the police directorate since last week and it was widely expected that these will be cleared on Tuesday. However, the scale of transfers borne out by the PEB proposals can again force a rethink by the government.In the Dubrajpur firing, the initial statements made by the state home secretary - and later even chief minister - were completely contradicted by the preliminary police report. While the government was quick to send Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena to \"compulsory waiting\" for failing to inform the police top brass, the report made it clear that two senior ministers and two senior officers - DIG (Burdwan range) and IGP (Western range) - were aware of it. So, the move to transfer Meena's two superiors is being seen as an attempt to bolster the view that the police directorate at the Writers' came to know about the incident only after it had taken place. To that effect, it also appears surprising that Gangeswar Singh, who is likely to be promoted as ADG soon, will have to wait and see how things proceed.The other proposals envisage appointing Kunal Agarwal as SP (West Midnapore), Sunil Chowdhury as SP (Hooghly), Rajesh Yadav as SP (Darjeeling) and Tanmoy Roychowdhury as the new DCP (Port). Senior-level transfers could see Mehboob Rehman becoming the joint CP (armed police), Tapas Ghosh, DIG (operations), and Dilip Bandopadhyay, DIG (Presidency Range). Anil Kumar may replace S N Gupta as the IGP (counter insurgency force). In another move, Nazrul Islam may swap places with Arwind Kumar Malliwal. The latter is tipped to take Nazrul's place as ADG (training).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396557", "title": "18,000 students to cast vote in Patna University polls", "text": "PATNA: Altogether 18,000 postgraduate and undergraduate students of Patna University (PU) will cast their votes to elect the office-bearers and executive members of Patna University Students' Union (PUSU). The polling will take place on December 11.PU students' union election committee chief Upendra Kishore Sinha said Magadh Mahila College has the highest number of voters (3200), followed by B N College (about 2700). A draft electoral roll of different colleges and postgraduate departments was issued by the university on Tuesday.The election committee has also decided the number of polling booths for postgraduate departments. There will be three booths for the students of science faculty, two for humanities faculty, six for social science faculty and two booths for the students of commerce, education and law faculties. On an average, there will be one polling booth for 350 to 400 voters. The principals of all the colleges have been authorized to fix the number of polling booths depending upon the number of voters in their respective institutions, Sinha said.Meanwhile, PU issued several notifications on Tuesday with regard to the code of conduct, electioneering and the conduct of elections. The institutions heads have been asked to earmark certain space on their premises for affixing handwritten posters by candidates contesting the elections. In no case, the candidates would be allowed to write slogans or fix posters on the walls and the buildings of colleges or university departments. The heads of institution have also been asked to fix certain period for canvassing of candidates. Use of vehicles and loudspeakers for campaigning has been completely banned.The university has convened a meeting of all deans of faculties, heads of department and college principals to discuss the various aspects of union elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395837", "title": "One-track mind: Cops target one violation a week", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic police, who were focusing on regulating traffic in areas affected by metro rail works, will now shift attention to dealing with violations by two-wheeler riders. The \"novel method\", according to additional commissioner of police (traffic) Karuna Sagar, is to focus on one violation every week.According to figures supplied by the city police, as many as 2,715 accidents in 2011 involved two-wheelers, resulting in 683 deaths. Of this, 667 deaths occurred because the victims were not wearing helmet. This year, till October, there were 2,478 two-wheeler related accidents and 654 deaths. Of these, 547 deaths occurred due to victims not wearing helmets.The special drive will focus on riders not wearing helmets, three people going on a bike, drunk driving and rash driving.\"We plan to focus on the violations one by one, allotting each week for one issue,\" said Karuna Sagar. Besides advising riders against violating rules, the traffic police will initiate action against violators. The first step will be making helmet compulsory for all two-wheeler riders. \"The two-wheeler riders should realize that they are being asked to wear a helmet not out of compulsion. They should realize it's their duty and it's for their own safety,\" added the traffic police chief.During the second week of the drive, the focus will be on catching hold of three people riding on a bike. Regular checks against drunk driving will continue and more check posts will come up at various points in the city in an effort to curb this dangerous practice, said an officer.However, two-wheeler riders do not appear to be too enthused by the \"new plan.\" The reaction of most riders contacted by this correspondent was 'cold'. \"Such rules have come and gone. They stay for a maximum of one week, and after that nobody cares about such rules. Not even the traffic police,\" said Apeksha Lodha, a two-wheeler rider. \"It's not that we don't realize our duty to wear helmet, but due to the heat and humidity, it's difficult to ride wearing helmets,\" said Archit, another rider.The traffic police clarify that those committing other violations will not go scot free during this drive. \"We will simultaneously book other cases,\" a traffic police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17396699", "title": "HC reserves order on plea by Alagiri's son", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the high court orders on petitions filed by Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi have been reserved.Justice C T Selvam, who heard the two petitions, seeking anticipatory bail to Durai Dhayanidhi and quashing of the non-bailable warrant (NBW) issued against him by the Melur judicial magistrate court, on Tuesday reserved his orders.Dhayanidhi's first anticipatory bail petition was rejected by the bench on September 25.Dhayanidhi and his partner, S Nagarajan, of Olympus Granites Private Ltd have been charged of causing a revenue loss of Rs 44 crore through illegal granite mining in Melur block.The Melur magistrate court passed the NBW on October 15 against Dhayanidhi. Challenging this, he filed an appeal in the Madurai bench, which on October 18 stayed the NBW. Besides, he had also filed an anticipatory bail petition before the bench which rejected the same on September 25. Following this, he filed the second advance bail petition.When both matters came up on November 21, they were posted to November 27. Accordingly, the petitions came up before Justice C T Selvam on Tuesday.Arguing that Alagiri's son is not a habitual offender, the defendant's counsel told the court that there is no need to issue an NBW against Durai. The police are not able to produce sufficient materials pertaining to the issuance of NBW, the defendant's counsel contended.However, the prosecution side that Durai has been booked under various Sections of the IPC and Explosives Act. After hearing the arguments from both the sides, the judge reserved his orders on both the petitions without mentioning any date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394524", "title": "Sculptors question tender process in Vivekananda memorial works", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) memorial to Swami Vivekananda has become shrouded in controversy over the tender process. The sculptors participating in the tenders are raising serious questions about the entire process.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had proposed the memorial at Ambazari lake's overflow point to mark the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The project was to cost around Rs 2.75 crore. The project was announced on Monday after approval of the standing committee for three works related to the memorial. However, the main proposal to build the statue itself was not tabled along with the three other works related to the project.According to information available with NMC and also provided by sculptors in race for the work, NMC had floated an expression of interest (EOI) inviting technical bids from interested sculptors. Nine sculptors participated in the EOI, including some from the city.Development engineer RV Warke told TOI that three of the nine sculptors qualified for the price bids. \"The sculptors were asked to submit bids on December 1. The bids will be opened on the same date,\" he said.NMC estimated the cost of the statue at Rs 85 lakh and invited price bids according to that value. The opening of price bids is the final stage for the tender process.However, the tenders have been finalized without approval of the cost from the standing committee. A senior NMC official told TOI that tenders cannot be invited and finalized before the consent of the standing committee.Warke confirmed that the EOI and process to finalize tenders was done before approval from standing committee but claimed it was not illegal. \"EOI was called to find the exact cost of the statue. NMC is not an expert in this work and so required EOI first,\" he said.Strangely, sources said that the standing committee passed a proposal to appoint a consultant for this project at the meeting on Monday, despite the tenders being in the final stage.Even leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre confirmed it was illegal if tenders were finalized before approval of standing committee, and a consultant was appointed at the end of the project.Denying any irregularities, Tiwari told TOI that the EOI may be called before the approval of standing committee. \"NMC used to follow such process many years ago. The funds approved in the budget may be considered as administrative approval,\" he said.A couple of sculptors rushed to NMC after Tiwari's statements on Monday. Tiwari had said the memorial will be a great success since a famous sculptor from New Delhi too participated in the tender process. He also gave details about the New Delhi-based sculptor and said other participants were from Indore, Pune and Amravati.\"We are from the city and participated in the tenders. Tiwari lauding a New Delhi-based sculptor before finalization of tenders raises questions. Besides, some conditions in the price bids are also questionable, including security deposit of Rs 21.75 lakh as against project of Rs 85 lakh,\" said a sculptor.The sculptor also said on condition of anonymity that he had quoted a bid of Rs 37 lakh whereas project cost was Rs 85 lakh. \"MP government had invited a similar tender at a cost of just Rs 40 lakh,\" he said.However, Tiwari insisted there was no irregularity in praising a New Delhi-based sculptor or in the tender process itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396401", "title": "Cops use phone records to crack bank robbery", "text": "BANGALORE: A networked society is helping police catch criminals quicker. And tech-savvy police are using digital tools to bust crime.Take the Chikkabanavara bank heist on November 19. A gun-toting youth barged into a bank around 4pm, shot a customer who died later and fled with Rs 15 lakh. But police had nabbed the culprits within five hours of the crime. And within six hours after that, his three accomplices too were in police custody.\"We got feedback from all mobile towers in the area and zeroed down on mobile numbers being used at the crime scene. After eliminating the numbers of witnesses in the bank, we were left with the robber's number. Once his number was identified, we tracked him to Majestic area where we caught him,\" a police officer explained.\"Access to the modern software and some basic information technology (IT) skills can help track down any criminal within hours of the crime. But there are few tech-savvy officers and even after training, some are reluctant to use these skills,\" said additional director general of police (crime and technical services) AM Prasad.Only a dozen of the 150 inspectors in the city are capable of tracking criminals using mobile phone records.Additional commissioner of police (law &amp; order) T Suneel Kumar likens mobile phones to fingerprints a criminal leaves behind at the crime scene. \"Wherever criminals go, they leave a mobile phone trail that enables us to catch them,\" he added.The same technique was deployed when north-east people resorted to a mass exodus from the city. \"Police found where the messages are coming from. Morphed images of incidents of killings in other coutries were used to scare north-east citizens by a couple of youths running a cyber cafe-cum-computer repair shop in Koramangala,\" said an officer.The officer admitted that more criminals are smartening up and not using mobile phones during a crime.How tracking worksThe tracking system has been used for over three years.\"During the Carlton Towers fire tragedy, a Domlur company offered the services of mobile locators of victims trapped in the building. People on any floor of the multi-storey building could be rescued by tracking their mobile phones, even after they fell unconscious.\" said a fire officer. The same technology is now being deployed to track mobile phones at crime scenes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394887", "title": "Residue testing of wine grapes now mandatory", "text": "PUNE: Test your grapes before brewing your wine. Wineries will now have to carry out a dual test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d first of their grapes and then their wine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to ensure the beverage India produces sails smoothly into the international market. Stung by the rejection of some Indian wines in the international market after chemical residues were found in them, the ministry of food processing industries has recently made residue testing of wine grapes mandatory.The ministry has already identified the city-based National Research Centre for Grapes as the referral lab and has even equipped it with testing machinery. Henceforth, all wineries in Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka will have to send their samples to the research centre for testing.\"So far, residue testing was being conducted only for table grapes and not wine grapes,\" said Govind Hande, horticulture officer, state agriculture department. Hande looks after 'winenet', an online platform where every wine bottle carries a bar code that can help trace the farm that supplied the grapes for producing the wine. It gives details about the variety of grapes, the area where they were grown, the farm owner and the purchaser of the grapes. This information is linked to the wine-making company's database, which has details of all grape suppliers.\"Samples of grapes will now have to be sent for testing before they are harvested. The vineyard will not be allowed to start wine production till it receives a clearance from the research centre regarding the grapes,\" Hande said.The second test will be done on the wine samples. \"If chemical residues are found in the samples , the company will be told to bring down the residue level. As per the new rule, no winery will be permitted to distribute wine without clearing both the tests,\" Hande said.The domestic wine industry produces 15 lakh cases (one case is equal to nine litres) every year at an annual growth rate of 25%. The turnover of the industry is in the range of Rs 500 crore. Wine grapes are grown on 7,000 acres in the state.The state government has proposed that the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) be the nodal agency for establishing wine grape parks and also be the main link between the Union and state agencies and stakeholders like farmers, processors and service providers.As per the proposal, the MIDC is developing Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur in Nashik and Krishna Wine Park at Palus in Sangli. It has provided land to entrepreneurs at reasonable rates and other infrastructure facilities like high quality internal roads, water supply, effluent treatment plant, quality control laboratory, power and telecom facilities. These parks are meant to increase awareness among investors regarding wineries and grape farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396556", "title": "SC honours Ludhiana advocate", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Supreme Court recently honoured city-based advocate Harpreet Sandhu, who is the former additional advocate general of Punjab, on the occasion of National Law Day. The function was organized by Supreme Court Bar Association on Monday at New Delhi.Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir and Union minister for law and justice Dr Ashwani Kumar handed over the certificate to Sandhu for his study \"German Indian Law - A Comparative Study\". Sandhu is one of the first criminal lawyers from Punjab to have received the honour for a legal study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17396896", "title": "Protest over results in Biju Patnaik University of Technology", "text": "ROURKELA: Failure to publish results of some students of Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT) has sparked strong resentment among them. Some of them, who have landed jobs in campus interviews, face the threat of losing the positions as a result of the lapse. The students, under the banner of BPUT Students' Union, staged a demonstration here recently demanding streamlining of examination system.\"Results of several students are either not published or withheld due to administrative faults,\" said Jitendra Dash, president of the union. \"In the recently-published results, 25 computer science students got back papers which appears strange,\" Das said. \"Similarly as many as 145 students out of total 147 students of Xavier Institute of Technology, Bhubaneswar, have back papers in thermodynamics while 180 out of 183 students of the same college have back papers in mechanics,\" Das added.Tarun Kumar Mishra, a student of Jagannath Institute of Engineering and Technology, Cuttack, had back paper in mechanical (vibration) in his seventh semester and applied for recheck in May, 2012. He is yet to receive any reply from the university. Tarun got appointment letter from OCL India Ltd. through campus interview and was due to join in September. He is now unable to do so since he is yet to get his certificates due to back paper.Deepika Priyadarshinee, an MBA student of The Techno School, Bhubaneswar, has been running from pillar to post to get her results of second, third and fourth semesters published.The BPUT authorities admitted administrative faults, but claimed that efforts are being taken to resolve the issue. \"We do not deny that results of some of the students have been withheld or not published due to administrative reasons, but we are trying to resolve the same as and when they are coming to our notice,\" said JN Satapathy, vice chancellor. \"Regarding mass back paper in some colleges, we have summoned the college authorities,\" Satapathy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394554", "title": "Western Coalfields Limited suspends 2 GMs, 3 sub-area managers over non-performance", "text": "NAGPUR: If the staffers of government undertakings have an impression that they will not have to pay for not working, what happened in Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) recently may leave them shocked. Five WCL officers, including two general managers and three sub-area managers, were suspended on Monday for non-performance. This was until now considered next to impossible in a PSU, since suspensions are normally linked to corruption cases only.The WCL officers facing action were drawing salaries in the range of Rs 75,000 to a lakh per month, apart from performance related pay. They were posted at Wani North and Ballarpur mining areas of the company.Apart from this, three sub-area managers have been shifted from the mining areas to be posted on administrative jobs and five officers of the same rank posted at mines in Chandrapur district have been warned to improve their performance within a fortnight or face the music.Sources in WCL say while suspensions due to corruption scandals may be common in the company this was the first time an officer has been suspended for non-performance.WCL which a subsidiary of Coal India Limited (CIL), a listed company passing through a tough phase, with production on the down slide. The management is unsure of meeting the target of 45 million tonnes during the current year, with current estimates saying producing will be only 43.15 million tonnes. The company has already projected losses of Rs 168 crore. The profits in the first half were only due to income from sources other than sales, such as interest of deposits.The company needs to clock up production of 1.4 lakh tonnes of coal a day, but has so far been 1.28 lakh tonnes, and only recently inched up to 1.32 lakh tonnes. Non-performance in such a situation is intolerable indeed, said a senior management official.One of the suspended sub-area managers, not wishing to be named, said it was for the first time non-performance has led to an action like suspension here. \"We have been charged with underutilization of equipment leading to low productivity. We were trying everything, and production had improved as compared to last year, but then the boss is always right,\" he said.About reaction from the officers' association, he said there is little likelihood of any voice being raised as the chairman-cum-managing director (CMD) DC Garg himself was active in the association for quite a long time.The CMD, who issued the orders, said that the officers were given enough chances to improve. There were inspections in their areas during which they were asked to improve. However, the final inspection of the equipment showed that machines like dumpers and shovels were used for hardly a quarter of their daily capacity. For example, a dumper which can be easily used for 12 hours a day was put to use for hardly 3 to 4 hours.Haphazard excavation was also seen in the mines under these officials, displaying a lack of planned approach. This led to wastage of man-hours, eventually hampering production, said Garg. He, however, refused to name the officials disciplined, citing confidentiality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17394199", "title": "MP govt rescinds order on freehold land to Gammon", "text": "JABALPUR: In a surprise move, Madhya Pradesh government has rescinded its earlier order allowing conversion of 15 acres of lease land in South TT Nagar in Bhopal into freehold in favour of Gammon India Limited. The land deal, ostensibly to set up a central business district in the heart of Bhopal, was challenged by a PIL in Madhya Pradesh high court which named as respondents chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and five of his cabinet colleagues.During the last hearing on last Monday, advocate general R D Jain apprised the division bench of the revised stance of for the government which in effect divests Gammon India of proprietary rights and changes the entire complexion of the case.The bench comprising Justice Ajit Singh and Justice Sanjay Yadav, taking note of the development has allowed more time to the petitioner and fixed December 5 for next hearing.According to the petition the government had overlooked the claims of 17 other companies and accepted Gammon India tender on February 8, 2008.Following this, the company was awarded a 30 years lease in the prime locality for constructing shopping centre, malls and multiplexes etc and the entire process entailed demolition of 400 houses and a school building. However, just after three years on September 22, 2011, the government executed a sale deed in favour of Deepmala Infrastructures Private Limited (DIPL) - an offshoot of Gammon India.The high court bench taking note of the development has allowed more time to the petitioner and fixed December 5 for next hearing.Talking to TOI on Tuesday petitioner Devendra Mishra said that collector Bhopal passed an order on June 26, 2012, which declared the land freehold and just two days later on June 28, DIPL was notified by the tehsildar to deposit Rs 6.5 crores (the mandatory amount of 1% of the total land valuation). Charging a conspiracy to benefit the company Mishra said that the marked 15 acres land was valued at Rs 747 crores as per the guidelines issued by the collector in April 2010.However, instead of an escalation in the cost, the price plummeted to Rs 342 crores when it was valued at the time of depositing 1% amount. The volte face by the government when the matter is sub judice also shows mala fide intention, he said.However, defending the move, additional advocate general Prashant Singh said that rescinding of the order during the pendency of the petition on November 2 was perfectly valid as there was no interim order which restrained the government from doing so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396536", "title": "Bihar's eco record poor,says green activist", "text": "PATNA: Noted environmentalist Anil Prakash Joshi, a recipient of Padma Shri and Jamnalal Bajaj award, an award given for promoting Gandhian values, social work and social development, has said that the Bihar government's record on the ecological front was poor, irrespective of the government's claims.On an ecological sojourn from Jalpaiguri in West Bengal to Dehradun in Uttarakhand , Joshi and his 11-member team reached here on Tuesday, cycling all the way from West Bengal and passing through the various districts of Bihar.The 57-year-old Joshi, having a rugged look with a worn-out kurta and pyjama, overgrown beard and hair and an old 'jhola', had quit his lucrative job of professor in Garhwal University in 1996. Anil told TOI that during his current tour, he and his team have travelled for 450kms and pedalled through 400 villages and 13 districts in both West Bengal and Bihar. \"We were taken aback by the rueful state of the forest cover in the two states and the part we have covered till now.\"As per him, infrastructural growth and high GDP are definitely the yardsticks of a growing economy, but no development plan could be a success without a higher GEP (Gross Ecological Product). However, he said, to his and his team's dismay, the ecology has been completely ignored by the government. The Khagaria-Patna belt, popular for vegetable growth, would soon be transformed into a less fertile area, like it happened in most parts of Punjab, due to over use of chemicals and chemical fertilizers, he said. These chemicals, consumed through vegetables, produce carcinogenic effect on individuals.On their three-point agenda of protecting forest cover, soil and rivers, Anil said they had heard a lot about Bihar's developmental drives, but what they had seen regarding ecological conservation had disappointed them. \"If you can provide cycles and uniforms to girls, why can't you also provide a community water filter to all villages,\" said Anil while speaking about the high iron content in drinking water in various villages of Bihar.\"It is sad to note that people in Bihar have become accustomed to 'chalta hai' attitude,\" Dwarika Prasad Semwal, a team member, said. He lamented that the rivers have become like drains and said that festivals like Chhath should be observed as movement to clean the Ganga, and not to make it dirty. \"The people of Bihar should give an example to the nation by converting the Chhath puja into a drive to clean the Ganga,\" said Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395494", "title": "Udyog Vihar to come out in support of Manesar", "text": "GURGAON: Industrialists from Gurgaon's Udyog Vihar are planning to join hands with their counterparts in Manesar in order to strengthen the front against HSIIDC's demand of external development charges (EDC) in IMT Manesar.According to sources, the next demonstration in Manesar is slated for November 30, and is likely to be attended by several industrialists and association representatives from Gurgaon, who are seeing their involvement as a mark of solidarity.\"The EDC issue doesn't affect us directly. But we still stand with Manesar's industrialists and plot owners, who are being unfairly taxed by the HSIIDC,\" said H R Vaish, president of Udyog Vihar Chamber of Industries. In the previous few months, large-scale protests have been carried out in IMT Manesar against the levying of EDC there, which many have called unfair, and some even illegal. But this time around, the crowds are expected to thicken, with EDC having a become something of a rallying point for industrialists from different areas. \"We will be there, with our full support, to strengthen the protest of our fellow industrialists in Manesar. This high-handed approach the HSIIDC takes with the industrial community must end,\" Vaish added.Recently, industrialists of Manesar, Gurgaon and other areas like Kundli and Karnal came together to form a Confederation of Haryana Industries Association. And with this joint body in place, such shows of support are likely to become more common.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395297", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan to promote new tiger movie", "text": "PANAJI: Environment conservation has two new poster boys. Amitabh Bachchan and John Abraham have volunteered to promote Green Oscar awardee Mike Pandey's first feature length documentary film 'Return of the Tiger.' The film is set to break all conventions as it is preparing to be screened commercially in theatres.Pandey said that the film speaks about how an ordinary person's life is linked to that of a tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394052", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board to cock a snook at Supreme Court order?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three months after its move to revoke a closure notices issued against 12 highly polluting pharma companies in the city, the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has now gone a step ahead and is most likely to lift a 15-year-old ban on expansion of bulk drug units in the Patancheru-Bollaram industrial belt, highly-placed sources said on Tuesday.This hazardous decision (issued through Government Order no: 62), environmentalists fear will result in a serious rise in pollution levels of the area already crowded with more than 400 such drug manufacturing units. Incidentally, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), in its report compiled in 2009-10, had declared the zone as one of the 24 \"most critically polluted areas\" in the country.A final decision on lifting of the ban, which attained a permanent status after the Supreme Court order of 1998, is expected to be taken during PCB's board meeting slated for December 4. While the official 'custodian' of the city's environment (read: PCB), egged on by the state government, had made a similar attempt in 2011, the proposal failed to see the light of the day owing to various reasons. According to PCB sources, this time, however, the board is seriously considering lifting the ban that not just restricts expansion but also disallows setting up of any new bulk drug/pesticide/dye and dye intermediate manufacturing units, along with all other kinds of highly polluting industries, in this area.\"PCB bosses have even roped in three eminent scientists to prepare a report vouching for dropping pollution levels in the industrial belt over the years,\" said a senior official of the department on condition of anonymity. The official further indicated that the industry-friendly PCB was in no mood to make the report public. \"The top brass does not want 'outsiders' to find out about the report as it will only expose their manipulations,\" the official added. The board is expected to approach the apex court armed with this study to facilitate lifting of the ban.\"Even when the ban was in place, these industries, in connivance with government departments, have surreptitiously expanded their operations. If the ban is lifted, these polluting units will cause tremendous damage, especially to the water in the area,\" said city environmentalist Capt J Rama Rao, who has been battling against the issue for years now. Unfortunately, Rao's consistent pleas to officials both at the state office and central ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), have failed to yield any result so far. Neither have the numerous reports tabled by organizations such as the National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) or Greenpeace. While NGRI studies showed an abnormally high presence of arsenic in the water -- at least 700 times more than permissible level -- of the area, Greenpeace surveys established an alarming rise in pollution-related illnesses like cancer, heart diseases, asthma and bronchitis.\"Apart from the water of the surrounding districts (Medak, Rangareddy, Mahbubnagar, Nalgonda) the effluent-filled sewerage discharged by these units is also killing the city's most important water body, the Hussainsagar. It is a shame that the PCB is even contemplating such a move,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL).Apart from PCB bosses (chairman and member secretary), the board meeting is likely to be attended by an array of other senior officials including commissioner (industries), special chief secretary (MoEF), senior official of the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation. \"There is only a proposal to lift the ban following representation from various bulk drug manufacturers' associations. We have not taken a decision as yet,\" said M Ravi Chandra, member secretary, APPCB.Times viewThe toxic effluents discharged by the bulk drug manufacturing units in the Pantancheru industrial belt have led to serious health issues among residents of the 22 villages located in its vicinity. Reports by various research groups drawn up over the past one decade indicate a drastic rise in respiratory ailments among these dwellers. That apart, important water bodies like the Musi River and Hussainsagar Lake too have fallen prey to the sewerage dumped by these units into nalas connecting them. As a result, the flora and fauna count in these water bodies have hit an all-time low. Considering these serious ill-effects, the state PCB should comply with the Supreme Court order and not allow expansion of any of these units. In fact, strict regulations should be put in place to ensure that these drug manufacturers comply with PCB norms and check their effluent discharges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17394899", "title": "CMs to discuss Cauvery row this week", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396303", "title": "Minister furious with errant Kidwai doctors", "text": "BANGALORE: Medical education minister SA Ramdas' surprise visit to Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology on Tuesday revealed the sorry state of affairs in the state's premier cancer care institution.A furious minister pulled up a senior oncologist for being irregular to work and recommended the installation of the biometric system to ensure there was no absenteeism among the staffers.The minister was attending the Rajyotsava celebrations at the hospital, when he decided to pay a surprise visit to some departments to get a first-hand report of the situation. He visited the general ward, OPD, children's ward and blood bank.Ramdas warned that doctors and staff who were irregular at work would be suspended, and remaining absent for more than three days without prior notice would invite drastic action.He also recommended the suspension of a blood bank laboratory technician for alleged dereliction of duty. At the blood bank, the minister spotted lab technician S Lokraj standing in a corner. On questioning, Lokraj said he wanted to attend the Rajyotsava celebration.Ramdas sought his work records but was told the file hadn't been maintained. Upset with his response, the minister said he had been receiving many complaints against him. Ramdas recommended the constitution of a committee to hold an inquiry against Lokraj.Filed by: hetal/ Cleared by: s Prasad/ gul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396336", "title": "Cong protest against exclusion of Azad Park", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Expressing ire over non-inclusion of Chandrashekhar Azad Park in sites earmarked for beautification for Kumbh Mela, Congress workers staged a dharna at the statue of revolutionary Chandrashekhar Azad here on Tuesday and raised slogans against the state government.Congress leader Mukund Tiwari said the Central government has sanctioned Rs 800 crore for Kumbh Mela but the lackadaisical attitude of the state government is resulting in waste of funds instead of proper utilisation. \"How can the government forget the contribution of Azad during the freedom struggle. It is very surprising that the park where Azad attained martyrdom has been excluded from beautification prior to Kumbh,\" he said.Congress workers demanded that the state government should include the Azad Park in the list of spots earmarked for beautification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394015", "title": "Tenders for Krishna water treatment plant invited again", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) will issue a fresh notification this week inviting tenders for construction of a water treatment plant (WTP) for the proposed Krishna drinking water supply project phase III.The water treatment plant is a major component of the project. The Board had floated tenders for the WTP under package-V and the expected commercial value (ECV) was pegged at Rs 141.07 crore. The Water Board has proposed the 410 million litres per day (MLD) capacity WTP at Kodandapur for supplying treated water to the city through Krishna project.\"We are calling for re-tenders as three major firms - Ramky Infrastructure Ltd, Geo Miller and Co Ltd, an MNC, and Mega Engineering - have filed their tenders, but we disqualified them as they failed to upload proper documents. As per rules and regulations, the firms participating in e-tender have to upload documents like registration and experience,\" a senior HMWS&SB; told TOI.The Water Board had opened both technical and financial bids on November 22 and scrutinised them.Generally, the firms upload improper documents deliberately. \"We found that the documents filed by the three firms were not as per rules and regulations. Hence, we disqualified them\", he said.The HMWS&SB; had floated tenders for taking up the Rs 1,670 crore project, which aims to bring 90 MGD water to Greater Hyderabad by 2013, under 10 packages.Incidentally, Mega Engineering has filed tenders for packages-VI, VII, VIII, IX and X and successfully won the bid in packages VI, VIII,IX and X as joint venture with other firms. However, for package-V, an important component in Krishna phase III, none of the three firms qualified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394444", "title": "Mumbai cops on toes for nakabandis as seniors talk tough", "text": "MUMBAI: A strong message has been sent out from the top brass of the city police to all police stations, directing them to take nakabandis seriously. Officers, who fail to detect the \"dummy goods'' being ferried across the city, will be issued a warning for the first time. \"The second time they make a mistake, we will take serious note of it,'' a police officer said. The officer, however, refused to elaborate on the punishment.Motorists got a taste of the enhanced police action early on Tuesday when at various locations policemen did not allow any vehicle without a thorough check. It was also the fourth anniversary of the 26/11 terror attack and the lone arrested terrorist, Ajmal Kasab , was hanged only last week.An eyewitness stated that while she was on her way home in a company's car with three other colleagues, she was surprised when the car got stuck in a traffic jam around 1.20am on Tuesday as they entered Bandra (W). She said. \"I was pleasantly surprised to see policemen thoroughly checking every vehicle. I saw senior officers among them. They asked each driver to open the boot and took a look inside. There was an empty speaker box in the boot of our car and the cops even picked up the box and opened it to look inside before allowing our car to pass.\"An officer stated that they don't want to take any chance and ensure that most vehicles should be properly checked during the nakabandi to avoid seniors' ire. He said, \"Earlier, we took nakabandi very casually but after the recent warning, we are now taking the work very seriously, at least to ensure that we are doing our best to detect the suspects.\"At a meeting kast week, the senior police officer instructed policemen to strengthen the nakabandi and that deputy commissioners of police and above level officers should personally check the arrangements to ensure there are no loopholes. Earlier, during nakabandis, sometimes only constables or a couple of junior police officers were present at spots to check vehicles. Besides, policemen have been also asked to conduct combing operations, check hotells, especially foreigners living in the jurisdiction of respective police stations and ensure tight security at vital installations.The police officers are personally visiting hotels and advising them about the security measures. A senior officer said, \"It is a routine affair but henceforth we will be more strict.\"On Tuesday, the police conducted a mock drill at a five star hotel in suburb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396596", "title": "Colour games, poems top list of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dclearning-to-do\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: Manas, 3, and his cousin Hridaya, 3 have been playing colour identifying games with their moms, Ananya Sethi and Hardeep, as both are preparing to get admission to nursery this year. Their parents have applied to three schools, DPS, Bal Bharti and Sacred Heart in Sarabha Nagar.\"I came to know that the questions this year are more about colours and poem recitation, so we are making sure that both of them know their colours and rhymes,\" says homemaker Ananya, a resident of Sarabha Nagar. Most parents have applied to two and more schools for their wards' nursery admission.Interaction sessions of kids and their parents with teachers are part of the admission criteria in all the schools.Children up to the age of three years are gearing up for admission to nursery and since some of the schools have already started the process, the parents who have already been part of theses sessions are giving valuable tips to other parents who are still to go through these.And as getting their admission to nursery is no kids play, parents are making sure that their kids are well prepared. \"The schools we have applied to have interaction sessions as the admission criterion, so we are spending a lot of time making my son, Rishu, who is two-and-half years old learn the alphabet, counting, colours and rhymes,\" said Ashish Paul, 30, an IT professional, who is a resident of BRS Nagar.\"My son Aditya has learnt to count on his fingers and recites his poem thrice a day. And since last month whenever he wants anything, we have been encouraging him to say, 'I need my red ball or my black shoes'. This way the colours are getting reinforced in his mind,\" said Shaleen Khanna, 26, a homemaker.November-end and mid December will witness many interaction sessions in schools like Sacred Heart in Sarabha Nagar, DPS, Ayali Kalan, Bal Bharti, Dugri, Ryan International School, Dugri and Jamalpur and BCM, Shastri Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395525", "title": "Teacher found dead; student commits suicide", "text": "LUCKNOW: A retired teacher was found dead at his home located in Vasant Vihar colony in Kalyanpur area on Tuesday morning. Family members suspect that 64-year-old retired inter-college teacher Shyam Sundar Yadav, had been murdered sometime on Monday, when they had gone out. Yadav was alone at home as his wife had gone along with younger daughter to Faizabad on Sunday to attend housewarming ceremony of her other daughter's new home.The wife of the deceased tried reaching him on Monday over the phone, but got worried when her attempts failed to meet any response till late Monday night. It was then a relative who stays in Jankipuram area was informed to go to the family's home to find out Shyam's whereabouts.Ramautar Yadav, the relative who went to Shyam's home found the door open and also found his body on lying on the bed. The Gudamba police was informed immediately about the incident and the policemen arrived at the spot along with dog squad and forensic experts.Cops suspect that Shyam was strangulated by one or more acquaintances and also found liquor bottles, boiled eggs and unclaimed clothes (female sweater) and other objectionable objects, at the crime scene. Shyam is survived by two daughters and two sons and gave tuitions at home. Shyam retired as a teacher from one of the inter colleges in the old Lucknow area.In another incident, an engineering student gave up his life in Vikasnagar on early Tuesday morning miffed at his father's drinking habits.Arun Sharma, 21, ended his life by hanging himself from the ceiling fan with a stole around 4.30 a.m. on Tuesday. Sharma was a student of BTech third year and was pursuing the course from Ram Swaroop Engineering College. Sharma hailing from Kaiserganj area in Bahraich district, used to stay with his maternal uncle at Sector-C in Jankipuram area.Sharma left behind a suicide note blaming his father for the extreme act. \"Nobody would stop you from drinking anymore. My patience is over and I am ending my life,\" read the note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17396013", "title": "Family abandons old mother as bank tries to attach house", "text": "COIMBATORE: The frail old woman with a bed sheet thrown over her was on a cot unable to move and watched over by a team of bank officials and court representatives who had come armed with a court order to attach the house pledged as guarantee in the bank way back in 1988.Her four children including two sons had left behind Khurshid Begum, 63 and paralysed on the left side of her body, when the officials arrived on Tuesday to execute the order as they had no place to take their mother. Unable to handle the situation, the bank officials also left, but after filing a complaint with Kuniamuthur police alleging that the old woman's family members abandoned her in an attempt to stall their proceedings.After the court officials left, this reporter entered the house. A mosquito coil and a bottle of water have been kept adjacent to the cot by a few local residents who too were undecided about the woman. \"I am thirsty. Can you please give me some water?\" asked Begum when she saw this reporter.Begum has been forced to endure the ordeal as her late husband K Gaffur, a workshop owner, had pledged their 11-cent property as guarantee for a Rs 2.45-lakh loan from Indian Bank's Variety Hall Road branch in 1988. According her son, K G Riyaz Ahmed, who works in a foundry, his father had pledged the document for availing a loan for a resident of B K Pudur associated with a firm called Kumarappa Polybags. Gaffur renewed the agreement in 1991 but he passed away on September 29, 1992.\"We were not aware about the issue until we received court notice from the bank in 1996 when they moved against us through the Debt Recovery Tribunal. We have also filed writ petitions seeking time but the bank moved against us,\" said K G Rizwan Basha, another of Begum's sons.The bank officials at the spot said the procedure was being carried out as per the order of chief judicial magistrate court after they moved The Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Securities Act 2002. The bank had already taken over the property and auctioned it for Rs 40.5 lakhs in 2010.\"The property has already been auctioned by the bank and the family was not moving out. We were unable to hand out the possession to the buyers. We had given ample time to the family and had also informed them in advance about the procedure. The total amount with pending interest has gone up to RS 35 lakhs now ,\" said one of the bank officials at the spot.However, the family members claimed they had filed a fresh writ petition seeking more time before the Madras high court on November 21 which is expected to come up for hearing in the coming week. \"The family members were present initially at the spot when we arrived in the afternoon. But then they just abandoned their mother and left the spot. We had even arranged for private ambulances to shift her to hospital but some of the local residents prevented the ambulances from coming to the spot,\" said a court official at the spot.Local police personnel also claimed that they were at the spot just to ensure there was no law and order issue and were helpless to take any decision about the old woman. At around 9.15pm the bank officials prepared an inventory of the household items and kept it locked inside a vacant shop which was also part of Gaffur's property.\"My mother is a diabetic patient and she has to be given insulin shots. I do not know what to do now. We have decided to keep mother where she is at the moment as she is not on the road but inside our compound. We will have to look for some alternatives,\" said Riyaz.However, some of the local residents claimed the family has relatives in the locality and they might shift the old lady to one of their homes late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17395141", "title": "Bengal minister steps up corruption fight", "text": "SINGUR: A phone call from the CM secretariat on Tuesday inviting him to Mamata Banerjee's administrative meeting at Singur on November 30 isn't enough to pacify disgruntled minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya. The soft-spoken mastermoshai is yet to make up his mind. But he is firm against the rising corruption among a section of party ranks.Taking the cue from none other than Mamata Banerjee over the \"cut-money\" (phelo kori makho tel) issue, Bhattacharya instead took a step ahead and wanted the Trinamool chief to initiate a rectification campaign in the party before the panchayat polls.\"I have been getting information from across the state during my tenure as minister. Corruption is there at my backyard. Many people voted for our party looking at the honesty of our leader. They won't rely on us if we can't weed out the problem before the panchayat polls. Mamata Banerjee should undertake a rectification campaign, examine the complaints and if proved true she should purge the unwanted,\" Bhattacharya said.The minister also asserted that he won't allow corruption in Singur, given his limited capacity as an ordinary Trinamool member.Bhattacharya recalled getting two such complaints over school appointments where some of his senior partymen had demanded cut money.\"I discussed the matter at a party meeting in Singur, citing the complaints,\" the respected mastermoshai said, building pressure on others in the Singur Trinamool, including the new minister Becharam Manna.His comments came handy to the Left. Left Front chief whip in the West Bengal Assembly Anisur Rahman called the rebel minister on his landline and sympathized with him. Rahman told the minister that they are upset with what has happened to him. Even CPM's Krishak Sabha veteran Balai Sapui made a courtesy call to the minister.\"Anisur Rahman with whom I worked in the Assembly called me from Kolkata. Local CPM veteran Balai Sabui was also among the callers. Anyone is free to call me,\" the disgruntled minister said.A message has already reached the CM that the Singur villagers still stand by their mastermoshai. Sensing the mood, the chief minister has asked the district administration to expedite the setting up of the state agricultural college, a demand that Bhattacharya has been raising since long.Accordingly, the district administration did a spot survey of the school that Rabindranath Bhattacharya worked with - Singur Mahayamaya School - and identified seven rooms to start the work of the college on a temporary basis from the next academic session. This apart, the administration has identified 56 bighas of land behind the Singur hospital to start work on the college building.\"I am happy that the state government is setting up the college. People of Singur wanted it since long,\" the minister said. Asked whether he was going to the CM's meeting on November 30, Bhattacharya said: \"Let me see first how the government defines my status - as minister or MLA- when it sends the formal invite for the programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394834", "title": "Meet on learning disabilities on December 1", "text": "NAGPUR: A national seminar for teachers and educators on managing children suffering from dyslexia and other learning disabilities (LD) will be held in city on December 1 and 2. It will have 11 faculties of national and international repute like Chetana Keni, Dr Anindita Chatterjee, Lalitha Ramanujan and Dr MC Matthews.Organized by Rotary Club of Nagpur East in association with Sheikh Asgharali Hasanali Maimoon Charitable Trust and Inner Wheel Club of Nagpur East, the seminar will include several innovative methods of teaching children suffering LD including the use of dramatics demonstrated by former Miss India and a special educator Swaroop Rawal. Topics like identification, assessment and remedial teaching will be taken up in the two days.\"We have a resource centre for children with dyslexia at Chhaoni run by Dr Nisreen Maimoon and Dr Sofia Azad while Keni is also running a school for children with special learning needs. The experience of running them will be shared with the participants,\" said president of the club Madhav Mohta.Several experts from the city will also be present. \"Paediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta, psychologist Anupama Gadkari, psychiatrist Dr Abhishek Somani and speech therapist Neelu Somani will be a part of the event. We would also be felicitating Dr G Shahikala for her dedicated help for children suffering from cerebral palsy,\" said secretary of the club Gopal Lahoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396472", "title": "School lecturer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s car hits bike, kills man", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A motorcyclist, Kuldeep Singh, 45, a resident of Patiala, was killed after a speeding car rear-ended his bike on the road dividing sectors 35 and 36 around 4pm on Tuesday. Singh had stopped his motorcycle on the roadside to attend a call on his cellphone when the car \u00e2\u20ac\u201d driven by Sarita Ghosh, a lecturer at a convent school \u00e2\u20ac\u201d hit his bike.The hit was so strong that Singh was tossed up into the air before his head hit a road berm. The car too was overturned and Ghosh received minor injuries. With critical injuries on his head, Singh was taken to PGI, where doctors declared him brought dead. Ghosh is admitted to Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, where her condition is stated to be stable.Surinder Yadav, an eyewitness, said, \"The motorcyclist was wearing a turban. He was busy talking on the phone when the accident took place. Two traffic policemen, who were deployed on the road, and a few passersby pulled the woman out of the car.\" Yadav runs a tea-stall on the roadside.The car was coming from Sector 44 and the motorcyclist was going towards Sector 22. The accident brought the traffic on the road to a halt for over half-an-hour.Sector 36 police station SHO Bhupinder Singh said, \"A case has been registered. Ghosh will be arrested after she is discharged from the hospital.\" The police said Singh's identity was established with the help of his driving licence. His family was yet to be apprised of the matter.The body was kept in the mortuary of PGI. A postmortem would be conducted in the presence of his family on Wednesday.After learning about the accident, many friends and relatives of Ghosh reached the hospital. Her husband is an official with Defence Research and Development Organization, Sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395165", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust complains against Goa state pollution control board's 'high-handedness'", "text": "PANAJI: After Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) declined to give its 'consent to operate' for handling coal and coke at berth no 10 and 11, Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) on Tuesday complained to chief secretary B Vijayan on the functioning of the board and demanded an inquiry into the functioning of GSPCB.'GSPCB chairman stated that the matter will be technically and scientifically studied to find the baseline data on particulate matter once the entire coal and coke is evacuated,' MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan stated in the letter to the chief secretary.He further raised a question on why was coal operation stopped when the GSPCB does not have baseline data, adding that it 'showed they have been working without any kind of data at their disposal'.'The events narrated above clearly show the high-handedness of the GSPCB and scant regard for rules and regulations. I request you to enquire about the functioning of GSPCB and take appropriate action in this regard,' stated Pandiyan.'I would like to bring to your kind notice the high-handed approach of the GSPCB regarding the coal operations at berth No.11. Under the pretext of coal pollution, the GSPCB stopped coal operations at berth No.11. After stopping the coal operations, we have represented to GSPCB about reduction in coal pollution due to effective measures taken by the MPT,' the letter stated.Scientific data was given to them to prove that it is far below the permissible limit, stated Pandiyan. GSPCB on November 23 rejected MPT's plea to allow coal and coke handling at berths 10 and 11, though the port claimed it was facing a financial crisis. MPT had requested permission to unload a ship carrying coal at berths 10 and 11 under the board's monitoring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396171", "title": "Poor HIV patients can travel free to ART centres", "text": "BANGALORE: Soon, economically weak HIV-positive patients in Karnataka will be reimbursed for the expenditure they incur travelling to their nearest Anti Retroviral Therapy (ART) centres.The measure comes in the wake of a high instance of dropouts recorded at ART centres by the Karnataka State Aids Prevention Society (KSAPS).\"The amount spent on travelling to the nearest ART centre will be reimbursed to poor HIV-positive patients,\" said Manoj Kumar Tripathi, project director, KSAPS. The Society also announced a rally in the city on December 1 to mark World Aids Day.\"The rally will begin at Vidhana Soudha and end at Freedom Park. A day-long programme will focus on awareness of Aids,\" said Manoj.KSAPS also shared some statistics on the prevalence of HIV, which show a heartening decline in adult HIV cases in the state. \"The figure has gone down to 0.69% in 2010 from 1.5% in 2003-04. It has declined among young women in the 15-24 age group as well. HIV positivity in antenatal clinic attendees has also declined to 0.24%,\" said Manoj.HIV AND STATEAdult HIV prevalence --- 0.69%Estimated number of People Living With HIV (PLHIV) --- 2,45,522Total HIV cases registered at ART centres --- 2,32,761PLHIV on ART --- 85,605Total number of children on ART --- 5,618", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17397352", "title": "Promotion of Telugu is laudable, but not at cost of English", "text": "It is a welcome move on the part of the state government to promote Telugu, the official language of Andhra Pradesh. However, one thing needs to be kept in mind before such a move is aggressively pushed -- that in this age of the internet and mobile communication where the world has shrunk into a village, those well versed in English are ending up with more opportunities. Countries like China and Japan who have long ignored the language are realising and taking remedial steps now. Therefore, while it is laudable to promote Telugu, it should not be at the cost of English. Otherwise the youth of the state who would end up as the losers.Related story:  We aim to build strong Telugu workforce, says Andhra Pradesh Official Language Commission chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17393428", "title": "Setback for Zakia in fight against clean chit to Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed SIT and chief minister Narendra Modi got a major relief on Tuesday. A magisterial court rejected the plea of Zakia Jafri, whose husband and former MP Eshan Jafri was killed in the 2002 Gujarat anti-Muslim pogrom, to file a protest petition against clean chit to Modi and others in connection with the massacre.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra rejected Zakia's right to object to SIT's closure report by filing a petition, after she failed to file one despite repeated adjournments.On Tuesday, the magistrate rejected her plea which was filed on November 23 seeking more time to file the protest petition on the grounds that she has moved the SC with a clarification about the scope of SIT's investigation. Ganatra observed that it was limited to the Gulbarg Society massacre in which Eshan Jafri was killed. She asked the magistrate to give her time to file the application till the apex court decides the issue.The magistrate rejected the plea saying that the finalization of the issue was not under Zakia's control. \"The complainant cannot be given unlimited time in filing such a petition for the kind of reasons put forth by her,'' the court said, while observing that the complainant was granted time more than once in the past, but she made undue delay.The magistrate maintained that Zakia would have a right to make an oral submission during proceedings over the closure report. Her counsel, S M Vora, expressed his reservations over this order and submitted to the court that the SC is to hear Zakia's special leave petition on December 3 and the court ought to have waited till then at very least. The next hearing on the closure report is on December 5.The SIT submitted its closure report on Zakia's complaint against Modi and 62 others accusing them of involvement in the conspiracy of the 2002 riots in February. Zakia was given a copy more than a month later. For nearly three months, the court heard her applications for various demands from placing the missing documents to providing legible copies.During these months, various issues arose in the proceedings. While Zakia sought to oust investigating officer Himanshu Shukla, SIT vehemently objected to social activist Teesta Setalvad's intervention in the proceeding.Since these proceedings were over, the SIT demanded that Zakia should file her protest petition soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394652", "title": "Businessmen consider protest against govt's 'anti-industrialization' rules", "text": "JAIPUR: The government's decision to levy urban development (UD) tax, increase in electricity tariffs and provision to receive mandatory no objection certificate from pollution department has agitated the industrialist in the state. Angry businessmen are now considering a statewide protest and claim that the decision is anti-industrialization.After receiving the notices of property attachment for non-payment of UD tax last week from Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC), industrialists in the Vishwakarma Industrial Area (VIA) have threatened a protest. The JMC has served notices to all establishments in VIA to pay their dues of UD tax from years 2007 to 2010. Four establishments have also received notices of property attachment from the civic authority.The industrialists contested the notices on the point that all industrial areas in Rajasthan are looked by the Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation (RIICO) for which they have been charged.\"RIICO ensures the sanitation, development and other necessary infrastructure arrangements like streets lights etc in VIA. For these services we pay taxes to RIICO. JMC has no role to play here. The government has levied UD tax for year 2010,\" said Tarachand Chaudhary, president, VIA.\"Those who received notices of property attachment have been charged UD tax up to year 2012-13. The government is going against its own decision which is illegal,\" Chaudhary added.The association also protested against the hike in electricity tariffs and adding water cess and electric duty in the bills. \"Increase of 50 paise per unit and Rs 10 per horse power on fixed connections will make our products costly and unattractive in the market. The neighbouring states will gain and their products will enter the market forcing us to shut our shops,\" said Vinod Arya, president of United Council of Rajasthan Industries.Manufacturers also raised objections for making it mandatory to obtain a no objection certificate from the pollution board for electricity connections and installing water harvesting systems in their factory premises. Also the government decision of not granting permission to industries established on unapproved land has disturbed the entrepreneurs.\"We are a dignified community and do not want direct confrontation with the government. But if we are forced to obey the rules made by the government then it is impossible for us to expand or set up a new unit,\" added Arya.EomJaipur: Government decision of levying of urban development (UD) tax, increased in electricity tariffs and provision to receive mandatory no-objection certificate from pollution department has stirred-up the industrialist in the state. Agitated businessmen are now considering for state wide protest and claimed it government decision as anti-industrialisation.After receiving the notices of property attachment for non-payment of UD tax last week from Jaipur Muncipal Corporation, industrialists in the Viskwakarma Industrial Area (VIA) have threatened for protest. The JMC has served notices to all establishments in VIA to pay their dues of UD tax from year 2007-2010. Four establishments have also received the notices of property attachment from the civic authorityThe industrialists contested the notices on the point that all industrial areas in Rajasthan are looked by the Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation (RIICO) for which they have been charged.\"RIICO ensures the sanitation, development and other necessary infrastructure arrangements like streets lights etc in the VIA. For these services we pay taxes to RIICO. JMC has no role to play here. Also government has levied off the UD tax from us in the year 2010\" said Tarachand Chaudhary, president, VIA.\"Those who received the notices of property attachment are been charged UD tax upto the year 2012-13. A government is going against its own decision which is illegal\" he added.The association also protested against the hike in electricity tariffs by the Discom and adding water cess and electric duty in the bills. \"Increase of 50 paise per unit and Rs. 10 per horse power on fixed connections will make our products costly and unattractive in the market. The neighbouring state will gains and there products will enter into market forcing us to shut our shops\" said Vinod Arya, president United Council of Rajasthan industries.Manufacturers also raised their objections for making it mandatory to obtain no-objection certificate from pollution board for electricity connections and installing of water harvesting systems in their factory premises. Also the government decision of not granting permission to industries established on unapproved land has disturbed the entrepreneurs.\"We are a dignified community and do not want direct confrontation with the government. But if we are forced to obey the rules made by the government then it is impossible for us to expand or put a new unit\" added Arya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17395333", "title": "India must help maintain peace in Sri Lanka: Prasanna Vithanage", "text": "Sri Lankan filmmaker Prasanna Vithanage, who is at Iffi for the screening of his film With or Without You, said that India has a major role to play in maintaining peace in Sri Lanka. His film speaks about how the conflict between Sri Lanka and Tamilians affected the lives of ordinary Sri Lankans who are not on either side of the war. \"For some India is a big brother in Sri Lanka. For others, it is the land of Buddha. For some it is the country of Shah Rukh Khan. So every Sri Lankan has his own way of looking at India. India has been very supportive of Sri Lanka during the Tamil conflict. Most Tamilians want India to help them. India has a major role to play in making Sri Lanka peaceful,\" Vithanage said.Hip Village: The Kingfisher village, which was added as an afterthought at this year's Iffi, has yet again succeeded in attracting a huge crowd of young delegates who seem to be enthralled by the music and beer. The crowd, mostly made of domestic visitors, have shown exceptional interest in dancing to the rock and pop music, so much so that some of their routines are involve little or nothing of the film festival or watching movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395615", "title": "Pay compensation for land acquired, HC tells metro", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has set aside the government decision not to pay compensation to occupants of a land opposite the Central railway station, who the government wanted to evict for construction of a two-level metro station. The government had given the piece of land as grant in 1888 to a charitable trust.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, passing orders on a batch of writ petitions, did not express any opinion on the requirement of the land for the metro rail project, but made it clear that the occupants were eligible for compensation as per law.\"The requirement of lands for public purpose may be justified as on today. If the lands should be resumed, the petitioners who are continuing as lawful tenants and others who are continuing in possession, are entitled to get compensation as per the scheme provided by Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL),\" the judge said.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar then remitted the matter back to the government with a direction that it issue notice to the administrator-general and official trustee (AG&OT;), co-trustee of the trust, CMRL and the writ petitioners who were in possession of the lands and buildings as on date. The government shall consider their replies and objections and pass fresh orders as early as possible, he said.The lands were granted to the Raja Sir Ramaswamy Mudaliar Choultry by the government on August 6, 1888 with a condition that the choultry be available for use of train travellers. In 1947 the government permitted construction of buildings for rental income of the trust. A scheme was framed in 1970 and the AG&OT; of the high court took possession to administer the property.After obtaining court permission, portions of the property were leased out to third parties, who built buildings and business establishments. The present petitions were filed by the hereditary trustees and other lessees, who were asked by the AG&OT; to vacate the premises and hand over its vacant possession for use as Metro station.The CMRL said it wanted to build a two-level station at the site providing connectivity between Metro-suburban stations of Moore Market, Park suburban station-MRTS Park railway station and Central long-distance railway station. The trust lands were important for traffic diversion during integration of bus bay, feeder bus parking, MTC pick-up and drop, park and ride facilities, besides other underground station facilities.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar held that the bid to take the lands back on the ground of violation of conditions was erroneous because the grant itself permitted the construction of choultry.Holding that the tenants in possession of lands are entitled to compensation, as their business is affected by the project, the judge pointed out that the CMRL itself had agreed on October 3 to pay adequate compensation determined by an appropriate forum for the relief and rehabilitation of persons who own structures on the property.In such circumstances, the occupants are entitled to compensation as per the CMRL scheme, the judge said, adding: \"At least for the purpose of determination of proper compensation, the petitioners are bound to be heard before they are evicted. If they are evicted without verifying how much compensation each of them is entitled to, their civil rights will be affected,\" Justice Paul Vasanthakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17396701", "title": "Villagers protest withdrawal of water for commercial purpose", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed in Pudhiamputhur in Tuticorin district as villagers protested the withdrawal of groundwater from their village, for commercial purpose. However, water tanker owners protested the action by the people.On November 21, villagers of Pudhiamputhur and Oddapidaram in Tuticorin district staged a protest against withdrawal of groundwater from their villages, which was used for commercial purpose and seized the tankers that were transporting the water from their areas. Oddapidaram MLA, Dr Krishnasamy, who came that way also joined their protest, which was given up following the assurance given by the RDO Kathiresan and tahsildar Ramasubramanian that no further water would be taken for commercial use.Following this, the Tuticorin district collector also issued orders that no more water should be taken from the villages in Srivaikuntam, Oddapidaram and Tiruchendur for commercial purpose. Villagers claim that their groundwater was being used for industries like Sterlite and also fish processing units namely Nila Sea Foods and Diamond Sea Foods.The collector's orders resulted in fishermen using mechanised boats and supplying fish and prawns for export and processing, to go on strike as the processing units did not procure fish from them for want of fresh water. In turn, the collector withdrew his orders on Monday night in view of the fishermen's strike.This resulted in the villagers of Pudhiamputhur laying siege of the tankers, which started coming into their villages to withdraw water and in turn the tanker owners protested their action and blocked the roads.Shops downed shutters in Pudhiamputhur and traffic was disrupted due to these two protests and tension prevailed in the region.The RDO and tahsildar, who held talks with villagers later on Tuesday, assured them that water would not be withdrawn from Pudhiamuthur with immediate effect after which the people dispersed. Incidentally, it is the village from where a large quantity of water is withdrawn for commercial purposes by industries in the surrounding regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396293", "title": "Stabbing spree: Teen gangster held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A teenager has been arrested in connection with the serial stabbings which killed one and shocked Amdavadis late on Sunday night. Crime branch officials said that the teenager was a member of the newly formed 'Lakda gang' of Amraiwadi headed by history-sheeter Yogesh Gupta. The motive behind the bizarre act, said police officials, was to establish the gang and spread its notoriety across the city.The teenager, Biswas (name changed), drove the bike while the pillion rider, Arun Chauhan (22), stabbed five persons in Ramol and Amraiwadi. Among those stabbed in the dead of night was a teacher, Ambalal Patel (52), who died before he could be taken to hospital.After the incident, crime branch officials had focused on the underbelly of the city - Amraiwadi, the home turf of the majority of criminal gangs operating in Ahmedabad. \"It was a blind case to begin with,\" said police inspector of crime branch, Bhavesh Rojia. \"We did not have the attackers' identities. The only clues we had were a partial number of the bike which was used in the stabbings and one eyewitness. Human intelligence finally helped us crack the case.\"Based on this tip-off separate police teams were sent to Amraiwadi where Biswas (17) was caught. \"Just four months ago Biswas was involved in another stabbing incident,\" said Rojia. \"He had stabbed a standard VII student in Amraiwadi after the two had fought over a trivial issue. Biswas had been booked for attempt to murder but since he was juvenile he got bail. We ascertained through our sources that this was the boy who was riding the bike. After his arrest Biswas confessed to the crime.\"During questioning Biswas revealed that he was driving the motorbike while Chauhan unleashed the stabbing fury. Arun is absconding. He has fled with the bike used in the incident. The cops have not been able to recover the knife Chauhan had used.The teenager has told police that Chauhan wanted to prove his credentials to other gang members. He had planned the nocturnal operation. On Sunday night, he met Biswas in Amraiwadi; he was drunk then. After midnight the duo rode out for the rampage. After the \"successful operation\" the duo had boasted in front of other gang members.\"Chauhan's family stays in Mumbai and he had been driven out of home owing to his wayward ways,\" said a crime branch official. \"Gupta had taken in under his wing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395270", "title": "Ponty Chadha murder case: Broken pistol points to conspiracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A broken pistol found beside the body of Hardeep Chadha, brother of slain liquor baron Ponty Chadha, after their shootout on November 17 has strengthened police's suspicion of a conspiracy behind the killings.Hardeep reportedly came to the Chhatarpur farmhouse armed with two guns. \"He could not have come with a broken pistol. Breaking of the .32 bore pistol appears to be a deliberate act, as shots were fired from a pistol of that calibre - we have recovered empty cartridges. We are probing if the pistol was planted near his body,\" a senior officer said on Tuesday.The crime branch on Tuesday sought help from CBI's Central Forensic Lab unit which inspected the crime spot to establish the trajectory of the bullets that hit Ponty, and subsequently the walls of the farmhouse. Ponty's driver and the gunman of Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, Sachin Tyagi, were taken to the farmhouse to recreate the scene of crime. Tyagi and Namdhari, sacked chef of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, were with Ponty during the shootout.\"The CFSL unit measured the gaps between bullet holes - there are eight on the walls - and tried to establish from what angle, direction and position they could have been fired. Its report will be tallied with the witnesses' accounts,\" an officer said. Investigations so far indicate that Namdhari and Tyagi lied to police about the sequence of events. Their narrative of the incident in the past and even now is at odds with the recreated scene of crime.A source said police are faced with three varying witness accounts of the shootout. The first is that Hardeep arrived at the scene and began arguing with his brother Ponty, who kicked him to the ground. Hardeep allegedly opened fire at his brother in anger. However, Namdhari and the other witnesses subsequently contradicted themselves by claiming Hardeep first shot Ponty's security manager, Narender Ahlawat, in the ankle and another of his shots hit the gate. \"An argument and scuffle after Hardeep opened fire is not plausible, keeping in mind that everybody was armed to shoot. Nobody would have given him a chance,\" a source said.The second version is that Hardeep arrived on the scene swearing at Ponty and opened fire without warning. But police say this is unlikely. \"The family has told us that Hardeep was always respectful towards his elder brother, and would touch his feet before leaving home in the morning. He would not have abused Ponty. The witnesses have reported that Hardeep, who was alone, expressed his anger in Punjabi, saying 'tu bhi aithe hai (you're also here?)' followed by an insult. This indicates Hardeep's anger was directed at Namdhari, not Ponty,\" the source added.The third and most elaborate account that Hardeep arrived, shot at the guard Narender, killed Ponty, and then got killed by Tyagi as he took aim at Namdhari proved ridiculous when these men were made to take their positions during reconstruction of the crime scene. Namdhari had claimed he was hiding near the rear wheel of Ponty's Land Cruiser but his PSO said he was firing with his revolver, and Namdhari too admitted this. Practically, firing from this position was not possible as the SUV posed a hurdle.The officer also pointed out that if Hardeep was shot near the heart from a carbine of 9mm bore, he could not have reached the guard room, where his body was found, without leaving a trail of blood on the way. \"It's possible that Hardeep was chased, rendered helpless and then killed,\" he said.Trespass at farmhouse meant to set up brothers?Developments in the Ponty Chadha shootout case may soon reveal an entirely new sequence of events. The conflicting statements of witnesses have left police wondering if there was a bigger conspiracy at play on the day of the killings. A source on Tuesday said the initial story about the shootout appears concocted.The crime branch is likely to register two more cases of forgery and destruction of evidence against Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, Ponty's henchman and sacked chief of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, after gathered more evidence. Namdhari was found to have used forgeries for getting his passport and arms licence.Police had initially termed the November 17 shootout between Ponty and his brother Hardeep a result of their feud over the possession of two farmhouses. However, the crime branch now has strong suspicions about Namdhari's role as his account of the shootout does not agree with the findings of the investigation. Also, he has repeatedly lied to police since his arrest. \"It seems the brothers were set up on the day of the shootout with the trespass drama at their farmhouses,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395352", "title": "4 women rescued from prostitution in Baga", "text": "PANAJI: Four women from Mumbai were rescued from prostitution in a late night raid in Baga on Monday night. Talking to TOI, Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said they received a specific tip-off that four women would be arriving near Mambos's in Baga, based on which they set a trap using a decoy customer.The four had come to Goa on November 22 and were rescued when they arrived at the spot in the presence of volunteers from the NGO, Savera. The raid concluded at around 11.30pm.The women are between the age group of 20 and 26, and two of them confessed to have \"worked\" in Goa earlier. They were later sent to the state protective home, Apna Ghar, in Merces.A case has been registered under Section 16 of the Immoral Traffic Prevention Act. From May till date, this is the 19th raid conducted by the Calangute police against prostitution rackets, during which 40 women were rescued and 52 men arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395343", "title": "New Iffi section gets huge response", "text": "PANAJI: Iffi 2012's latest addition titled Soul of Asia: Cinema and mysticism, has struck a chord with the audience this year. With packed auditoriums and animated Q&A; sessions, the section aims to represent the diverse philosophies in Asia. \"The soul of Asia section is a platform for positive films. With the amount of materialism around us, everyone is on a journey inwards,\" shared Meera Diwan, the curator of this section.Directors Aryana Farshad and David Grubin are in the state for their soul of Asia film screenings.\"I am not a Buddhist, but all of us can learn from the ancient traditions and wise practices it offers,\" said award winning filmmaker, David Grubin of his film Buddha. \"There are 1,000 ways to bow and touch the ground,\" Grubin said, quoting the Sufi poet Rumi .\"We are obsessed with the body, when we should actually be striving for a proper balance between body and soul,\" said Aryana Farshad. Her film Mystic Iran- The unseen world showcases the lesser-known spiritual image of Iran. Showcasing the underground communities of women dervishes, Zoroastrian rituals and the women's chamber in the mosque at Qom, the film is a journey that Farshad makes to change the how the West perceives her country.Suppression is the reason for the brilliant films that come out of Iran. If you push a seed into the ground, a beautiful flower will bloom,\" Farshad said. There are close to 300 women filmmakers in Iran , she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17394478", "title": "Rebellion changed Rakhi's life, not of her village", "text": "Gilanguda is the forgotten child of progress. It has no power supply. There is a handpump -- the only one working among the three installed in the village -- whose fortunes are more up-and-down than the lever that draws the water out. There are no tar roads, no telephones or mobile signal and no cooking gas. Of course, some youths still have cellphones. They use them as music players.What is all pervasive is the sense of fatalism borne out of decades of wait for a light bulb to glow, or for clean water to flow. It is in one of the approximately 60 mud and thatch huts in Gilanguda that Rickey alias Rakhi Laxmi Lekami was born and grew up. It was this village, stuck in a frustrating time warp about 150km from Gadchiroli, that probably made Rakhi join the Naxal movement.Her fight came to a violent end on Sunday when Rakhi was killed in an encounter with security forces near the jungle adjoining Abapur and Haladwahi villages, around 35 km from Gadchiroli, in Chamorshi tehsil. She was 25, the mother of a four-year-old girl Preeti from her marriage with Rakesh, also a Naxalite who was killed in an encounter with police last year in May.What was left behind was her grieving family and her village, in almost the same condition she had left it nine years ago.As Rakhi's family buried the bullet-riddled body of their daughter on Tuesday, the futility and finality of her death sank in. Turning her back on her family's pleadings, Rakhi joined the Naxalite movement when she was barely 16. \"She went on her own will. We tried to stop her but she was adamant,\" her father Juru, an unlettered Madia tribal who is a subsistence farmer, said in broken Hindi.Typical of the tribal custom, Juru and his wife Moori had a large brood, four daughters and three sons. Rakhi was the eldest of the daughters although she has a brother who is senior to her.Although Gilanguda is no scholastic powerhouse -- a majority of youngsters have dropped out of school before finishing Std X -- most people from a generation ago sent their children to school. Rakhi, too, was enrolled in a residential ashram shala. However, she ran away and returned home at least a couple of times, later giving up education altogether.Rakhi had been earlier with Kasansur local organizational squad before shifting to Potegaon dalam. During these days, she came into contact with Rakesh. While it is conjectured that the two got married, her family says it is not sure they formally solemnized their relationship. However, the two did have a daughter.Rakhi's younger sister Vasanti, who is 17-18 years old, says that after joining the movement, Rakhi returned home only once. \"She had come to drop her daughter home. We asked her to give up her fight and return home, but she insisted on going back. Since then, I have been taking care of Preeti,\" she said.Rakhi's villagers, particularly the youngsters of her age group, say that the police should have captured her rather than spraying her with bullets. \"She deserved a chance,\" said Ashok Kadu, who lives close to the Lekami family. The youngsters said that they too were angered by the utter neglect of their village. \"You can see what the condition is. We do not have anything here. We have written to the government many times but it is no use. No official ever visits us and we do not benefit from any welfare schemes. I wonder if her (Rakhi's) sacrifice was worthwhile,\" Kadu, the most fluent in Hindi and Marathi, added.He said the village youths want stable jobs rather than the life Rakhi chose for herself. \"But unlike her, we do not want any violence and tension,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17397785", "title": "India ranks 78th in guaranteeing access to civil justice", "text": "WASHINGTON: India ranks 78th among 97 countries in guaranteeing access to all civil justice, a latest report released on Wednesday said, while its neighbouring country Sri Lanka leads the South Asian nations in most dimensions of the rule of law.The 'Rule of Law Index 2012' report by World Justice Project's provides country-by-country scores and rankings for eight areas of the rule of law.India, the report said, has a robust system of checks and balances (ranked thirty-seventh worldwide and second among lower middle income countries), an independent judiciary, strong protections for freedom of speech, and a relatively open government (ranking fiftieth globally and fourth among lower-middle income countries).\"Administrative agencies do not perform well (ranking 79th) and the civil court system ranks poorly (ranking 78) mainly because of deficiencies in the areas of court congestion, enforcement, and delays in processing cases,\" the report said.\"Corruption is a significant problem (ranking 83rd), and police discrimination and abuses are not unusual. Order and security -- including crime, civil conflict, and political violence-- is a serious concern (ranked second lowest in the world),\" the report observed.According to the report, Sri Lanka outperforms its regional peers in all but two dimensions of the rule of law.\"The country also outpaces most lower-middle income countries in several areas, ranking second in criminal justice, and third in the dimensions of open government, effective regulatory enforcement, and absence of corruption,\" it said.\"On the other hand, violence and human rights violations related to the legacy of a protracted civil conflict are serious problems,\" the report said.Pakistan shows weaknesses in most dimensions when compared to its regional and income group peers, the report said.\"Low levels of government accountability are compounded by the prevalence of corruption, a weak justice system, and a poor security situation, particularly related to terrorism and crime,\" it said, adding that Pakistan scores more strongly on judicial independence and fairness in administrative proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396635", "title": "Good news for Indian economy", "text": "Moody's decision to maintain India's rating at stable is certainly good news for an economy that foreign investors had started viewing with some apprehension, but it should not be seen as anything more. At a time when inflation remains a concern and growth too is not what it used to be or needs to be, there is absolutely no ground for complacency. The government and the central bank will have to continue to take measures to rein in prices and boost growth by creating a climate that encourages investment. As the 2014 elections come closer, political uncertainty is likely to increase, but the government can counteract that by showing it is willing to push reforms aggressively.Related Story  :  Breather for UPA govt as Moody's says India rating outlook stable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394278", "title": "HC denies bail to IIT-Bombay staffer accused of drugging student", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday rejected the bail plea filed by an IIT-Bombay staffer arrested for allegedly serving sedative-laden coffee to a 28-year-old PhD researcher on August 11 this year.According to sources, S V Rajan's (56) bail was rejected on the basis of evidence submitted by the Powai police along with the 403-page chargesheet on October 10. Rajan, who was arrested on August 13 from the IIT campus, is in judicial custody.The evidence against Rajan includes chargesheet contained several crucial evidence including a prime witness. The evidence attached in the charge sheet was theKalina forensic science laboratory (FSL)'s report confirming the presence of a sedative in the student's stomach and the statements of a 46-year-old woman who was similarly targeted by Rajan.During the probe, the PhD researcher reportedly told the police that some of her friends informed her that Rajan had targeted the wife of a 54-year-old IIT-B assistant executive engineer on February 5, 2011.The alleged victim and her husband, however, did not report the matter at that time, fearing the consequences. The 46-year-old woman and her husband have been made witnesses in the case.\"The information provided by these witnesses helped us prepare a watertight case. The evidence helped us prove his role in the crime and this helped in the rejection of Rajan's bail application by the sessions court as well as the high court,\" . The after going through the FSL report showing the presence of Diazepam in the IIT researcher's stomach, blood and urine. The other piece of evidence was the medical reports of the 46-year-old IIT staffer and his wife, whom Rajan had given coffee laden with sedative (Benzodiazepine) on February 5, 2011,\" the officer said.The police got in touch with the couple on September 8, who agreed to become witnesses in the case instead of lodging a complaint against Rajan. \"The couple said they decided to come forward after learning about the recent case. They wanted to ensure that the victim got justiceafter she was misbehaved by the accused,\" said the officer.The officer further said Rajan followed the same modus operandi in both the cases. \"He befriended the couple at the campus badminton court and kept inviting them to have a cup of coffee at his residenceFinally, the couple agreed and went to his place on February 5, 2011. They had coffee but left soon after as the assistant executive engineer got a call from a professor,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396471", "title": "Carol singing contests to start on Friday", "text": "MANGALORE: With the yuletide spirit in the air, carols cannot be far behind. Giving competitive edge to singing carols is the St Vincent Ferrer Church Valencia unit and Catholic Sabha Mangalore Pradesh which in association with Karnataka Christian Education Society will organize Ganalahari 2012, a carol singing competition. Christians from Udupi, DK and Kasargod districts will take part in this event from November 30.Bonaventure Nazareth, spiritual director of the church said the church ground at Valencia will come alive with contestants singing carols in English, Konkani and Kannada for three-days starting from Friday. The organizers have so far received 60 entries from the three districts. The winner in each category will receive first prize of Rs 15,000. While, second prize will carry a cash component of Rs 10,000 and third prize will carry Rs 7,000 as cash prize.Consolation prizes of Rs 4,000 will be granted in each of these categories, he said.English carol signing competition will be held on November 30, Kannada carols on December 1 and Konkani carols on December 2.The prize distribution ceremony will be held on the last day. Justice BV Pinto, judge, Karnataka High Court will preside over the function. Special entertainment functions have been arranged on all three-days, Rev Nazareth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17396723", "title": "Supporting retail FDI with bitterness: M Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Breaking its week-long silence, the DMK on Tuesday announced it will support the Centre in Parliament on FDI in multi-brand retail to keep the \"communal forces at bay\" . \"I took the decision to back the UPA government with much bitterness as there are thousands of differences (between the DMK and the Centre on FDI),\" DMK chief M Karunanidhi told reporters in Chennai.The much-awaited green signal from the DMK, the second largest UPA partner with 18 MPs, came as a huge relief for the Centre, which indicated that it was now not averse to a voting on the issue .The suspense maintained by the DMK had a worried Congress sending Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to Chennai on Sunday to convince the DMK patriarch. Though there were enough indications that the DMK was likely to soften its stand, Karunanidhi did a complete about-turn on Tuesday.Karunanidhi said the noisy scenes witnessed in the last four days in Parliament and the persistent demand of the parties like the BJP for a debate on FDI under a rule which entails voting showed that there was a hidden agenda to oust the UPA government. \"Understanding this, we took a decision to support the Centre,\" he told media persons. In a three-page statement released in the morning, the DMK leader said no room should be given to communal parties to come to power.The DMK leader said if the demand for a debate on FDI under rule 184 that entails voting is accepted, none can deny that the UPA government would fall. \"If such a situation arises, it may benefit the communal forces like the BJP, which is making hue and cry about the fictitious loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore in the spectrum allocation, causing confusion among people ,\" he said.He said that since the Centre had already announced that it would be up to the state governments to allow FDI in retail trade in their state, it would not cause any hardships to retail traders and farmers of Tamil Nadu. \"In a democratic country, an elected government will have to run without any disruption , so that public peace and economic growth can be ensured,\" he said, explaining the rationale behind his decision to endorse FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396286", "title": "Worried pourakarmikas derail garbage collection", "text": "BANGALORE: The garbage crisis may fester afresh, given the rumbles of discontent among pourakarmikas, the lynchpin of solid waste management in the city. While a protest on Tuesday by a section of civic workers hit garbage collection in some pockets, the situation is likely to worsen with another protest on the cards on Wednesday.With new garbage contracts likely to come into force anytime before the New Year, there are chances of over 8,000 pourakarmikas being laid off.Drawing the attention of the authorities to this possibility, over 700 pourakarmikas affiliated to the BBMP Contract Pourakarmikas' Association abstained from work and staged a protest in front of the Palike headquarters.The strike disrupted garbage collection in Vijayanagar, Bapujinagar, Katriguppe, Sampangiram Nagar, K P Agrahara and surrounding areas.The protesters submitted a memorandum to mayor Venkatesh Murthy, and requested him to ensure they would continue to work with BBMP. \"Each pourakarmika gets about Rs 6,936 per month, including provident fund and insurance benefits. If we suddenly lose our jobs, where do we go? This is injustice,\" said Muniraju N, president of the association.BBMP officials, too, confirmed that hundreds of pourakarmikas could be out of work. \"The new contractors say they don't require such a big workforce so there are chances of many of them losing their jobs. The numbers quoted by the new contractors are lower. We're yet to see what best can be done,\" said Salma K Fahim, additional commissioner, solid waste management, BBMP.With the Karnataka State Pourakarmikas' Association opposing the proposed two shifts for workers, a huge rally has been organized by civic workers on Wednesday. The BBMP has proposed that the city be swept twice -- from 6am to 11.30am and 1.20am to 3pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396545", "title": "2 sing their way to top-10 of reality show", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city is on a melodious high. For, two of its residents have made it to the top 10 of a singing reality show being telecast on a national television channel.Arshpreet Kaur, 24, daughter of lyricist Gurdeep Singh and homemaker Surinder Kaur, said on phone from Mumbai, \"It feels great to be among the top 10. I hope people will like my performance and vote for me... I have high expectations from my home city.\"A masters in music, Arshpreet added, \"My parents say I sang Sargam in sur when I was just two-and-half years old. Music runs in our blood. My father is a lyricist and my mother likes to sing. My maternal grandparents Suraj Singh and Santosh Kaur and paternal grandmother Amarjeet Kaur are also fond of melodies. I also used to participate in various programmes at Guru Harkrishan Public School, Dugri Road.\"She took forward her passion to college too. \"I opted for music as a subject while pursuing my bachelors degree. In my first year at Ramgharia Girls' College, I sang ghazals composed by my teacher, Dr Savita Uppal. Then, I won the best singer award in a national youth festival in 2004-05 at a Kolkata university. I was a runners-up in a musical reality programme on a Punjabi channel in 2003. The programme gave me much confidence. And later, I was selected for a singing reality show on a regional channel. Though I was among the top eight, I failed to gather enough votes,\" added the Gill Road resident.The second contestant who has made the city proud is Model Town resident Shahnaz Akhter, 20. \"My hard work has paid off. I hope to win the contest with my abilities and people's support,\" he said.Two city residents have made it to the top 10 of a singing reality show. One of them is Shahnaz Akhter. A masters student in arts from Arya College for Boys, he said, \"I was around five-year-old when I started learning music.Sanjay Vidhyarthi, a musician here, is my guru. My school, R S Model School, supported me as I honed my skills. My sisters, Gurlez Akhter and Jasmine, and mother Rani have always encouraged me. My father, Darshan Khan, had died in 2002.\"His favourite singers include Sardool Sikander, Feroz Khan, Shafqat Amanat Ali , Sukhwinder Singh, Javed Ali and Sonu Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395412", "title": "Traffic cops recover Rs 7.24 cr as fine, 57% more than 2011", "text": "GURGAON: City traffic police have recovered Rs 7.24 crore in challans registering a hike of 57% in the figure from the last year between January and October 2012. This amount was collected by issuing 3.5 lakh challans, one lakh more than the previous year when 2.56 lakh challans were issued by traffic cops. Cops had recovered Rs 4.60 crore in 2011.Traffic police issued maximum numbers of challans for the wrong parking (58,431) offence followed by not using seat belts (56,450) and not wearing helmet (51,354). Besides them, cops also fined a high number of commuters for indulging in wrong side driving which is quite rampant in the city. As many as 33,451 challans were issued for this offence, whereas this figure stood at 16,292 in 2011. Also, four times more challans were issued for taking wrong U-turn. This figure rose from 1,031 in 2011 to 4,479 in 2012.Following the Supreme Court's ban on the use of black film/tinted glass, 10,679 were challaned till October this year, while this figure was meager 1,983 during the last year. Notably, the fine for this offence in Gurgaon is Rs 1,000 as compared to Rs 100 in Delhi.Traffic police also cracked whip against school buses flouting the directions of Punjab and Haryana High Court. As compared to just 2,153 buses fined for the offence the previous year, 20,793 were issued challans which is ten times more than the last year.Police challaning drives also focused on following road signs, road markings and traffic signals as well as follow the directions of cops regulating the traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395157", "title": "Delhi University evaluators face test of patience, grit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mela, cattle mart and fish market are words Delhi University teachers are using to describe scenes at the centralized evaluation centres. As evaluation gathers speed, flaws of the new system are coming to fore.Space is a problem in the halls with teachers working on their laps - there are no tables. At one centre, they were seen 'reserving' seats by placing bags and kerchiefs on them. The university servers buckled under pressure and were down till Tuesday morning, delaying uploading of scores in several colleges.Teachers had to wait for hours to get copies for evaluation and then some to get these stamped. Early birds at Shri Ram College of Commerce had to wait hours for their partners to arrive to complete the mandatory trio of examiners per paper.\"Half the time is wasted scouting for examiners,\" Rudrashish Chakravarty, who teaches English at Kirori Mal College, said. He has been deputed at Daulat Ram College. \"Most papers are being left unchecked as each examiner checks only one section,\" Chakravarty said.\"The university is not geared for such a large exercise,\" said a Khalsa College teacher at SRCC, \"There isn't enough space. Since we are using the college auditorium, there are no tables. I have seen teachers sitting on the floor marking papers.\" There is one counter for both drawing and submission of scripts and teachers have to wait in long queues. At Maitreyi College, too, there are problems of distribution and submission of scripts.Vijaya Venkataraman, a teacher of Germanic studies who was at Hindu College, said, \"It's a cattle mart. People who have not taught the subject are being made to evaluate papers.\"Chakravarty described the scene at Daulat Ram College as \"nothing short of pandemonium\".\"It is as if the university is conducting examinations for the first time. This system works for small numbers,\" another teacher said. Some centres received incomplete sets of roll numbers.At one centre, students emerging from the exam hall were seen drifting into the evaluation area. Invigilators must sign their names on answer scripts - a requirement that, many feel, compromises their security. \"It deals a death blow to the system of secrecy,\" M Parvaiz Aslam, principal, Zakir Hussain College, said.But the dean of examinations, Rup Lal, seemed upbeat. \"The server is up now. Putting a new system in place always takes time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395526", "title": "Health minister prescribes herbal drink for dengue", "text": "CHENNAI: Government hospitals across the state will make a bitter mocktail available for patients with fever and dengue symptoms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a mix of papaya leaf juice, neem juice (malaivembu) and nilavembu kudineer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d apart from allopathic treatment.Visiting the Government General Hospital on Tuesday, state health minister V S Vijay said the government has issued an order asking government hospitals to make the herbal drink available to dengue patients to help them recover faster and build immunity. \"This is not a cure. But it is proved that it has preventive power. We are not asking people to stop taking modern medicine. We are blending it with allopathy,\" he said. The associations of Siddha and Ayurvedic medicines welcomed the announcement, but allopathic doctors weren't excited as there was no evidence to show the drug was efficient. Health secretary J Radhakrishnan said the government searched medical journals and articles before deciding to distribute the drink in government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17395096", "title": "Nashik civic body encashes FDs to tide over cash crunch", "text": "NASHIK: Hemmed in by a severe financial crunch, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has encashed fixed deposits (FDs) amounting to Rs5 crore with various nationalized banks.The civic body had recently decided to encash 40 % of its total FDs worth Rs50 crore, to finance immediate administrative expenses and civic works. The standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse had also given his approval to the proposal.He said, \"Considering the financial situation of NMC, the decision has been taken to encash FDs worth Rs20 crore. The FD of the same amount (Rs20 crore) will be deposited again once the NMC's revenue increases and such instructions have been given to the NMC officials.\"\"We have got an administrative approval to encash Rs20 crore, of which, we encashed Rs5 crore during Diwali, some of which was spent on administrative expenses like salaries and other such things. We will encash the rest of the Rs15 crore as per requirement,\" said a senior NMC official.The NMC has to give its contribution amounting to Rs174 crore for the various works under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) by March 2014. The financial condition of NMC is not so satisfactory. Hence, developmental works amounting to Rs416 crore were approved during last year and this deficit is a huge burden on NMC. Moreover, managing expenses for new developmental works in the current fiscal year is also a major challenge, according to NMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395650", "title": "Mistaken identity: Software engineer killed in bar attack", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old software engineer was murdered by a 10-member gang at a Tasmac shop in Velachery due to mistaken identity on Tuesday evening, police said.The gang members, apparently in search of someone they had orders to attack, barged into a Tasmac bar at 6.30pm. They ransacked the place, brandished their sickles and threw around the furniture in the bar. And then, as if having found their victim, they pounced on Chandrasekar Kulkarni, a resident of Sholinghanallur, who was waiting near the billing counter. Before Kulkarni could react, the gang inflicted deep injuries on him, and he fell. Kulkarni worked as a software engineer in a private company in Ekattuthangal. He lived with his wife and four-year-old daughter at a house in Sholinganallur.Soon the gang fled, leaving Kulkarni dead. On information, joint commissionesr of police (south Chennai) R Thirugnanam, Adyar deputy commissioner of police R Sudhakar and other senior officers visited the bar. \"It looks like a case of mistaken identity. The attack was probably a revenge, but the victim had no history of violence,\" a police officer said.Police said there was a dispute over taking the bar on lease, which could have led to the attack. Earlier, the bar located close to a Megamart outlet was maintained by a local politician. Recently, the bar ownership changed hands to a cadre of a rival party. Police said a CCTV camera installed in a nearby shop recorded visuals of the assailants. \"We are trying to find them using the footage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396126", "title": "A transgender model's life on and off the ramp", "text": "BANGALORE: \"From the day I became conscious, I knew I was in a wrong body,\" says Olga B Aaron, a Chennai-based transgender amateur model who is the muse for a unique photo exhibition, currently on show at the Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath.The exhibition by freelance photo-journalist K Venkatesh portrays Olga posing amid the dilapidated ramparts of the historic Bidar fort.\"Society's neglect towards transgenders is akin to the government's neglect of this priceless monument. The monument has been abandoned by people, as are transgenders. Our exhibition showcases this,\" says Olga.Olga's life, in her own words, has been full of struggle. She was the second and last male child of her parents. Born Bini Aaron, she lost her father when she was very young.\"All through my childhood, I felt I was out of place. I knew something is wrong around and inside me. I knew I am not what people think I am. But I couldn't open up to anyone. I was scared,\" says Olga.Olga decided to embrace the truth when she was 15 and in Class X. \"I was to appear for the board examination. I mustered courage and told my mother that I feel feminine,\" she says recalling her days of struggle. But her mother's support came to her rescue. A community nurse by profession, she listened to her daughter patiently and tried to understand her feelings.\"My mother took me to a psychologist and I was counseled. My psychologist said I am perfectly normal. Before I could share this with my mother, I was on the verge of killing myself,\" she reminisces.AND CHANGE HAPPENEDOlga underwent a sex change surgery at the age of 17. \"I was nervous and scared too. I did not know if my wish would come true. I wanted to be a woman and lead a respectful life. Before surgery, I was scared if it will be successful or I will land on the streets like other transgenders,\" recalls Olga.Things were difficult and different after the surgery. Although Olga wanted to complete her studies, she could not go to college. \"My mother chose distant education as an option and I went ahead. Currently, I am working with Pehchan-a community-based organization, as programme manager for Tamil Nadu,\" says Olga, who also adds that modeling has always been her passion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396311", "title": "Insulin pump helps her keep diabetes in check", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mari Ruddy is an athlete and a survivor. Being a type-1 diabetes patient for 30 years and a two-time breast cancer survivor, Ruddy survives on an insulin pump which has a convenient built in continuous glucose monitoring. This device helps her with protection from sudden sugar lows and highs.Ruddy was addressing a gathering at DiaCare which was organized as part of the diabetes awareness month. \"I was diagnosed with type-1 diabetes when I was 16 years old. With a family history of diabetes, I was brought up in an environment that navigated a world of healthy eating, blood sugar management, and insulin injections. Since then, I have been living with this challenging disease. With the support and love of my family and friends, excellent medical care and treatment through the Medtronic Insulin pump,\" she said.\"We aim to motivate people who live their lives with diabetes,\" said Banshi Saboo , city's prominent diabetologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395641", "title": "Sec 22 house burgled", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars broke into a house in Sector 22 and fled after stealing cash, jewellery and other valuables. Palam Vihar police have lodged an FIR 14 days after the incident. The victim Dharmpal Singh, a resident of house no 344 in Sector 22 said his house was burgled on November 16, when he was out of city with his family.Three gold chains, diamond earring set, three gold ring, silver anklet and Rs 23, 000 cash are allegedly missing from the house. Palam Vihar police have lodged an FIR on the statement of the victim. \"We are investigating the matter and the burglars will be arrested soon\", said investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "17394464", "title": "Four kids killed, 9 hurt in road mishap", "text": "AMRAVATI: Four school students were killed and nine sustained injuries when the van in which they were travelling collided with a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) bus at Navsari diversion, near Amravati, on Tuesday morning.Soon after the mishap, angry villagers damaged the MSRTC bus and thrashed drivers of both the vehicles. As against the permission to seat nine kids in a van, the driver was ferrying 13 children.Sources said around 13 children - aged around 5 years and students of nursery and KG - were headed to their school in a Maruti Omni van at 7.30am. The students belonged to adjoining Walgaon, Khartalegaon and Kund Sarjapur villages.The mishap occurred when the van driver tried to overtake the MSRTC bus going toward Amravati from Paratwada at Navsari bypass intersection. The van driver failed to gauge the speed and distance of a minibus approaching from the opposite side and took the vehicle precariously close to the bus. Consequently, the bus rammed the van. The impact was such that the bus dragged the van nearly 50 feet away and caused grievous injuries to children travelling in the van.The deceased children were identified as Rohit Kukde (5), Utkarsha Nirmal (5), Om Pawar (5) and Sujal Deshmukh (4).The injured children were rushed to private and government hospitals. The injured were identified as Shambhu Pancharia (6), Harsh Ingole (5), Darshan Neware (4), Shantanu Neware (4), Dinesh Mankar (4), Darshan Mankar (5), Rudresh Dhotre (5), Pratik Nandeshwar (5) and Naitik Madavi (Kundkhud).Drivers of the bus and van, Pradip Mahalle and Amol Khare respectively, have been arrested, Gadge Nagar police station ACP Mohan Kshirsagar said.Kshirsagar said all the students were either from Arunoday English School or Potdar English School and were studying in KG-II and nursery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17394913", "title": "IIT-Kanpur flushes rail bio-toilet plan", "text": "CHENNAI: Scientists of IIT-Kanpur have thrown the kitchen sink at a high-tech solution to a messy problem: How to keep the world's largest railway network clean and prevent corrosion of lines when train toilets unload waste directly on the tracks.Bio-toilets developed by the Indian Railways and Defence Research and Development Organization have earned praise from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, but IIT scientists say they are neither environment-friendly nor suitable for trains.But Indian Railways, which has for several years been searching for a way to prevent spreading human excreta across the countryside and stop track corrosion, which costs it350 crore a year, is betting on the bio-toilets.Officials say they tested the system extensively and, since January 2011, installed 436 bio-toilets on eight trains. The railways plans to install bio-toilets in all new coaches at a cost of 500 crore.The bio-toilet uses 'cold-active' bacteria collected from Antarctica and other low temperature areas to treat waste, turning it into water and gas that are disinfected before being expelled from the train.IIT-Kanpur studied the toilets when they were put on trial three years ago. \"There is no magic bacteria that can treat waste fast enough for use in a train toilet,\" said Vinod Tare, professor, environmental engineering and management, IIT-Kanpur.IIT-Kanpur and the Research Design and Standards Organisation developed a zero discharge toilet that the railways tried but rejected.\"Such toilets are suitable for houses not for trains because a large number of people will need to use them in a short span of time.\"Tare said the whole project was based on misinformation. \"With every flush untreated waste is expelled through different levels and finally on the tracks,\" he said.But railways officials insist that they have fixed the problems with the system. \"We have eliminated the drawbacks that IIT-Kanpur pointed out,\" Railway Board executive director (mechanical engineering) Shailendra Singh said. |\"We are using stronger bacteria and garbage tossed into the commode will not affect the functioning of the toilet.\"A mild swipe of the bacteria on the sides of the toilet box is enough to clean the toilet once, but the railways will load several kilograms of the bacteria in each toilet box.\"The toilets will save a lot of money because they will reduce corrosion of railway tracks and the undercarriage of coaches need not need to be replaced often,\" said a senior official with Southern Railway, which operates the Chennai-Guwahati Express, which uses bio-toilets.\"We found more than 5 kg of gutka sachets when a box was opened during an overhaul,\" he said. \"The garbage did not affect the bacteria and there was no odour.\"The technology is effective, official said, but passengers will have to cooperate with the railways and display discipline akin to that expected of aircraft passengers. A page on bio-toilets posted on Indian Railways' website says passengers are expected not to use the toilet pan as a garbage bin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17394608", "title": "State govt should issue whitepaper on phone tapping issue: Cong", "text": "JALANDHAR: Citing former Punjab and Haryana high court Chief Justice T S Thakur's letter to Chief Justice of India in 2009 mentioning phone tapping by Punjab Vigilance Bureau which referred to judges of the high court, Congress has demanded that Punjab government should issue a whitepaper on the matter of recording of phone calls, and DGP Sumedh Saini should be dismissed under Article 311 of the Constitution for illegally tapping telephones in 2008.Providing copies of Justice Thakur's letter, who is now a Supreme Court judge, former Bholath MLA Sukhpal Khaira said that there was common refrain in the political leader and even in the bureaucrats that their phones were still being tapped.\"The then VB director Saini had claimed that two phones of private individuals were tapped for detection of organized crime and security of the state. Justice Thakur's letter clearly pointed out that details of organized crime or security of the state were not available on record, and Punjab government should tell people that what happened after these recordings were made and what action was taken,\" Khaira said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396774", "title": "Food processing units needed in Odisha: Minister", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is keen to promote non-mineral-based industries such as food processing in a big way, industries minister Niranjan Pujari said here on Tuesday. Speaking at the valedictory session of 17th Enterprise Odisha 2012, an event organized by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) at the exhibition ground, Pujari said the state had many mineral-based industries but only a few agro-based and food-processing units. \"The industry sector will be sustainable if we have a good mix of all kind of industries,\" the minister said.The minister said Odisha has a robust agriculture sector and there is vast scope for value addition to agriculture produce. In the absence of food processing units, the state is not able to make the best of agriculture, he said. Pujari said the state is looking for investors in the automobile sector which is in its nascent stage. Speaking on shortage of raw materials and problems faced by industries like Vedanta, he said the government is trying its best to sort out the issue. CM Naveen Patnaik had inaugurated the event on Friday. Naveen had asked the industry to find ways to reverse the country's economic slowdown. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17396075", "title": "SDM Utsav from November 30", "text": "DHARWAD: The two-day SDM Utsav-2012 will be held at SDM Dental college premises in Sattur off Dharwadon November 30 and December 1. The Utsav is being organized as part of the silver jubilee of the institute. An exhibition on dental science and oral health will be held on both the days from 10 am to 4:30pm in the college premises.Pontiff of Moorusavir Mutt Jagadguru Gurusiddha Rajayogendra Swami will inaugurate the Utsav on Friday at 11 AM. The cultural programme would begin at 6:30 pm. Dance by the students of SDM Engineering College, Medical College, fusion dance by Isha Sharvani, Odisha folk dance by Spic Macay, painting by Vilas Nayak and classical music by Kailas Kher will be the highlights of the Utsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395761", "title": "Adyar bridge to be ready by New Year", "text": "CHENNAI: The new Adyar bridge is likely to be thrown open to the public by December 31. The state highways department, which is building the structure adjacent to the old Thiru Vi Ka bridge, has completed \"about 95% of the work, apart from the approach roads\", said an engineer.\"Only laying a layer of bitumen is left.\" Once completed, it is expected to ease the traffic bottleneck at one of the southern gateways to the central parts of the city. Tens of thousands of motorists living in the fast-expanding neighbourhoods off the East Coast Road (ECR) and Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR) as well as those in areas like Velachery, Thiruvanmiyur and Perungudi take the bridge every day.While the existing four-lane bridge will be used for vehicles coming from R A Puram to Adyar, vehicles going in the opposite direction will use the new three-lane structure. It will be 11 metres wide and 328 metres long. Both the bridges will have wide footpaths.Laying the approach roads, highways department officials say, is getting delayed as officials of the Corporation of Chennai are yet to clear the flower vendors at the southern end of the bridge. The corporation officials say they have identified places to relocate the vendors and will move them soon. \"We cleared them once, but they returned. Once the highways department notifies us, it is a matter of two days,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.Administrative sanction for the 13.43-crore project was given by the government in 2005, but the highways department was able to start the work only in 2010 due to several problems in finding contractors. However, \"we have finished the bridge in good time given the challenges we faced,\" said an engineer.There were other problems too. Given that the bridge was close to the sea, works were affected during full moon days and other occasions when the tides were high, said the official. Corporation officials say this is the reason why the construction was taken up by the highways. \"The highways department is better suited to take up construction over the river bed given its resources and expertise. The question of maintenance still has not come up, but we do not have any issues in taking it up,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17395246", "title": "Ponda man dies in car accident, two injured", "text": "PONDA: A car-truck collision led to the death of Ramdas Chari on the Ponda-Margao highway on Tuesday afternoon.Chari, 54, a resident of St Cruz, Ponda, was heading home to Ponda after dropping his wife Lata at the Margao railway station along with his brother Dattaram, 59 and sister-in-law Sufala, 48.A speeding truck rammed into their car at Nagesh Nagar-Dhavali on the Ponda-Margao highway.Chari was crushed in the vehicle and had to be removed by cutting open the metallic plates of the cabin. He was rushed to Ponda community health centre (CHC) but died before receiving treatment.His brother and sister-in-law were injured and were rushed to GMC at Bambolim. Dattaram has been discharged while his wife Sufala has been admitted for further treatment.The police had detained truck driver Basant Kumar Mehta, 45, a resident of Warkhande-Ponda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17385426", "title": "India keep faith in under-performing stars for 3rd Test against England", "text": "MUMBAI: Unfazed by the humiliating defeat in the second Test against England, the national selectors on Tuesday persisted with the same squad giving under-fire star players another chance to prove their worth in the third match starting December 5 in Kolkata.The selectors refrained from making major changes to the team barring the inclusion of pacer Ashok Dinda for an injured Umesh Yadav. Dinda had been called as a cover for Ishant Sharma in the first Test and Yadav in the second Test though he did not get to play.The selection panel headed by Sandeep Patil was to announce the team for the remaining two Test matches but did so only for the Kolkata match in a clear perform-or-perish message for some of the under-performing players.\"The teams for the fourth Test and the T20 International series, will be picked later,\" BCCI Secretary Sanjay Jagdale said in a statement.India lost the Mumbai Test by 10 wickets inside four days and there was intense speculation a leg-spinner would be drafted into the squad to bring more variety in the spin department.But the selectors reposed faith on the spin trio of R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Harbhajan Singh despite their failure to exploit the pitch in Mumbai which was tailormade to suit India's demands.Harbhajan retained his place in the squad despite picking up two wickets in the Mumbai Test where he bowled just 23 overs unlike Ashwin and Ojha who sent down nearly 45 overs each.Also retained was senior batsman Sachin Tendulkar, who has been going through a prolonged form slump, his last 10 innings yielding just 153 runs at an average of 15.3, the lowest by an Indian top-order batsman in the corresponding period.In the current series he has scored merely 13, 8 and 8 and has looked clearly out of sorts.Opener Gautam Gambhir, who has also been out of form, did well in the second innings of the Mumbai match to hang on to his spot in the side.The third Test will be played at Eden Gardens, which has been the venue of some of India's historic triumphs, while Nagpur will stage the fourth and final Test from December 13 to 17.The two Twenty20 Internationals after the Test series will be played in Pune and Mumbai on December 20 and 22 respectively.Squad: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, M Vijay, Zaheer Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394729", "title": "Anita Advani agrees to settlement with Kaka\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family", "text": "MUMBAI: Anita Advani, who has claimed to be the live-in partner of late superstar Rajesh Khanna , on Tuesday consented to a suggestion by a magistrate to settle the matter in connection with the domestic violence case she had filed against the actor's family.The 21st metropolitan magistrate in Bandra was hearing an application filed by Advani seeking rights to enter the actor's residence, Aashirwad, and to restrain Khanna's family from selling any of his assets, including the bungalow on Carter Road.Advocates Girish Kulkarni, appearing for Dimple Khanna and Rinki Saran, and Edith Dey, appearing for Twinkle Khanna and Akshay Kumar , sought time to file their replies to Advani's application. The magistrate said he would first explore the possibility of a settlement. If all parties were agreeable to it, he would send it for mediation so that the matter could be concluded within six months.The magistrate called Advani to the witness box and asked her if she is ready for a settlement. \"Yes, I am ready,\" said Advani. The magistrate then directed all the parties to remain present on the next date of hearing\u00e2\u20ac\u201dDecember 4\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto decide whether a settlement could be arrived at. The domestic violence case was filed through Advani's lawyer, Manohar Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395121", "title": "2 new cement companies approach govt over baled plastic disposal", "text": "PANAJI: After officials at ACC cement recently informed the state government that due to a technical problem at their plant they are not in a position to dispose of baled plastic in Goa, now, two more cement companies-Vasavadatta Cement at Gulbarga and J K Cement at Bagalkot in Karnataka-have approached the government for the purpose.The state generates 10 tonnes of baled plastic waste every day. The department of science, technology and environment had signed the agreement with ACC cement at Wadi Gulbarge to dispose of the baled plastic.\"It is given to understand that the department of science, technology and environment is looking to dispose of plastic waste from the state to cement industries for co-processing. We have made special arrangements by installing a hot disk in our plant for charging waste plastic in the cement kiln and are willing to dispose of the baled waste plastic from your state,\" Vasavadatta Cement senior vice-president O P Sharma said in a letter to the government.Sharma also said that they are willing to enter into a memorandum of understanding on mutual agreeable terms and requested the department to indicate the quantity likely to be dispatched on a monthly basis. Already, four trucks of baled plastic waste have been sent to Vasavadatta Cement and 10 trucks will follow in the next 10 days, said sources in the department.The Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) generates around six tonnes of baled plastic every week and CCP is the only corporation which segregates plastic waste and sends it to the cement factory for disposal. At present, the entire cost of transportation is borne by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396599", "title": "BJP MLC defends CA site allocation to institution", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) is in the news for the wrong reasons.The urban body has come under the scanner for allotting four Civic Amenities (CA) sites at upscale Vijayanagar II Stage to an educational institute. Doubts are now being raised over the allotment of four CA sites in a row to the institute. Reason: one of the sites allotted was reserved for a nursery as per Muda records, which is now allotted to the education institute that runs colleges.BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who has taken on the district minister S A Ramdas over the delisting of 2,000 acres of prime land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills, accusing him of eyeing a chunk of it, has recommended allotment of four CA sites to Vidyaashram Education Foundation. This, according to him, is not illegal. However, he was caught on the wrong foot when it was pointed out that Muda records have earmarked one of the sites for a nursery. The legislator tried to defend himself, saying that the records are incorrect.Following charges made by Congress leader and activist M Lakshmana that Madhusudana has helped the private education institute to get prime land, the latter approached the urban body on Monday and got details, including a map to set the records straight. Admitting that he recommended for the allotment of the sites to the institute, he asserted that there is nothing wrong in it. \"I've not violated any rule. The state government has powers to allot CA sites to any institution, and it has allotted four CA sites to Vidyaashram, of which I'm the honorary president. It has been allotted and the requisite money is paid to Muda,\" he told reporters on Tuesday.As per the records, Muda has allotted CA 36/1, 36/2, 37 and 38 to Vidyaashram following directives from the government on July 6. On July 18, Muda commissioner wrote to the institute and informed it of the allotment for 30 years. The sites were allotted at Rs 1,087 per sqm. In all, 7,122 sqm has been allotted to the institute.But according to the map, CA 37 measuring 1,928.40 sqm is marked for 'shishuvihara' (nursery), while CA 38 is earmarked for 'educational purpose'. When asked whether Vidyaashram operates nursery or has plans to start one, the MLC said they don't. Later, he argued that it is CA 31 which is reserved for the nursery -- and not CA 37. When pressed further, he said: \"Muda records are incorrect.\" He argued that the urban body should clarify.The MLC asserted that government has powers to allot CA sites, and the urban body need not invite applications for allotment.\"Those having influence get them,\" he said, pointing out that 199 CA sites were allotted in Bangalore since 2008 and seven in the city in four years. Even Congress leaders have availed sites thus, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395216", "title": "DM's order needed to file appeal in acquittal case: Court", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa district court at Panaji dismissed an appeal filed by the government challenging the acquittal of a Russian national, Blagovernvyy George, by a judicial magistrate first class court (JMFC) for allegedly overstaying in 2010, after finding a flaw in filing the appeal.Referring to Section 378 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, which provides that a district magistrate may direct the public prosecutor (PP) to present an appeal in case of acquital, the assistant sessions judge, Sherin Paul, observed thus: \"The state, who is the appellant, has neither made an averment in the memo of appeal that the prosecutor was directed by the district magistrate to present the appeal, nor has the state produced any such direction from the district magistrate in writing to the prosecutor to have presented the appeal to the court of sessions.\"During the hearing of the case, the public prosecutor justified the filing of the appeal and submitted before the court that the director of prosecution opined that the appeal had to be filed challenging George's acquittal.The judge, while referring to the PP's argument, further stated that \"in what way this would be of assistance to the prosecution is not known, as this would not amount to a direction by the district magistrate to the PP to file the appeal\".The court also directed the release of the foreign national from custody. The chargesheet stated that George was found to have been overstaying at Arambol on April 8, 2010, without holding a visa and passport. The Russian national had stated before the JMFC court that he had been to the police station three times to report that his passport was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394154", "title": "Passport case: Bail granted to travel agent", "text": "BHOPAL: A district court on Tuesday granted bail to 61-year-old passport agent-Abu Bakar-who was arrested by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) in connection with issuance of passport from Bhopal to the alleged terrorist killed by Gujarat police in 2002.Two other accused in the case - clerk Sunil Rajak and superintendent K K Parihar of Bhopal passport office - filed an application for anticipatory bail, but to no avail. Hearing on the application was posted for Wednesday as the CID had not produced the case diary.Additional district judge Alka Dubey granted bail to Abu Bakar on a bond of Rs 25,000 each.The court has also imposed conditions like he will have to appear in the local police station twice in a month and has to get prior consent of the court before going out of the district.The CID had arrested Abu Bakar and a school teacher - Subash Vyas alias Guru in connection with issuance of a passport to Sameer Khan Pathan, who was shot dead by Ahmedabad City Crime branch on October 22 in 2002, claiming that he was on a mission to kill Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .The then passport officer T D Sharma, passport officer ( Raipur ) A J Lakda, clerk at Bhopal passport office Sunil Rajak and superintendent K K Parihar were also under scanner.While the role of two passport officers are still being probed, Rajak and Parihar applied for anticipatory bail, said sources. Around six persons were on CID radar for Pathan's passport that he had allegedly obtained in the name of Nawab Khan Haiyyatkhan Pathan from here to visit Pakistan on January 13 in 1998, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394059", "title": "Punish those responsible for 26/11 probe lapses: Activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Bureaucrat-turned-activist Abha Singh has demanded action against officers who are responsible for 26/11 terror attacks investigation lapses, which have been buried in files after terrorist Ajmal Kasab's execution.Singh pointed out six such blunders, most of which were reported in the media in the past. One of her points is the government's failure to extradite US national and LeT terrorist David Headley, despite the fact that the two countries have an extradition treaty. She also highlighted the sending of wrong viscera reports of terrorists killed in the attacks to Pakistan by Indian authorities and arrest of two suspects who were acquitted during the trial.A senior officer, while defending the police action, said, \"At times, in the larger interest, some minor administrative lapses take place while trying to expedite the investigation. The officers should be given the benefit of doubt for such lapses, if their intentions are genuine.\"Singh on Tuesday submitted a written complaint to the state home department, along with the collected evidences. She has demanded action against the responsible officers under Maharashtra Civil Services and All India Services rules. Singh said, \"The government should fix responsibility and if they fail to do so, we will approach the court.\"In her complaint, Singh has mentioned the missing bulletproof jacket of late ATS chief Hemant Karkare , who was killed in the attacks. She has also taken up the delay in registering an FIR in the jacket issue. She has pointed out the dubious evidences placed against suspects Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin, who have been acquitted. Two other points in her complaint are about the missing bulletproof jacket purchase file and not informing Kasab's advocate about President's rejection of his mercy plea to enable the to explore other legal options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394131", "title": "Finally, official sent to inspect affected school", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after TOI published its report on the pending inspection of the Maharshi Dayanand Higher Secondary School, the district education officer (DEO) sent an official to inspect the school on Tuesday.Block education officer Phanda Narendra Sharma went to the school at Sai Baba Nagar on Tuesday and collected all the documents from the school pertaining to the affiliation, land, fees, curriculum, etc to carry out a probe in various aspects pertaining to the school affiliation and infrastructure among others.He also spent around two and a half hours at the school and spoke to the school owner Vivek Bhatia, according to sources.The school has been allegedly built illegally on government land . A portion of the overhead tank at Sai Baba Nagar fell on a portion of the school recently.However, the documents submitted by the school owner reveal that the school has the permission of lease on 15,000 sq ft land till the year 2031.DEO C M Upadhyay said the department would arrive at a conclusion only after completion investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17396038", "title": "Treat for music lovers from December 1", "text": "DHARWAD: Bharateeya Sangeeta Vidyalaya will organize a three-day music festival to mark the 58th death anniversary of Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan from December 1 at Srujana auditorium in Dharwad.The music concert promises to provide a bonanza for music lovers in Dharwad with a series of music recitals being organized.The connoisseurs will be treated to a musical feast in the first week of December.'Jugal Bandi' in both vocal and instrument music will be the highlight of this year's programme. The Samiti has identified some of the upcoming Jugal Bandi artists and arranged for four Jugal Bandi concerts at the festival. A total number of 12 artistes and eight associate artistes will perform in four sessions. While the music concerts will be held in the evening on December 1 and 3, there will be a morning session on December 2, which falls on Sunday.A court musician at Indore, the late Ustad Rahimat Khan was an outstanding player of Rudra Veena and Sitar. On his way to Mysore durbar, he had a stopover at Dharwad for a mehfil. Attracted by the scenic beauty and tranquility of Dharwad and impressed by its musical heritage, he made Dharwad his home in 1911 and called himself Rahimat Khan Dharwadkar.He is credited with bringing the sitar down the Vindhyas. Rahimat Khan's musical legacy has now been handed down to three generations of artistes and among those who play the sitar with the same verve and gusto are Usman Khan, Mehboob Khan, Hamid Khan, Chhote Rahimat Khan, Rafique Khan, Shafique Khan, Rais khan and Hafiz Khan. The late Ustad set up the Bharateeya Sangeet Vidyalaya in 1932 and till date the Vidyalaya has produced a number of sitarists, many of them have made a name in the field of music. He passed away in 1954 and since then, music concerts are being organized every year to pay tributes to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394391", "title": "JPSI offers to host Formula One pre-season tests", "text": "NEW DELHI: The owners of Buddh International Circuit , Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI), are no longer satisfied with just hosting the annual Indian Grand Prix.They are now looking to host the F1 juggernaut twice a year and are planning to offer to organise the pre-season testing session at the Greater Noida circuit.Formula One teams are currently allotted 12 days of pre-season testing which is expected to take place at Jerez and Barcelona in the month of February next year.JPSI is proposing that the weather in India during this period will be more suitable for the F1 teams.\"The month of February is very cold in European countries be it Spain or France. We are in talks with International Automobile Federation (FIA) for organising the pre-season testing at the BIC, which should provide better weather conditions to the teams and the drivers,\" JPSI vice-president Askari H Zaidi told TOI on Tuesday.\"This is one of the many proposals JPSI is working on at the moment. We are also in talks with the organisers of World Endurance Championship for a possible race sometime in the future,\" Zaidi added.The proposal might be beneficial for the BIC but most of the F1 teams might be skeptical about to coming to Asia for the tests considering that most of them are based in Europe.For 2013, however, Qatar have also put their name in the hat to organise these testing sessions. The Losail International Circuit, just outside Doha, is hoping for a positive decision at the FIA General Assembly scheduled in December.JPSI also confirmed that it was one of parties interested in buying a stake in an F1 team. \"We were thinking about buying a stake in the F1 team some time back but on closer analysis the deal didn't make great sense to us. We are already getting plenty of mileage by hosting the Indian GP and buying a back-of-the-grid team like HRT won't boost out profile,\" Zaidi said.The BIC owners had also considered buying the new Indian Premier League franchise but decided against it. \"JPSI were serious about buying an IPL franchise and had got the bid document prepared. But we felt that we needed to concentrate on BIC first,\" the JPSI official said.Free invites for Festival of Speed on offer: Meanwhile, the BIC will host the Sidvin Festival of Speed this weekend with a total of 14 races, including JK Racing Asia Series finale, Polo R Cup and MRF Challenge.The grandstand at the BIC, which has a seating capacity of about 20,000, will be thrown open to the racing fans. \"We are not selling any tickets for this weekend. Special invites will be available for the racing fans at all outlets of JK Tyres, Audi, Volkswagen and Woodland as well as select outlets of MRF,\" JK Tyres head of motorsports Sanjay Sharma said.\"There is no limit to the number of invites and one doesn't need to be a customer to avail these. The spectacle will be open for all fans,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17397585", "title": "National award for Raipur artist", "text": "RAIPUR: It's a dazzling success for a disabled artist in the city who has been chosen for by the ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment for the 'National Awards For Empowerment Of Persons With Disabilities' 2012 under the category of 'Role Model Awards'.With multiple disabilities, Sadhna Dhand, 55, is a patient of severe orthopedic disease. She would be awarded by President Pranab Mukherjee , for her exceptional skills at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on December 3.Sadhna, a patient of rare disease of extremely brittle bones called Osteo Genesis Imperfecta (OI), is just 3.3 feet tall and has survived over 80 fractures. With her limited mobility on a wheel chair, she is an expert in different kinds of arts and paintings. She also runs an art class at her family residence and has claimed a number of awards in state. \"I started losing my hearing ability from the age of 12. Then I pursued a diploma in fine arts course on my mother's persistence from Mahakaushal Kala Vithika, which eventually became my passion,\" Sadhna said.Her passion doesn't end here. With her exquisite imagination, she has created images of Lord Ganesha with the leaves and flowers. Obsessed with Ganesha theme, Sadhna then displays these works of art in her photography exhibitions. With complete deafness now, Sadhna has trained more than 12,000 art students with her exceptional artistic skills till date. Her works are rich, sophisticated and stylistically consistent, which is a result of her hard work that she does right from morning 6 to 12 pm.\"Disability can be conquered through your strong will power ,\" she said adding that hearing loss was the biggest challenge for her to continue her passion and hobbies. \"But with the help of my family and my will power, I reached here.\"Sadhna has not only organized exhibitions in Raipur but also in Bhilai, Bhopal , Jaipur, Nagpur, Pune and New Delhi. She believes that the city lacks artistic approach but there's no dearth of artists here.\"I relish experimenting nature photography and I am immensely interested in gardening as well. Though I am quite content with my life, I still have an unaccomplished dream of launching an art institute in the city. However, my health doesn't permit me to exert much and hence I've abstained myself from this wish,\" Sadhna smiled.Awards received: 1998: Best art of the year for experimenting pictures on Lord Ganesha in All India Fine Art Exhibition. 1999: Awarded for excellent photography by Photographic Society of Chhattisgarh 2005: Stri Shakti Samman in Akhil Bhartiya Vaishya Sammelan 2011: Mahila Shakti Samman in field of art by state Chamber of Commerce and Industries.Sadhna has trained over 12,000 studentsWith her exquisite imagination, Sadhna has created images of Lord Ganesha with the leaves and flowers. Obsessed with Ganesha theme, she then displays these works of art in her photography exhibitions.With complete deafness now, Sadhna has trained more than 12,000 art students with her exceptional artistic skills till date. Her works are rich, sophisticated and stylistically consistent, which is a result of her hard work that she does right from morning 6 to 12 pm.\"Disability can be conquered through your strong will power,\" she said adding that hearing loss was the biggest challenge for her to continue her passion and hobbies. \"But with the help of my family and my will power, I reached here.\"Sadhna has not only organized exhibitions in Raipur but also in Bhilai, Bhopal, Jaipur, Nagpur, Pune and New Delhi. She believes that the city lacks artistic approach but there's no dearth of artists here.\"I relish experimenting nature photography and I am immensely interested in gardening as well. Though I am quite content with my life, I still have an unaccomplished dream of launching an art institute in the city. However, my health doesn't permit me to exert much and hence I've abstained myself from this wish,\" Sadhna smiled.A true braveheart, Sadhna is an apt example of role model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "17396307", "title": "I'm a hopeless professor, says Prof Dalai Lama", "text": "TUMKUR: The Dalai Lama is now Prof Dalai Lama, thanks to Tumkur University which conferred honorary professorship on the 77-year-old spiritual leader here on Tuesday.Within minutes of being honoured, the Dalai Lama said: \"I'm a hopeless professor, as I don't have much time to do homework or teach students.\" He hastened to add: \"Personally, however, this is a great honour.\"The Tibetan leader also inaugurated a two-day conference on 'yoga in education' at the same venue. The conference began with monks chanting hymns, followed by a speech in Tibetan to people from his community in the gathering.The Dalai Lama, however, promptly asked his translator to re-run the entire speech in English for the benefit of others, by gently pushing him on to the podium with his signature smile.\"Now I will start my speech in my broken English,\" said the Nobel Peace Prize winner, beginning his talk on 'A human approach to world peace' as the crowd broke into laughter.\"Indian civilization is very significant as it introduced the concept of ahimsa. All religions peacefully co-exist in harmony in India,\" he said, referring to the world's biggest religions like Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism that were born in India, and Christianity, Islam, Judaism and Zoroastrianism, practised by Indians for centuries. He added that Indians should thank Tibetans for bringing back the treasures of their ancient culture, as Tibetan Buddhism was spread in Tibet by Indian monks centuries ago.The septuagenarian also said that violence, which was justified in past centuries for bringing a new shape to the world, has to be avoided in future as it threatens to wipe out humanity with the development of sophisticated nuclear weapons.\"The solution to conflicts should be achieved using peaceful methods and meaningful dialogue, he said. \"Many feel that dialogue is a sign of weakness, which is totally wrong. But in order to do so, one has to truly respect others, their lives and feelings, and this has to be done out of genuine concern of the well-being of others,\" he added.WORDS OF WISDOMThe root of all evil is wealth. As wealth increases, greed increases, so does the sense of competition to earn more and more. This often gives rise to distrust and suspicion, which brings about fear and often creates frustration and anger that leads to violence.Eight to nine hours of sleep every night, and not blessings, keep me healthy and calm. I'm just a simple Buddhist monk, no more and no less.Dalai Lama | spiritual leader", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395626", "title": "Lancor buys property on GST Rd for Rs 40cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Property developer Lancor Holdings has acquired a 6.5-acre plot near Maraimalai Nagar on the GST Road for Rs 40 crore, or Rs 6.15 crore per acre.Lancor, in a regulatory filing with stock exchanges, said, \"The company has concluded the purchase of 100% equity shares of L&T; Commercial Projects Private Limited. As a result of this acquisition, approximately 6.5 acres of prime land on GST Road has become available for development into Residential and Commercial projects with good potential to earn profits.\"\"We have not decided to the end matrix of land development. We want to develop at least one acre for residential and some commercial space. The land is classified as commercial one. Negotiations with L&T; started in May last year and was concluded on Tuesday,\" Lancor managing director R V Shekhar said. \"I do not wish to comment on the acquisition cost. We have bought the company and therefore the land which was in the company's books.\"The eco-system of having a university (SRM University), commercial establishments like Ford India and others, coupled with IT SEZ of Estancia and the presence of Vidya Mandir School, brings additional strengths for property development in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17393858", "title": "Land acquisition delay hits Pranahita-Chevella project", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Delay in the acquisition of forest land is hampering the works of Dr B R Ambedkar Pranahitha - Chevella Sujala Sravanthi Lift Irrigation Scheme in the district. Lack of coordination between the forest and irrigation departments has the land acquisition process left incomplete.The forest department officials have refused to take the compensatory land offered by the lift irrigation authorities at Dhemikalan village of Thadwai mandal, a district level officer said. Though major irrigation minister P Sudarshan Reddy hails from this district and he had reviewed the project's progress with officials several times, the land acquisition issue has not yet been settled.In a review meeting held on April 10 this year, the Pranahita - Chevella project engineers and contractors complained to the minister that the project works had been delayed due delay in the acquisition of forest land. The minister assured that he would take it up with the state level forest officials, sources said.Speaking to TOI, project superintendent engineer, Gopal Reddy said that they had offered 370 acres land in Dhemikalan village as compensatory land to be acquired for the purpose of tunnel and canal works in packages 2l and 22 of the project.Two months ago, forest officials refused their proposal, stating that the land was not suitable to raise saplings, he informed. With a view to create a new ayacut of 3,04,500 acres in the district covering 19 mandals, the government has taken up the Pranahitha-Chevella project works with an estimated cost of Rs 3,483 crore.The works were divided into three packages - 20, 21 and 22. The lift scheme requires 316 acres forest land including 116 acres and 200 acres in packages 21 and 22 respectively. According to official records, though work of all the three packages are in progress, the tunnel works in forest lands have not commenced due to delay in land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395269", "title": "Cops assess Namdhari's role in shootout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emerging clarity on the role of Sukhdev Singh Namdhari in the Ponty Chadha shootout case has made investigators reassess their theory regarding the trigger for the fatal gunfight.While the south district police had termed it a clear case of revenge attack by Ponty's brother Hardeep, the crime branch's investigation into Namdhari's activities suggests deep links with the crime world that may have had a bearing on the feud between the Chadha brothers. Ponty and Hardeep were killed in the November 17 shootout at their Chhatarpur farmhouse.Sources claim Namdhari ran most of Ponty's businesses in Uttarakhand - where he headed the state's minorities commission - and some in UP, by proxy. He was recently tasked with managing Ponty's fledging business in South Africa. Although Ponty relied on Namdhari for his mining and stone crushing industries, senior political leaders in Uttarakhand have informed police that Namdhari made use of Ponty's name to grab several benami properties. Some of his goons were reportedly present at the Chhatarpur farmhouse where the Chadha brothers died.The disappearance of Namdhari's elder son and at least two maternal uncles after the shootout has also made police suspect that his family may be linked to the shootout in some way. Namdhari's elder son manages the everyday affairs of his father in Bajpur, Uttarakhand.Sources said Ponty had asked Namdhari to look after his family properties before leaving for South Africa a couple of months ago. On learning that Hardeep had taken over two family farmhouses, at Bijwasan and Chhatarpur, Ponty called him up, and Hardeep reportedly offered to give up his claim on all the other family properties if he was allowed to keep the farmhouses. Ponty did not agree, and Namdhari was aware of this.Police have also learnt about Namdhari's ties with two families that have political and business connections. \"We are not saying that Namdhari planned the rift between the two brothers. However, it might not be a coincidence that Namdhari stood to gain from the family tussle,\" said an officer. Delhi Police is coordinating with police from four other states to gather more information about Namdhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395040", "title": "Pune to get metered water supply soon: Chief minister", "text": "PUNE: A plan to provide drinking water supply in cities like Pune only through metered water connections is being worked out, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"The availability and distribution of drinking water has become a serious concern in most cities across the state,\" Chavan said. He was speaking at an interactive session with students at Fergusson College on Tuesday. \"People are virtually fighting for every drop of water and releasing water from reservoirs to the areas hit by scarcity has become a major worry,\" he added.\"Recently, the government had to take a decision to restrict water supply to Pune city to overcome the issue of projected water shortage on account of a bad monsoon. We have now decided to work out a plan for water supply only through metered water connection,\" he added.He said the water situation is worrisome in Marathwada where Jayakwadi, a major dam, had only 3% of its water storage capacity left at the end of the monsoon. \"We wonder how far this storage of water will suffice the needs of people in the region for various purposes.\"Chavan said the Parali thermal power plant, which draws its water requirement from Jayakwadi project, may get water only up to end of December. \"After this, we may have to shut down the Parali plant because of non-availability of water,\" he added.Earlier, extending an overview about the economic and social challenges faced by the state and the country, Chavan said that the young generation has to work towards creating a knowledge economy. \"India cannot progress and achieve a super power status only on the basis of its natural resources which are already under a severe strain. An alternative knowledge economy based on innovation, research and creative talent of the youth, is the best solution to overcoming the challenge,\" he said. \"Countries like Japan, Israel and South Korea have shown the way to achieve prosperity despite odds like less natural resources,\" he added.Chavan also expressed concern over the quality of higher education in the country. \"None of the Indian universities figures among the top 200 at the global level. We haven't had a Nobel laureate of our own for long. Engineering education suffers from quality and employability issues. We have to work towards changing this situation.\"Vikas Kakatkar and Shrikrishna Kanetkar, vice-chairman and secretary of the Deccan Education Society, respectively, and Fergusson College principal Ravindrasinh Pardeshi were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17395783", "title": "Elite schools catalyse real estate boom", "text": "For almost three years, the one bedroom house S Suha has taken on rent in Royapettah, a kilometer away from a private school in Gopalapuram, has remained locked. She pays the monthly rent of `Rs 10,000 because she has to show an address to keep her child in a school in Gopalapuram. For many parents like Suha, getting their children into kindergarten in a good school means moving house\u00e2\u20ac\u201dor renting one to show the address. As a rule, most schools admit only students who live within three to five kilometers from the school. The real estate value and rentals of a locality goes up when there is a school of repute.Schools say they give preference to people in the neighbourhood because children don't have to commute long distances. \"It makes it easy for the child. Travelling more than 5km would mean starting very early in the morning. At a young age, this is avoidable,\" says Revathi Sridharan, a retired school principal.Suha says her child travels 18km to and from the school, though she retains the neighbourhood house. \"But we don't mind that because there aren't many good schools in our neighbourhood, and we can't move since we have our extended family here,\" she says.Academicians and schools say they aren't totally ignorant of such unoccupied addresses. \"This only shows that parents attach great importance to certain schools. Yet when we come to know that primary school children live very far, we tell parents that they will have to move closer or take a transfer,\" said a headmistress of a big school. That's what techies Sabitha D and Devrajan S did. The couple sold their 2,500sqft independent house in Villivakkam to move into a multi-storied apartment on OMR. \"The building housed an upcoming school,\" says Sabitha.While open space, greenery and health clubs continue to be inevitable ingredients of their spiel, a reputed school in the vicinity often seals the deal with prospective buyers. For instance, when CeeDeeYes proposed the Chennai Pattinam project in Tiruporur, they built in the concept of 'walk to school' by tying up with the DAV Group of Schools. \"Many were keen to invest because of the branded school. From 2,500 houses, we expect to have at least 1,500 students. The school will give priority to residents of the building,\" said CeeDeeYes CMD C Devadasa Sundaram.Six years ago, when the Shree Niketan Group of Schools set up their matriculation school in Tiruvallur, the neihgbourhood didn't have much to boast of. Now there are two banks, a supermarket and a leading apparel showroom. In 2006, the real estate price was Rs 200 per square feet here, says school correspondent P Vishnucharan. \"Now the going rate is Rs 2,800 per sqft. When I made the decision to purchase seven grounds three years ago for Rs 1,200 a sqft, I felt I was getting a bad deal. Now it is worth more than double,\" he adds. The school strength has also grown from 340 children in 2006 to 2,600 now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17395248", "title": "Four arrested for various crimes", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police have arrested five people from Digas-Panchwadi in Ponda on Tuesday for illegally restraining the entry of a vehicle, assaulting Manuel Rodrigues from Shiroda and stealing his belongings on November 23.The Ponda police said that Rodrigues had complained to the police soon after the incident but they arrested the accused on Tuesday after conducting an inquiry. They said that the complainant had alleged that the accused had illegally restrained his vehicle and had assaulted him on November 23. The complainant informed the police on Tuesday that his gold bracelet and gold chain were missing since the incident and suspected that the accused stole it.The police have named the arrested accused as Saish Naik, Gaurish Gaonkar, Preetam Naik, Swapnil Naik and Prabal Naik, all residents of Digas-Panchwadi.The police have registered an offence against the accused under Ssection 341 (illegally restraining entry), Ssection 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and Ssection 379 (theft outside dwelling), read with Section 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Ponda PSI Mohan Gaude is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396285", "title": "Zakia can't protest clean chit given to Modi: Court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-mandated SIT as well as chief minister Narendra Modi got a major relief on Tuesday. A magisterial court closed Zakia Jafri's right to file a protest petition against the clean chit to Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra restricted Zakia's right to object to SIT's closure report by filing a petition, after she failed to file one despite repeated adjournments.On Tuesday, the court rejected her plea which was filed on November 23 demanding more time to file the protest petition on the grounds that she has moved the SC with a clarification about the scope of SIT's investigation, which the lower court observed was limited to the Gulbarg Society massacre. She asked the lower court to give her time to file the application till the apex court decides the issue.The lower court rejected the plea by saying that when the issue would be finalized was not under Zakia's control. The complainant cannot be given unlimited time in filing such a petition for the kind of reasons put forth by her. The court also observed that the complainant was granted time more than once in the past, but she made undue delay.The court, however, has maintained that Zakia would have a right to make an oral submission during proceedings over the closure report. Her counsel, S M Vora, expressed his reservations over this order and submitted to the court that the SC is to hear Zakia's Special Leave Petition on December 3 and the court ought to have waited till then at very least. The next hearing on the closure report is on December 5.The SIT submitted its closure report on Zakia's complaint against Modi and 62 others accusing them of involvement in the conspiracy of the 2002 riots in February. Zakia was given a copy more than a month later. For nearly three months, the court heard her applications for various demands from placing the missing documents to providing legible copies.During these months, various issues arose in the proceedings. While Zakia sought to oust Investigating Officer Himanshu Shukla, SIT vehemently objected to social activist Teesta Setalvad's intervention in the proceeding.Since these proceedings were over, the SIT demanded that Zakia should file her protest petition soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395117", "title": "Few women takers for police posts", "text": "PANAJI: The recently-concluded drive of the Goa police to recruit 698 police constables has managed to shortlist a mere 50 women for the posts.The Goa police had received 24,000 applications for 698 constable posts, of which 8,000 were direct applications and 16,000 were from the employment exchange.Around 10,000 applicants turned up for the document verification and physical measurements, of which 1,000 women and 6,000 men were selected for physical efficiency test. \"After conducting the document verification, physical measurements and physical efficiency test, we have selected 50 women and 1,300 men,\" superintendent of police Arvind Gawas said. The qualified candidates will now have to appear for a written and oral test.The written test will be conducted on December 9. Speaking to TOI, Gawas said that the police department is disappointed with the preparedness of female candidates who have appeared for the physical efficiency test.He added that this time they have received fewer responses from people of Salcette taluka.From December 10 to December 28, the Goa police will begin the document verification and physical measurements and physical efficiency test for 105 police sub inspector (PSI) posts. A total of 6,000 applications were received, of which 50% were direct and 50% indirect applications.\"We hope that this time women candidates come prepared so that they can pass all the tests,\" said Gawas.During the physical test, one has to exceed in 100m and 800m running, high jump, long jump and shot put.\"We are expecting to complete the entire recruitment process by March 31, 2013\", said Gawas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393877", "title": "Limbole lifts Mumbai Police in Times Shield 'B' Division", "text": "MUMBAI: A fine unbeaten 191 by opener Shrikant Limbole and his 159 run- partnership for the third wicket with Humayun Hiramani helped Mumbai Police finish the first day at 400 for 4 against Future Group in the three-day Times Shield 'B' Division match on Tuesday.Brief scores: Mumbai Police 400-4 (Shrikant Limbole batting 191, Rajesh tandel 35, Humayun Hirapure74, Santosh Shinde batting 38) vs Future Group; Central Railway 193 (Harshad Rawale 52, Salil Aagarkar 30; Atish Walinjkar 4-49,Rahul Thakur 3-37) vs Western Railway 50-2; Income Tax 296 (Sumit Meher 93, Jayesh patil 69, D.Nagvekar 35,Atish Gawand 5-55, Bala Shirke 2-39, P.Mehata 2-45) vs Mumbai Customs 30-2; Bank of India 261 (Ankit Revandkar 68, Shekhar Bhor 62, Sameer Apte 34; Yogesh Dicholkar 3-71, Ankush jaiswal 5-51) vs Mumbai Port Trust45-3; Indian Navy 239 (I Khan 44, A.Kumar 59, A.Tiwari 35; J.Gharat 3-79, D.Thakue 3-49,Vinay dandekar 4-57) vs Reliance Energy 106-5 (N.Kadam batting 34).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17396824", "title": "Leopard mauls Ganjam woman", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A leopard killed a woman (40) in Ganjam's Bada Chadeyapada village, around 50 km from here, on Monday. Police identified the dead as Kama Sahu. The animal attacked her when she was going to the field to pluck vegetables. Kama was rushed to Polasara hospital, where doctors declared her \"brought dead\", said IIC (Kabisurya Nagar police station) S L K Prasad.Locals said the big cat dragged her some metres from the field and disappeared after clawing at her throat.In another incident, a hyena picked up a goat near Aska's Charimaili, around 45 km from here, on Monday night. The carcass of the goat was recovered by forest officials on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396917", "title": "Varsity wish list on 70th birthday", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even as Utkal University turned 70 on Tuesday, the institution still awaits implementation of several ambitious plans. Long drawn projects to modernize Parija library and digitize the campus continue to elude the varsity, while it initiated steps to fill up largescale vacancies of teachers only recently. Not surprisingly, the varsity is attracting far less foreign students compared to many other institutions in the city.Ravenshaw University, upgraded from college to university in November 2006, has been routinely getting students from outside India. At present, around 50 foreigners are studying in Ravenshaw University, while KIIT University has around 200 foreign students on its rolls.Compared to these institutions, Utkal gets foreign students very rarely. There was one foreign MBA student in 1997-98 and another in personnel management and industrial relations a year later in 1998-99. Similarly, the varsity had one foreign student in Sanskrit in 1999-2000.Utkal University authorities, however, said the varsity is also getting foreign students. \"We are getting some students from outside the country. Besides, our faculty members are also visiting different universities. We will explore such possibilities more vigorously in the future,\" said university registrar Devendranath Jena.The varsity is also ailed by poor infrastructure. Pitiable upkeep and a leaky roof mars the six-storied building of the varsity library. The varsity is planning to undertake repair work after a gap of around 15 years. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has sanctioned Rs 30 lakh for the renovation of the library. The varsity is also working on automation of the library to make it more reader-friendly. Inaugurated in 1976, the varsity's Parija library, named after former Utkal University vice-chancellor Pranakrushna Parija, is the second largest library in the state after the state library in Bhubaneswar. It has a collection of around 3.5 lakh books, text books, reference books and study material useful for post graduate and post doctoral study.Besides, the varsity's Rs 1.80 crore e-governance project, started in 2004, has remained a non-starter. The project was outsourced to a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395224", "title": "Teachers shoot VC volley of questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The vice-chancellor of DU, Dinesh Singh, and other officials visited the evaluation centre at Daulat Ram College on Tuesday and was reportedly \"confronted\" by examiners working there.According to sources, he was \"trying to pacify teachers who told him the new system was a nightmare\". Teachers asked him the rationale of the new scheme but \"he had no answers\".Singh spent about 30 minutes at the centre. Since there was utter chaos, teachers did not realize the VC was in their midst. It was when he spoke to the centre coordinator that they spotted him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394386", "title": "PIL filed by Indore-based NGO dismissed", "text": "INDORE: The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court passed an order dismissing the PIL filed by city- based NGO Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050 alleging irregularities in the use of fund given for development of city infrastructure. At the same time, the petitioner was asked to approach the National Green Tribunal in cases related to environment and greenery in the city.The president of the NGO, Kishor Kodwani had filed a writ petition in public good on November 23, 2011 questioning the usage of the funds provided by the government in the past few years. The funds amounting to Rs 4,000 crore were provided for urban development, mainly improvement of the city infrastructure.The bench comprising justice Shantanu Kemkar and Prakash Srivastava passed the judgement with the help of Piyush Mathur, who was the advisor to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396232", "title": "16th DC international book fair from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The capital city is all set to turn into a book lovers' paradise for the next 14 days as the DC International Book Fair celebrates its 16th year with an expanded line up of more than 350 publishers, including Penguin, Faber &amp; Faber, Random House, Harper Collins, Hachette, Mango, Puffin and LadyBird.Jnanpith award winner ONV Kurup will inaugurate the fair at the Kanakakkunnu Palace ground. Filmmaker Girish Kasaravalli will release Adoor Gopalakrishnante Pathinonnu Thirakadhakal' - a compilation of 11 screenplays of the director - at the inaugural function on Wednesday.More than 10 lakh books, regional and international, will be lined up for the fair in different genres. \"Reading habit among Keralites has improved in the past four years than ever before. Most of the readers now follow a particular style of writing or an author. We are expecting around 2 lakh visitors at the fair,\" said Ravi D C. The book fiesta will provide an opportunity for readers, academicians, authors and publishers to come under one roof. Book releases, discussions and cultural events will be held on all days of the fair, which would be attended by eminent writers, scholars and artists. DC Books will also relaunch its online portal www.dcbooks.com during the book fair. The fair will conclude on December 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396459", "title": "Chandigarh lost Rs 34cr to thefts in 2011: NCRB records", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh stole a march over five states and four union territories where theft and burglary cases are concerned, with city residents having borne losses to the tune of Rs 34.24 crore in 2011. The city topped theft charts across commercial establishments, banks, residential areas and private and government offices among five states and four UTs.According to the compiled study of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), Chandigarh ranked top in theft cases among union territories, including Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Daman and Diu, Lakshadweep, and states like Sikkim, Mizoram, Himachal Pradesh, J&K; and Uttarakhand in 2011.Records of the NCRB, authorized to release the status of every state and UT on the basis of the law and order situation across the country, stated that a total of 1,502 thefts and 282 burglaries of vehicles, jewellery, cash, household items and documents including ATM, credit cards, passports, driving licenses etc occurred in 2011.Most cases of theft were recorded from the southern sectors and to make matters worse, the recovery ratio of the Chandigarh police was said to be very low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17397029", "title": "Santhals unhappy about neglect of religious place", "text": "BOKARO: The Santhal tribals are disappointed with non-development of their holy place, LugguBuru Ghantavadi Dhoramgaad, situated at Luggu hill at Lalpania in Gomia block here.Many Santhals, who have arrived here to participate in the 12th general congress of Santhals at Luggu Buru Ghantavadi Dhoramgaad beginning Wednesday, have expressed concern over non-development of their religious place. The development of the area has not taken place despite the promises made by big political leaders last year. However, chief minister Arjun Munda is also arriving to participate in the meet on Wednesday.Santhal, the largest tribal community in the country, assemble here once every year to offer prayer to Luggu Baba and perform religious rituals. During the meet, they also discuss development of Santhali culture. A huge fair is organized to mark the occasion which draws a large number of residents.\"This is our biggest religious gathering. Santhals from Nepal, Manipur, Odisha, Bihar and other states have started arriving to participate in the function. There was no development witnessed despite of the promises made political leaders a year ago. Speaking to the Santhalis here last year, Munda had announced Rs 5 crore for the development of the area. But his promises have not come true yet,\" said Jairam Hansda. The religious place is situated in the vicinity of hill and is adorned with natural beauty. The spot boasts of several beautiful sights and has huge potential to attract tourists. Apart from Santhalis, the people belonging to other communities also visit the place to seek the blessings of Luggu Baba, which is a face of Lord Shiva.Apart from Munda, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren along with tribal welfare minister Champai Soren had also laid the foundation of a cultural community bhavan in November 2011. But that too is yet to come up making the community unhappy.A visitor, Lobin Murmu, said, \"Hemant Soren had announced last year that this area would be developed as a national tourist spot.\" Luggu Buru Ghantavadi Dhoramgaad is situated at the foothill while the Luggu Baba temple is located atop the hill. The devotees have to walk more than 6 km on foot for darshan of Luggu Baba. Officer of the welfare department Shashi Bhusan Mehra said the detail project report related to the development of LugguBuru Ghantavadi Dhoramgaad had been approved. \"We are in the process to award contract.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17394504", "title": "MLA's driver succumbs to injuries sustained in road accident", "text": "KARNAL: Vikas, the gunman of former transport minister and independent MLA O P Jain, who sustained grievous injuries in the road accident which claimed the life of chairman of Haryana's state level Environment Impact Assessment Authority and retired IAS, R D Sheokand, succumbed to his injures in PGI, Chandigarh, on Tuesday.Vikas was injured after the car in which he was travelling along with driver Mukesh jumped off the divider on NH1 near Nirmal Kutiya and rammed a Swift Desire which was coming from the opposite direction and had Sheokand in it along with Ranbir Lamba, a retired general manager of the Chandigarh co-operative bank.Vikas was rushed to PGI from the Karnal trauma centre in view of his condition where he succumbed to his injuries. Doctors attending to Vikas at the civil hospital said Lamba had been shifted to a private hospital in Panchkula, his home town, and kept on ventilators. He had suffered multiple injures in legs and arms and an optical nerve injury in the crash.Meanwhile, the district police have registered a case under Sections 279 (rash driving) 337 (negligence) and 304-A (causing death by negligence) of the IPC against Mukesh, who was driving the MLA's car. Police said Mukesh and Vikas had been left behind by the cavalcade of the CM, who was on his way to Kunjpura airstrip after visiting Panipat.Sheokand and Lamba were on their way to Delhi from Panchkula when the accident occurred.They said Vikas was driving rashly to catch up the cavalcade and lost control of the vehicle which led to the accident. He escaped fatal injuries as the air bag of the car saved him. Chief medical officer, Karnal, S K Gaur said the driver was recuperating at the trauma centre and responding well to the medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396757", "title": "Former zilla parishad member on crime branch radar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Puri police have sought the assistance of the Economic Offence Wing (EOW) of the Crime Branch to expedite probe into alleged misappropriation Rs 2 crore by a local microfinance company run by a former zilla parishad member.The company had in 2009 taken Rs 1.84 crore loan from a leading private bank to disburse funds to more than 300 self-help groups. The bank in November 2009 lodged a complaint at Puri Sadar police station alleging nonpayment of the funds to some beneficiaries and irregularity in repayment of installments by the company.\"Since the case has not yet been solved, we have sought the guidance of EOW to make a headway. An inspector of HRPC (human rights protection cell) wing will probe the case now,\" IG Arun Ray said while reviewing the progress of investigation on Tuesday. He could not say whether the company ever returned any money to the bank. Police had then registered a case against the company's secretary, Sudhakar Bhol, a former ZP member. He rubbished the charges against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394403", "title": "Technician\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death at CHL Apollo: Investigation hints at suicide", "text": "INDORE: Primary investigations in the incident where a former technician was found dead under mysterious circumstances at CHL Apollo hospital on Monday hint at suicide.Bharat Jinwal, a resident of Lala Ka Bagicha was found dead in the washroom of the hospital on Monday morning, and his family members suspected that he was killed by injecting poison.Investigating officer YR Gaikawad said that this appears a case of suicide, and he himself had taken the drugs used in anaesthesia.About the possible reason behind taking the extreme step, he said that he was in a relationship with another female staff of the hospital. He probably had come to meet the woman and people even saw them together in the evening. As per staff, the woman also appeared disturbed on Sunday. Bharat Jinwal was found dead the next morning.The woman was residing in Azad Nagar area in a rented house and left it on Monday only, he added.Reports of post-mortem and call details are likely to clear the scene, he said. Bharat was an OT technician in the hospital and had left the job around a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395589", "title": "Trees at peril in pretty-park drive", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly a dozen trees face the axe in the 'beautification' drive at Maddox Square in south Kolkata. Labourers engaged to replace worn-out iron railings are mercilessly hacking the roots of full-grown trees along the periphery to build a broader foundation for the new, sturdier railings.With no civic official to oversee the work, several trees will be left tottering on the brink of collapse. TOI spotted at least one tree, on the northwestern edge of the park, already on the verge of toppling over. It's been kept up only by the old railing that it leans upon after having its roots hacked off. It has to be cut down to prevent an accident. Several other trees could meet a similar fate as work progresses.The railing between the northern and southern gates along the eastern side of the park had been replaced in September-October 2010. This is the section used by pandal-hoppers during Durga Puja at the park that generates very high footfall. While morning walkers and neighbourhood residents are glad that Kolkata Municipal Corporation has finally taken up unfinished work, they are peeved at the manner in which roots are being hacked to dig a trench 2 ft x 2 ft trench to lay the base for the new railing.\"The labourers and the contractor are completely insensitive to the importance of trees in a park. The way they are hacking the roots of full-grown trees, most of them will get uprooted during the next Nor'wester. I wonder how KMC can allow labourers to act according to their will. An official of the parks and squares department should definitely have been present to oversee the work,\" said septuagenarian Ranajit Ghoshal, who has been going to the ground regularly for nearly two decades and vouches that some of the affected trees are older still.While the labourers axe the roots without flinching, they are extremely careful when it comes to digging the trench along the rear of a disused gardener's quarter and a room constructed by a local club. \"Damaging an existing structure will lead to a lot of trouble. So we will try to circumvent the walls to build the fence. The trees, on the other hand, are not an issue since no one complains,\" said Md Shahbuddin, the labour manager in the project.Not just that, the entire team of 15 labourers has pitched a tent near the park's north gate. That is where they will live for the next couple of months - the time that is expected to take to do the 725 ft railing. Not only will the men sleep there and dirty a corner of the park where they answer nature's call. Worse, meals are being cooked on a makeshift hearth inside the park.A KMC official argued that labourers staying and cooking in a park was a prevalent practice and did not see any harm in roots being chopped off to build a fence. \"The labourers come from districts, in this case from Murshidabad. Where do they stay if not in the park during the work period? They aren't causing permanent damage,\" he said.SOLUTIONSShifting the fence outward by a foot would have spared the trees. The pavement is nearly 7-ft wide and wouldn't have inconvenienced pedestrians if one foot was pared down. While the harm has been done at the northern periphery, trees along the western and southern boundary can still be saved as work on this section is yet to begin.Trailer homes for labourers can easily accommodate 15 bedrolls, besides providing a cooking table. Similarly, mobile biological toilets can be parked next to project sites for use by labourers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17395855", "title": "Coimbatore medical college and hospital to soon have high-tech testing lab to detect drug resistant TB", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore medical college and hospital (CMCH) will soon have a high-tech laboratory to detect Multi Drug Resistance Tuberculosis (MDR-TB).Funded by the government's central tuberculosis division, high tech machines will be installed in the laboratory to detect cases at the earliest, said M Saktivel, district tuberculosis officer.The lack of advanced machines in Coimbatore requires testing to be conducted in Chennai. In the last three months, out of the 60 MDR-TB cases sent to the National Reference Laboratory in Chennai, 23 were positive. Another 50 cases are expected to be sent to Chennai in the coming days.With the existing facilities, Saktivel said that it takes three weeks to detect MDR-TB.However, when the new lab at CMCH launches operations with trained microbiologists and lab technicians, the wait time for test results will be much shorter, he confirmed. The existing facilities for treating TB patients at CMCH is one of the few in the state availed by residents of Coimbatore, Nilgiris, Erode, Karur and Tirupur. Presently, there are 23 TB patients being treated at the hospital, he added.Saktivel said Gene Xpert, a diagnostic tool that detects MDR-TB, will be installed in the hospital soon. The Gene Expert test is called Cartridge Based Nucleic Acid Amplification Testing. It tests the presence of TB bacteria and resistance to anti-TB drug rifampicin. The tool has World Health Organisation (WHO) approval and recommendation. Experts say the device could lead to three times more detection of drug-resistant TB.MDB-TB most commonly develops in the course of treating TB patients. Most common causes include inappropriate treatment prescribed by doctors and failure of patients to follow or complete treatment. Because MDR tuberculosis is an airborne pathogen, persons with active, pulmonary tuberculosis caused by a multidrug-resistant strain can transmit the disease if they are alive and coughing, he said.From past experience, Shaktivel said that migratory workers, alcoholics and truck drivers are susceptible to MDB-TB. Patients who are covered by the Pharma Security Scheme can avail Rs 1000 from the government if they are in need of financial aid. The money would be distributed to beneficiaries through local tahsildars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17396446", "title": "'BOD standard only at Garhmukteshwar'", "text": "VARANASI: The four-day cultural extravaganza of Ganga Mahotsava organised on the bank of the Ganga at Rajendra Prasad Ghat concluded on Tuesday.Now, the city will witness the entire riverfront glittering with innumerable earthen lamps as well as electric lighting on the occasion of Dev Deepawali on Wednesday evening.Both the Ganga Mahotsava and Dev Deepawali are annual features of city associated with its millennia-old culture and the Ganga.While Ganga Mahotsava is organised to attract foreign and domestic tourists and create awareness about the holy river, Dev Deepawali has its mythological significance.The festivals are linked with the piousness and purity of Ganga.\"Abstaining from all polluting activities will be the true worship of Ganga,\" said Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmental scientists and one of the expert members of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA).It is common to see polluting activities like cattle washing and raw sewage discharge into the holy river.In scientific terms the level of pollution has reached alarming proportions.According to the report of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) about water quality assessment, the biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) complies with the standard only at Garhmukteshwar and Narora, and also shows decreasing trends in these locations.Except in Kanpur d/s (down stream), where BOD shows a marginally decreasing trend, BOD in rest of the locations shows increasing or marginally increasing trends.The dissolved oxygen (DO) complies with the standard at all locations. However, no trend is observed at Kannauj u/s (upper stream), Bithoor, Kanpur u/s, Allahabad (Rasoolabad), and Allahabad d/s.At Kannauj d/s, marginally decreasing and at Kanpur d/s, decreasing trends in DO are observed. DO in rest of the locations showed a marginal increasing trend.The faecal coliforms (FC) complied with the standard at only one location -Narora. From Garhmukteshwar to Allahabad d/s, a continuous increasing trend is observed with respect to FC.At Varanasi u/s and d/s, decreasing trends in FC are observed, whereas a marginal decreasing trend is noticed at Trighat. The BOD, DO, and FC normally indicate the biological health of a river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396173", "title": "Sex racket busted in Nedumangad, nine arrested", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nedumangad police on Monday busted a sex racket reportedly functioning there for the past 10 years. The police also took nine people, including five women, after raiding a house at Thannimoodu near Nedumangad.The police identified the accused as Sophiya (40), Mini (37), Bindu (28), Sheena (27), Mini (30), Abhilash (35), Chandu (21), Anoop (25), and Anoop (20). All of them were produced before the court on Tuesday and six of them were remanded in judicial custody and three women, Bindu, Sheena and Mini were sent to the women's rescue home under the social welfare department.The police said that the activities of the racket have been monitored by the police for quite some time following complaints from the local residents. The racket conducted the business in a large four bed-room house owned by Sophiya and Mini. The house was secured by high periphery walls and strong gates. Police had to jump over the walls to get inside the house.Nedumangad sub inspector Rakesh said that the duo had been active in the field for the past 10 years. They had been arrested several times in the past. But every time they were released from the prison, they resumed the illegal activity. The duo also had the support of local goons in conducting the business, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "17395705", "title": "Mamata orders land hunt for Bankura project", "text": "BANKURA: In a bid to announce setting up of the Meghnad Saha Atomic Energy Institution during her December 3-4 visit to the district, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has asked the district magistrate to look for about 100 acres. Experts feel the announcement will help the Trinamool Congress strengthen support base ahead of the panchayat polls.Talking to TOI, district Trinamul Congress working president Arup Chakraborty admitted that the chief minister on Monday told the DM to scout for about 300 bighas on Monday. \"It is her dream project but I don't know its exact details. We have received information on a large portion of vested land and the DM and our party leaders went on a recce. We found the land to be around 600 bighas, situated in Ardhagram-Valui Manar Char near Mejia. No acquisition is needed if we zero in on the land,\" he said.Chakraborty also said that the chief minister will lay the foundation stone of SPS Group's Rs 5,000-crore integrated steel plant project near Mejia during her two-day visit. Besides, on December 4, Mamata will lay the foundation stone of an agricultural college in Chatna. At Gogra, she will lay the foundation stone of a super-speciality hospital. Later in the day, she will also address a gathering at Onda.In the last assembly polls, Trinamool had bagged eight and Congress one of the total 12 seats in Bankura. The chief minister wants to improve the performance of her party in the forthcoming polls and is likely to announce a number of projects to woo the voters, sources said.\"The chief minister will meet all senior administrative officials of the district, lay the foundation stone of few projects and address a gathering during her visit,\" said Bankura DM Bijoy Bharati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394090", "title": "No more monitoring of probe into NTRO purchases: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed satisfaction with the action taken on the Comptroller and Auditor General's audit report pointing out certain irregularities in purchase of intelligence gathering equipment by National Technical Research Organization (NTRO).On petitioner V K Mittal's request for placing the CAG report in Parliament, additional solicitor general Harin Raval informed a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad that the audit was done on the government's special request and that was the reason, coupled with the sensitivity attached to the issue, for submission of the report to the Prime Minister's Office.After monitoring the probe and perusing the status reports, the bench told petitioner's counsel Jayant Bhushan that \"merely because they have not registered a criminal case in this matter does not mean that action has not been taken\".The court said it was satisfied with the action taken as narrated in the status reports and asked the petitioner to inform the court within two weeks whether he had any specific instance of irregularity which had not been addressed so far by the authorities. The bench also returned all the probe status reports back to NTRO.The reports periodically informed the court about status of the probe into irregularities in the purchase of equipment and also the action taken on the recommendations of the one-man commission under Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) chief Sanjeev Tripathi and the CAG.Mittal had alleged that a major portion of the Rs 450 crore NTRO scam pertained to purchase of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from an Israeli firm allegedly at a very high price without the mandatory approval of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).NTRO, which was set up in 2004 and functions under the PMO, has been entrusted with the task of missile monitoring, satellite and airborne imagery, cyber patrolling and security, cyber offensive operations and communication support systems, including cryptology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17394910", "title": "Noida cops keep youth chained to post for 4hrs", "text": "NOIDA: In a blatant violation of human rights, Noida police on Tuesday chained an alleged pickpocket to a post without even formally arresting him. The youth was reportedly kept captive at the Sector 15 police outpost for more than four hours. He was brought there by three men who alleged that he resembled the person who had picked their pocket three days ago.However, a senior Gautam Budh Nagar police officer clarified that the constable had tied the suspect's left leg with a chain and locked it because the outpost was short-staffed. This was done so that \"the alleged pickpocket would not run away\".The officer added that the cop stationed there had an urgent call to attend to at the PCR, but returned within a few minutes.The suspect, who is in his 20s, was brought to the police outpost by three residents of Mayur Vihar around 1.30pm. They told the cops that they had caught the suspect near the Sector 15 Metro station in Noida as he \"looked like\" the person who had picked their pocket three days ago near Mayur Vihar Metro station.When the outpost in-charge was contacted, besides denying the incident, he said that he had been away from the outpost for almost the entire day.Senior police officers told TOI that they were unaware of any such incident.\"If something like that has occurred, it is wrong and an investigation will be carried out. Guilty cops will be taken to task,\" he said.Times ViewUP police must take strict actionTo begin with, it isn't even clear whether the person detained by police was indeed guilty of the crime he is alleged to have committed. But even if he had been unquestionably guilty, police would have had no right to treat him in this manner. The UP police must investigate the matter and take strict action to send out a clear signal that contempt for proper legal processes will not be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394776", "title": "Changing angle for that perfect landing", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to make landing at Mumbai airport more accurate, Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) are changing the glides path angle. The glide angle at the main runway (27) is 3.3 degrees now. It will be changed to 3 degrees.On Tuesday, the main runway was unavailable for landing and the other end (09) was in use. Officials said that while work is under way, the glide scope on the main runway (27) will not be available for the coming two months. This means, that if visibility drops, all flights would land on the secondary runway or on the 09 end of the main runway. This may mean a delay of 10-15 minutes.Airport officials say the glide angle on the main runway was steeper than globally recommended standards. This means aircraft descend at a steep angle and at a higher speed. This is now being changed so that aircraft can land more accurately and at the right speed. Glide path is an equipment that gives vertical guidance to a landing aircraft. The aircraft locks the signal and descent angle from the glide path and starts descending. Its function is to bring the aircraft to a proper spot or touchdown zone on the runway. Three degrees is considered optimum.Though flights at Mumbai airport can land easily on runway 09, there are no rapid exit taxiways (RET). Hence, aircraft take 30-50 seconds extra to vacate the runway. Also, low visibility during winters can hamper flight operations. Officials said that without the glide path, main runway 27 will be used only when visibility is at least 2,800 meters. Else, runway 09 or the secondary runway will have to be used. These two face heavy tail wind conditions making it tough for big aircraft to land.\"With the glide path, the minimum required visibility on the main runway is 550m. Without it, it goes up to 2,800m. During winters, such high visibility is scarcely possible and landing will have to be moved to the other end of the runway where tail winds are heavy,\" said an airport official. \"This means that certain airlines operating long haul flights on bigger aircraft will have to cut load and fly into Mumbai,\" he added. Officials also said that in case visibility drops below 1,800m (the required minimum for the 09 end and the secondary runway, the airport will have to be shut. \"This, however, is an extreme case scenario,\" said an airport official.An MIAL spokesperson said, \"A higher glide angle has inherent operational disadvantages such as its unsuitability for Cat-II and Cat-III ILS approaches. MIAL is working jointly with AAI, Airlines and DGCA on this. Trials of the new flight procedures if successful will further enhance CSIA's operational efficiency and safety standards. Also taking all the historical weather pattern into consideration, the trial period is chosen at the best time of the year for getting desired results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394003", "title": "Education loan camps in state to meet target", "text": "BHOPAL: Faced with the prospect of the banks unable to meet its target about disbursement of education loans, the Madhya Pradesh government has decided to organize loan camps in all districts of the state. The nationalized banks have been asked to participate in the camps so that they can reach out to more students.The state has barely achieved 25% of its target of education loans fixed by the state-level bankers committee (SLBC).Ashok Shah, commissioner institutional finance, talking to TOI said, \"Camps would be held in all the district headquarters of the banks. All the district collectors have been asked to provide assistance to the banks. The aim of the camps is to provide education loan to all the needy students.\"During the SLBC meeting in November, it was informed that against the target of 30,000 cases only 6,734 cases have been sanctioned education loan till September. It was also stated that the State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank (PNB) and Central Bank have sanctioned much less cases than the targetThe nationalized banks, on the other hand, cite variety of reasons why the students are not approaching them for the education loans.Retail in charge, circle office PNB , V B Kohad said, \"Even though schemes are liberal, the target is far from being achieved. Only 20-25% of the total cases have been dealt with by the banks.\"He cited diverse lending mechanisms for such circumstances. \"Previously, only some of the banks were offering loans to customers. These days private banks too offer education loans, and on competitive pricing. Hence it is proving more difficult,\" Kohad said.Vijay Walia, deputy general manager (DGM) and zonal head at Corporation Bank, MP and CG attributed the stringent laws laid down by the education loan model of Indian Banks' Association (IBA) that makes disbursement of loans difficult.\"With the uncertain placements in the job sector, it is important to protect the interests of the depositor,\" said Walia. \"Also, probable increase in the non-performing assets (NPA) is a major scare for the bankers which is why the IBA thought to tighten the noose,\" he said.\"The target is only indicative. Also, the banks have been told to lower their interest rates on the loan so that more students find the incentive to take the education loan,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396528", "title": "RJD submits 'chargesheet' against Nitish govt", "text": "PATNA: Three days after CM Nitish Kumar presented his seventh report card, the RJD on Tuesday submitted its 'chargesheet' against the NDA government in Bihar, accusing it of corruption, deterioration in law and order, loot of funds, being directionless and insensitive. Calling it 'People's chargesheet' against Nitish government: 'Sarkar mast, janata pust', the 69-page report was released by leaders of opposition in Bihar assembly and council, Abdul Bari Siddiqui and Ghulam Ghaus, respectively, and state RJD chief Ramchandra Purbe.\"Converting 'Loktantra' into 'Loot-tantra' is the biggest achievement of the Nitish government,\" the RJD leaders said Nitish was suffering from 'mental diarrhoea'. They went to the extent of comparing the CM with Hitler, Idi Amin and Czar and said Nitish could not tolerate criticism.\"Contrary to government's tall claims, worsening law and order and spurt in crime figures have hit the national headlines and the state government's failure in containing crime has been exposed time and again,\" said Siddiqui, challenging the figures and claims made in the Report Card-2012.The 'chargesheet' alleged increasing incidents of gang-rape, eve-teasing, kidnapping and rise in crime. It presented a crime chart of 2012 claiming 1,21,981 total cognisable offences, 2785 murders, 3,818 kidnappings, 754 rapes and 8,465 incidents of riots took place till September. However, no source has been quoted in support of these figures. It claimed that the National Crime Record Bureau has reported that Bihar accounts for 10% of the crimes committed in the country while the state stands last as far as conviction of criminals is concerned.The 'chargesheet' also accused the state government of promoting and opening liquor sale outlets, \"similarly as the Czar had launched Vodka promotion policy and opened outlets in villages\". On Gandhi's birthday, several people of Deoria village in Muzaffarpur died by consuming hooch, the RJD leaders recalled.They asserted that the performance of the NDA government on education and healthcare infrastructure was no better as primary education had collapsed and healthcare schemes had fallen prey to corruption. They also accused the government of spending public money on publicity to boost the 'sagging' image of the ruling coalition. \"People have seen the true face of the present rulers and are angry with them for their non-performance on all fronts,\" they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396716", "title": "Winter session starts with obits", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The winter session of the Assembly got underway here on Tuesday with leaders cutting across party lines paying glowing tributes to the Odisha's former governor B Satyanarayana Reddy, six former legislators, including two ex-ministers and seven martyrs. As soon as the members assembled, Speaker Pradip Amat went ahead with the customary obituary references. No other business was transacted during the day.\"There will be no more business in the House today as a mark of respect to the former governor and others. The House is adjourned till Friday,\" the Speaker told the leaders of different parties participating in the obituary discussion.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik mourned the death of Reddy and others. A freedom fighter and Socialist leader, Reddy was governor of Odisha from June 1, 1993 to June 17, 1995. Prior to that, he was Governor of Uttar Pradesh between 1990 and 1993. He died on November 6.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh (Cong), BJP's Karendra Majhi and CPI's Adhikanda Sethi spoke during the obituary references for Reddy, former ministers Bhagirathi Gamang, Harihar Swain, ex-MLAs Sarangadhar Pradhan, Manas Ranjan Mallick, Jagamohan Nayak and Kuliean Bage, R N Mahakud (ex-ASI, CRPF), Lambodar Sahoo (ex-Lance Naik), Basanta Kumar Behera (ex-guard), Manik Khilla (ex-gram rakhi), Jabandhu Khemudu (ex-gram rakhi), Goura Chandra Dalai (ex-gram rakhi) and Bhagaban Nayak (ex-gram rakhi). The House observed a minute's silence as a mark of respect to the departed souls.The first day of the winter session also saw a special focus on wildlife when state forest and environment minister Bijoyshree Routray faced questions on elephant deaths and poaching.About 252 elephants and 504 other wild animals died in Odisha due to different reasons in just four years between 2009 and November 2012, the minister told the house on Tuesday.Replying to a question, the minister said the state government has so far registered 476 cases against 524 persons in connection with wildlife deaths. Seven cases have been referred to the CID crime branch, the minister said.Elephant rampage in the state in the past four years has claimed at least 215 lives, Routray said. He said 431 persons were killed by elephants between 2005 and October 2012.According to minister, of the 252 pachyderm deaths, 57 died of various reasons. Poaching claimed lives of 20 pachyderms while poisoning claimed 16 elephants. Electrocutions and train mishaps claimed lives of 52 and 18 elephants, respectively. However, causes of death of 51 elephants are not known, the minister said. Only 41 elephants died of natural reasons.Similarly, the minister said 132 spotted bear, the highest till date, were also killed. Other animals which died are barking deer (89), wild boar (58), sambar (47), sloth bear (43), black buck and hyena (26 each). This list of deaths also includes three tigers and seven leopards during this period.When asked what measures his department is taking to check the deaths, Routray said vacant posts of foreign rangers and guards would be filled up for effective work. The winter session is slated to have 21 sittings and continue till December 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396880", "title": "Teachers rally for equal pay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hundreds of schoolteachers rallied in front of the assembly on Tuesday demanding equal work for equal pay and abolition of block grant system. They threatened to intensify their movement if the state government does not fulfill their demands within a month.\"Education is given least priority by the state government and teachers are worst paid. The government is following the block grant system that deprives teachers of all kinds of facilities such as increment, promotion, special allowances, pension and other retirement benefits. The government must abolish the block grant and implement grant-in-aid instead,\" said Abani Baral, convener of the Joint Council of Action of Teachers, under whose banner teachers from over 18 different categories have united.Teachers are also very upset with the huge difference in salaries between school and college teachers. \"There should be equal pay for equal work. Two persons with similar qualifications are getting different remunerations for the same work. This has forced teachers to do other works during school hour,\" said another agitating teacher.The agitators are also against contractual appointments of teachers in the place of retired teachers and the state government abolishing 1.5 lakh teachers' posts out of three lakh. \"The government should stop contractual appointment immediately,\" Baral added.Over 26,000 teachers and employees of nearly 2,200 high schools across the state are on indefinite strike from November 15 demanding abolition of block grant system and implementing grant-in-aid at par with the fully-aided high schools. The state government to solve the strike revised the block grant for 1,686 high schools with performance-based incentive last week.\"Let there be a condition that teachers and employees working at both fully aided and block grant high schools should be treated at par when it comes to pay,\" said Prasant Kumar Mohapatra, president of Block Grant Secondary School Teacher and Employees Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394250", "title": "Students, parents oppose imposition of Telugu in educational institutions", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens across the state are up in arms against a government move to make Telugu compulsory in all schools and colleges, saying it would affect grades and would be difficult for students of higher classes to switch over to the new language.In Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam, worried students from CBSE, ICSE and IB boards complained that imposing such a rule would only burden them with more academic pressure. \"I am currently studying French as my third language and to suddenly shift to Telugu would be very difficult for me,\" said U Rachel Meghna, a class VIII student of St Andrews High School, Bowenpally. \"Telugu is completely unfamiliar to me. I am afraid of losing my A1 grade if Telugu is made compulsory,\" she added. Parents in other cities too expressed their disagreement with the move, saying students, especially those from other states, should be given an option. Madhuri Singh, a mother of two kids who study in a CBSE school in Vizag said: \"The choice should be left to us. For a person from North India, learning Telugu would be an additional burden. The academic pressure is already high with other subjects and now learning a new language would be very tough.\"Currently students in schools and colleges have the liberty to choose one of several languages -- Hindi, Sanskrit, Telugu, Arabic, French or German -- as their second language.\"I have been in Hyderabad for seven years, but I find Telugu pretty difficult to learn. I still can't speak it fluently, let alone reading or writing,\" said Shreyans Dungarwal, a North Indian and a final year student at St Mary's College, Yousufguda. \"Almost 40% of the students in my college are from other states. It is just not the right thing to do,\" he said.Making Telugu compulsory would leave no scope for students to pick up any foreign language, lament teachers. \"The government cannot enforce a rule like this which compels students to learn the state language. The second language status is all about options,\" said Nagaraja Sarma, a French lecturer at St Francis College for Women here.Although educationists welcomed the idea of making students learn their state language, they openly criticised the method of implementing it. \"It should be introduced in lower classes. But imposing it on college students who have not studied the language at school level is not right,\" said Fr Emmanuel, principal of Loyola Degree College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396408", "title": "High court slaps notice on BSF for not paying relief to soldier", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday issued show-cause notice to the director-general of Border Security Force (BSF) as to why contempt proceedings shouldn't be initiated against him for non-compliance of court orders passed on November 22, 2011.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen posted BSF's writ appeal challenging the single bench order on December 5 for further consideration.The single bench had ordered the Union home ministry and the BSF to pay in six weeks Rs 7.5-lakh ex gratia to M Munirajappa, former constable of BSF.Munirajappa's wife was killed in a crossfire when militants attacked Jammu and Kashmir's Bandipore forward post area on the night of July 12/13, 1999. Munirajappa and his sons were injured in the attack; he lost some of his mobility and later retired.\"What is the defence budget, you know? It may be more than 1 lakh crore rupees. Somebody loses his life and you still don't pay compensation?\" the bench queried.However, counsel for the Union Government told the court that as per rules, compensation could have been paid only in case of a woman being kidnapped and killed.Munirajappa, who joined the BSF in 1985, was posted to Jammu and Kashmir in February 1994. He had a stint in Punjab too. He had applied for 'married accommodation' and was staying with his wife and children of one year and two-and-a-half years.Munirajappa, who couldn't continue in service for long as more accidents cut short his career, sought for a direction to the authorities to give him compensation for his wife's death in the crossfire.He moved the high court twice after his seniors rejected his claim on both occasions, once in 2001 and the other in 2008.The single bench, while stating that rules and the authorities' stand was 'inhuman and irrational', had stipulated that any delay in payment of Rs 7.5-lakh ex gratia would attract 10% interest on the amount from the date of claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17396507", "title": "Drop neutron bomb on AfPak border: Former British defence minister", "text": "LONDON: A former British Labour defence minister has suggested that a neutron bomb be dropped on the Pak-Afghan border to create an impassible barrier between the countries.\"Your Lordships... nobody lives in the mountains on the border... except for a few goats and a handful of people herding them,\" former British Labour defence minister John Gilber has told the House of Lords .\"If you told them that some ERRB ( Enhanced Radiation Reduced Blast) warheads were going to be dropped and it would be a very unpleasant place, they would not go there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397046", "title": "High court asks govt to explain disabled policy", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand high court on Tuesday asked the state government to decide if it wants to give extra time to the candidates under 'physically challenged' category at the examinations conducted by various agencies of the state government. The notice was issued in connection with a case filed by secretary of Jharkhand Vikalang Manch, Arun Kumar Singh against the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) directing the latter to give extra time to the physically challenged candidates who want to appear for the teachers eligibility test.The writ petition was filed on August 23 this year and the exam was held on August 29. Since the case could not come up for hearing before the examination it was considered infructuous. Counsel for the petitioner, Anup Kumar later requested the court to decide on the petition seeking its directive on whether the government should allow extra time to the candidates in future. Hearing the case division bench of chief justice Prakash Tantia and justice Jaya Roy asked the government to clarify its stand over the issue. \"Government has been directed by the court to furnish details of the policy and clarify if additional time could be given to the physically challenged candidates by second week of January,\" Kumar said.He said the government not allowing extra time to such candidates appearing in the examination is violation of basic spirit of persons with disabilities and equal opportunities act. \"The act says that persons with disability should be given equal opportunity whereas by denying extra time to them it is like forcing them to accept unequal treatment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395750", "title": "Nurse held for taking Rs 2,000 bribe", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance and anti-corruption sleuths on Tuesday arrested a nurse of a primary health centre at Pozhichalur for taking bribe of 2,000 from a man whose wife was admitted to the health centre for delivery.Sources said the couple, John Stephen and Arokia Mary of Pallavaram, had applied for a government grant of 12,000 towards the delivery of their child. The nurse, Rajalakshmi, reportedly went to their house and asked for 2,000 to expedite the process of receiving the grant. Stephen approached the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) and officials set a trap for the nurse.The officials gave Stephen a bundle of currency notes laced with chemicals. On Tuesday, Stephen met the nurse to hand over the money. The DVAC officials caught her red-handed. A case has been registered against her and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17395292", "title": "Rajasthan decides to grin and sloth bear it", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396291", "title": "Checking drive held at Allahabad Junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Railway Protection Force and Government Railway Police conducted a joint checking drive at the Allahabad junction on Tuesday. The drive is part of security check in the run-up to Mahakumbh. Various trains were also checked during the drive.RPF and GRP personnel checked all the platforms apart from the the entry and exit points of the Allahabad railway junction on Civil Lines and City side. The security personnel also checked the passengers in the circulating area, UTS and PRS counters, cloak room and other parts of the junction. GRP inspector Tripurari Pandey said that checking drive was undertaken in Mahanagri Express, Brahmaputra Mail, Sangam Express, Prayag Raj Express and other trains. The two-wheelers and four wheelers parked at the vehicle stand were also checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394357", "title": "Judge recuses in case against scribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice N Ramamohan Rao of the high court on Tuesday recused himself from hearing a contempt case against Vemuri Radhakrishna, MD of ABN news channel. The case against the channel was filed by Ambati Rambabu, the official spokesperson of the YSR Congress, for violating court orders restraining it from airing any negative news against the petitioner.When the case came up for hearing on Tuesday, the judge noticed that a lawyer, M Krishna Rao, who was his junior earlier and was notified in the registry as one of the 'Not Before Me' lawyers, was appearing for Radha Krishna.The judge saw in this a design (in hiring a lawyer who should not appear before him) to take away the case from his court and expressed anguish at the way the system of 'Not Before' is being misused. He observed that had the alleged contemnors sought the shifting of the case from him, he would have readily done that. He expressed his dissatisfaction at his junior also for agreeing to take up this case.Justice Ramamohan Rao then referred the case to acting Chief Justice for posting the case to a different judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394939", "title": "Many consumers in Pune yet to submit know-your-customer forms", "text": "PUNE: Many consumers who have multiple domestic LPG connections at the same address are yet to fill the know-your-customer (KYC) forms and submit it to the gas agency. November 30 is the deadline, representatives of gas agencies said on Tuesday.According to the instructions issued by the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, customers holding multiple gas connections are expected to submit the KYC form with proof of identity and proof of address. The list of such customers has already been published on the websites of respective oil marketing companies and also at the offices of distributors. Customers whose names do not appear in the list (which includes customers with one connection) are not expected to fill the form immediately.Sources in the oil marketing companies said that of the total targeted customers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, only about 50% have submitted the forms so far with three days left for expiry of deadline. Sources said that as of now there were no specific instructions regarding extension of deadline. The remaining customers should submit the form by November 30.\"As per instructions from the government, the connection would automatically be blocked if a customer fails to submit the KYC form before expiry of the November 30 deadline. The details of every customer are already available with the oil companies. Hence, it will not be difficult to identify those customers who fail to submit the forms. The unblocking of a customer's account would only happen as per the government's instructions,\" said sources in the oil marketing companies.The state president of the Maharashtra LPG Distributors Association, Usha Poonawalla, said, \"The deadline was extended four times. Now, it is the responsibility of the customers to submit the KYC forms. The gas agencies in the city have already displayed a list of identified customers. Some agencies have even contacted customers individually.\"The KYC forms are available with all distributors free of cost. It is also available in a downloadable format at the respective websites of oil companies, which can be accessed by the customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17396889", "title": "Three Sabyasachi followers surrender", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Three more Maoists of Sabyasachi Panda's camp surrendered before SP (Ganjam) Ashish Singh at Chhatrapur in Ganjam district on Tuesday. They were identified as Laxman Raita alias Patu of Gajapati's Tudukapanka village, Mamita Gamang alias Manjula and Ester Raita alias Mamata of Ganjam's Patasala village.Police said Laxman (25), area committee member of Ghumusara division of the CPI (Maoist), was involved in the kidnapping of two Italians in March and shifting of weapons looted from the Nayagarh police armoury in 2008 to the forest areas.Similarly, 18-year-old Mamita was involved in the mobile tower blast at Goudagotha in Ganjam district and served as a sentry during the exchange of fire between security forces and Maoists at Kerubadi in Kandhamal district. Her associate, Ester (17), was engaged as a cook, police added.Six supporters of Panda have so far laid down arms since the Bhaliagada encounter in Gajapati district on November 14. Five ultras were killed in the combing operation by security forces while police have arrested three others.Sumitra Mallick of Badagada and Samsan Mallick along with his associate Arun Sonamajhi of Brahmanigaon in Kandhamal district had surrendered on November 16 and 24 respectively.Disillusioned with Maoist ideology, the cadres are leaving the Maoist camps to join the mainstream, the SP said, adding that the surrendered rebels had also complained about sexual exploitation of female cadres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395408", "title": "AC lounge facilities for Volvo buses from January", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways will start the airconditioned lounge facility for its Volvo buses by January next year. The facility is going to come up in Sector 29 where the department plans to build a new bus stand.Moreover, half of the buses under the city bus service will be operated from the new bus stand, while the remaining will operate from Rajiv Chowk where the Roadways has got land to build another bus stand.General manager Yashender Singh said, \"These new arrangements are being made keeping in mind the growth of the city. Sector 29 in New Gurgaon is suited for the bus stand as it is well connected to the city. It will be easier for Volvo passengers to reach this place rather than coming to the congested old Gurgaon to catch a bus.\"It is not just congestion, but the present location lacks even basic facilities.The state-of-the-art air conditioned waiting lounge will match the recent upgradation of bus services done by the department. The waiting lounge will have good seating arrangements with water coolers and LCD TV.Singh said that there were 16 Volvo buses in the Gurgaon fleet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394031", "title": "Annual law quiz organised at Vivekanand library", "text": "BHOPAL: The annual constitutional law quiz 'Wiki Consti' was held at Swami Vivekanand Library recently. Many students from different schools took part in the quiz. Various rounds were held like 'identify the missing link,' 'jumbled timeline,' and others. The winners were Kuhuk Jain (St Joseph's Convent school) and Kanishka Gupta (DPS), Anushka Sachdev (Carmel Convent) and Deeksha Malik, Vinti Agrawal (St Joseph's Convent School) and Shivam Chhalotu.National spell bee: Students of Bhopal performed exceptionally well and won laurels for the city at the state-level grand finale for the Wiz national spell bee 2012 held at Indore recently. There were many winners from schools like Delhi Public School , Carmel Convent BHEL, Campion School, St Thomas, St Joseph's Co-ed, and Maharishi Vidya Mandir among others.SVM: A teacher's orientation workshop on motivation during classroom teaching was organised at Sharda Vidya Mandir on Monday. The resource person was Dr G Balasubramaniam, former director (academics) Central Board of Secondary Education.Hassomal Lakhani Public School: The annual function of Navnidh Hassomal Lakahni Public School was held on November 24 at Sant Hirdaram Girls College auditorium. While the guest of honour was P R Tiwari, joint director, Bhopal division, school education department, Jitendra Daga, MLA Huzur presided over the function. Students put up colourful cultural programmes and regaled the audiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "17395154", "title": "42 complaints went unheard, says widow", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: Even as the UP police stuck to their claims that Abul Hakim was murdered due to an old enmity and it was not a case of honour killing, the victim's nine-month pregnant widow, Mehwish, challenged the police theory on Tuesday. She said as many as 42 complaints were lodged with the Bulandshahr police, saying the couple's life was in danger, but in vain.Abdul Hakim , 28, and his 26-year-old wife Mehwish had been living under an NGO's protection in Delhi since May 2011. Some 15 days ago, Hakim and his wife went to meet his ailing mother near Adoli village in Bulandshahr district.Inspector general (crime) Sandeep Salunke said, \"There is no doubt that the murder was a result of enmity.\" He quoted reports from the Bulandshahr police. Bulandshahr cops arrested Sarwar, named the conspirator in the murder, on Tuesday morning. Police had earlier arrested another accused but they are yet to nab the three assailants named in the murder case.Though he remained tight-lipped on the 42 complaints that Mahwish claimed to have made since their marriage in November 2010, Salunke categorically said no complaint, either verbal or written, was filed by them since April 2012.He admitted that Hakim had informed the in charge of the police outpost Bhund under Kotwali Dehat on November 22 that he was being threatened and had identified one Salman (son of Iqbal) as the accused. The IG claimed the police searched for Salman but couldn't find him. He, however, failed to explain how Salman remained elusive for the police but managed to intercept Hakim shortly thereafter, and shot him dead in full public view near the latter's house.The scene of crime in Adoli village of Bulandshahr district is situated barely a kilometre from Salman's house, which the police claim to have visited earlier in the day after Hakim informed police outpost in charge about the threat. The IG also came up with a fresh revelation that after meeting the police outpost in-charge, Hakim went to Salman's house and manhandled his mother in retaliation for which Salman shot him dead. Hakim was shot dead on November 22, but for the next four days, the police remained ignorant about the fact that he assaulted Salman's mother.While the Centre sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh government on the Bulandshahr honour killing, the UP police maintained it was the fallout of an old feud. Three people people have been arrested. BSP chief Mayawati accused the Akhilesh Yadav-led government of mishandling the case of suspected honour killing of 28-year-old Abdul Hakim.Chairperson of National Women's Commission Mamta Sharma expressed concern over the announcements being made by the panchayat through the public address system at the mosque, and the brazenness with which police have denied the element of honour killing in the incident. \"The entire village has heard these announcements and still police claim there was no honour killing,\" Sharma said in a TV interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394611", "title": "Non-salary grants won't mean much for schools", "text": "NAGPUR: While government-aided schools are looking forward to resumption of non-salary grants by the state government from next academic session, they are aware that it won't be enough. These grants had been put on hold over a decade ago as government faced a funds crunch. With the money once again coming to school coffers, they have a chance of constructing and maintaining basic amenities within their campus.S Prabhuraman, principal of Saraswati High School, said, \"the money will certainly help but we need more if top grade infrastructure and facilities are to be provided. The amount we are spending on maintaining the infrastructure is huge and since we do not charge fee from students, the costs are burgeoning.\"The state has decided to give 5% of the total salary payment for each school as non-salary grant. However this 5% will be calculated on the older fifth pay commission salary levels effectively lowering the payouts. The state will give Rs275 crore to around 23,000 schools in the state, giving every school an average of about Rs1.2 lakh. While the figures for each school would vary, the amount will fail to meet the requirements.\"We can spend 70% of that grant on science laboratory equipment, chemicals and library books. The remaining 30% is allocated for administration related activities like paying utility bills, annual maintenance contracts, DA/TA etc,\" said Prabhuraman.Private schools, particularly CBSE, are considered the 'brands' that everyone looks up to. Apart from the board they are affiliated to, the only marked difference is infrastructure. Many schools in the city feel the non-salary grant is so less that they cannot compete with private schools in terms of infrastructure. A school principal said her infrastructure maintenance bill alone touches Rs 1 lakh figure annually. \"Add to this the electricity bill, painting of school, repair and replacement of furniture etc and we are looking at more than Rs5-6 lakh annually. A simple plastering job ends up with a huge contractor's bill and our hands are tied regarding expenses,\" she said, not wanting to be named.The principal said that a nominal annual charge for such expenses is collected from students. \"Every school differs in the amount but it is usually around Rs400 per head per year,\" she added. With the number of students in most aided schools around 2,000 mark, this contingency fund can get substantial. \"That money helps schools in meeting most of the maintenance costs but is not enough for upgradation. Hence you will find that private CBSE schools keep ramping up their infrastructure that attracts parents to their schools, while we have to manage with bare-bone facilities,\" another principal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394824", "title": "Thieves decamp with booty worth Rs 1.7 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Unidentified thieves struck at Welcome Society in Dabha area on Monday night and decamped with valuables and cash worth around 1.76 lakh.Police said thieves struck at the house of Swanand Dhawad (32) when he and his family members had gone to sister's house at Priyadarshani Colony. Taking advantage of situation, thieves sneaked in by breaking open the front door and decamped with gold ornaments, cash 60,000 and two mobile phones, Dhawad said in his complaint to Gittikhadan police.Goons externedCity police on Tuesday externed two goons Tarachand Khillare and Sanjay Soni from Nagpur city and district. Khillare and Soni had committed many serious crimes including murders, stabbing, and offences against them were lodged at many police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396157", "title": "17% women sexually harassed at workplace", "text": "BANGALORE: Sexual harassment at the work place is rampant but no one talks about it -- 17% of working women in major cities have admitted to it. However, most of these women said the harassment wasn't physical.These findings are part of the survey, 'Sexual Harassment at Workplaces in India 2011-2012', done by Oxfam India during a workshop at the India Islamic Cultural Centre. The report was released on Tuesday.It revealed high incidence of sexual harassment in both organized and unorganized sectors. The research was jointly conducted by Oxfam India and the Social and Rural Research Institute, a wing of IMRB International in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Durgapur and covered 400 working women.\"Most women faced incidents that were non-physical. 66 of the 400 respondents faced a cumulative of 121 incidents of sexual harassment. About 102 of the 121 incidents were reported to be non-physical, whereas the remaining 19 incidents were physical,\" the report said.It added: \"While 87% of the general population and 93% of working women respondents reported awareness of sexual harassment of women at workplace, a majority of the victims didn't resort to any formal action against the perpetrators. The top three industries unsafe for women are labourers (29%), domestic help (23%) and small-scale manufacturing (16%).\"Nisha Agrawal, CEO, Oxfam India, said, \"Violence against women is a human rights violation - be it domestic violence within homes or sexual harassment at workplace. Oxfam India strongly believes in the right of every woman to a violence-free workplace. Each one of us has to take a stand and say 'No to Violence against Women.\"A majority of respondents (both general population and working women) perceived women working in the unorganized sectors to be more susceptible to sexual harassment due to lack of awareness of legislation. Also, 26% of working women reported to be the sole earning members of their families, indicating that economic vulnerability renders them further vulnerable to harassment.ExpertspeakThere isn't a single woman who hasn't faced sexual harassment at some point of time, maybe in the office or on her way to work. They're forced to keep quiet because if they make a noise about it they face more harassment. People in position misuse their power to harass women; it may not always be physical but also verbal or just vulgar gestures. Sexual harassment is more prevalent in unorganized sectors; if women there complain, they tend to lose their jobs. It's the employers' responsibility to protect the rights of women employees and develop intolerance against sexual harassment.Donna Fernandes | founder, VimochanaFiled by: hetal/ Cleared by: s prasad/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396585", "title": "Congress begins process to shortlist poll candidates", "text": "MYSORE: With some six months to go for the end of term of the assembly, KPCC on Tuesday set in motion the process to shortlist candidates for the polls in 2013.In the first installment, the contenders for the constituencies in Mysore district were called by KPCC observers K J George, K Abhaychandra Jain and Gurappa Naidu. While there is no competition for seats like Varuna represented by opposition leader Siddaramaiah, some constituencies like Nanjangud and T Narsipur -- both presented held by the Congress -- have contenders other than sitting MLAs, who argued that they should be given ticket to contest the polls. There is also competition for Krishnarajanagar segment with Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath and followers of former MLA Manchanahalli Mahadev seeking ticket for their supporters. Mysore Rural District Congress Committee spokesperson G V Seetharam said supporters of various leaders approached the observers seeking tickets.Meanwhile, KPCC's Other Backward Classes Cell has organized OBC convention here on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17395742", "title": "Maoist posters in CPM leader's house", "text": "JHARGRAM: CPM leader Prashanta Das, arrested on Thursday from Jhargram on charges of beating up Trinamool Congress members, was produced at the ACJM's court on Tuesday. His police custody was extended till Friday.Das is the secretary of CPM's Aguibani local committee.Late on Monday, police conducted a raid on his house and reportedly seized Maoist posters and literature, a pipe gun, cartridges and letters.Jhargram SP Bharati Ghosh said, \"During the raid, we recovered contraband goods. The Maoist posters have confirmed that he has links with them.\"While the CPM district secretary refused to comment, Trinamool district working president Pradyut Ghosh said, \"Das' arrest proves that CPM has links with the Maoists.\"Last Wednesday, Trinamool supporters were reportedly beaten up by CPM men.The police custody of Prashanta Das, secretary of Aguibani local committee of CPM has been extended till Friday by the ACJM court. Das was arrested on Thursday from his home in Aursha Bandhi of Jhargram on charges of beating up members of Trinamool Congress He was initially taken into four days police custody. On Monday late evening police took Das to his home and conducted a raid.Police alleged that Maoist posters, Mao-literature, bill books, two rounds of cartridges, one pipe gun and several letters were recovered during the raids. On Tuesday Das was produced at Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate's court and his police custody has been extended till Friday.SP Jhargram Bharati Ghosh said, \"During the raids we have recovered contraband goods from his home. The Maoist posters have confirmed that he has links with them. We are investigating the matter further and interrogating Das.\"District secretary of CPM Dipak Sarkar has refused to comment on the arrest. TMC district working president Pradyut Ghosh said, \"the arrest of Das proves that CPM have links with the Maoists.\" He also alleged that the CPM party workers were involved in supplying arms to the Maoists. On last Wednesday at Chandri when the CPM had taken out a procession in the locality, they allegedly destroyed the houses of local TMC members and had also beaten them. Three TMC supporters were taken to the local hospital after being injured in the clash. A TMC local leader later lodged a complaint at Jhargram police station. Das was arrested along with ABTA state committee member Alok Kar and seven others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394111", "title": "'Be attentive to power lines near forest'", "text": "BHOPAL: Close on the heels of an incident of electrocution of tigress by a high-tension line in the buffer zone of Bandhavgarh national park, the government issued directives to pay special attention to maintenance of electricity lines passing near forests in view of wildlife's safety.The information was given at a meeting of State Wildlife Board chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Tuesday. The meeting also said notifications for buffer zones of all six tiger reserves in Madhya Pradesh have been issuedChouhan said that a balanced approach should be adopted for wildlife conservation and development of forest villages. He said efforts should be made for proper redressal of problems of residents of forest villages.At the meeting, efforts for wildlife management and conservation in tiger reserves could be made more effectively through integrated administrative control over core and buffer areas in the state. It was said a scheme has been chalked out for resettlement of villages in reserve forest areas of the state. Under the scheme, 192 out of 730 villages situated in reserve areas will be kept intact as enclaves while 426 villages will be shifted outside peripheries of reserved areas.As many as 112 villages will be resettled as it is. Of these, three villages have already been resettled. Of the remaining 109 villages, 85 villages are in tiger reserves and 24 villages in national parks and sanctuaries. Compensation of Rs 10 lakh per family is proposed to be given to each unit by assuming that each family comprises three units. For this, funds will be made available for villages in tiger reserves by National Tiger Conservation Authority while the state government will provide funds for resettlement of villages in National Parks and sanctuaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17394206", "title": "US, rich nations seek to junk unresolved issues at Doha climate talks", "text": "DOHA: The US and other developed nations took on the developing world here on the second day of the Doha round of climate talks. They demanded that all the unresolved issues be junked for good in Qatar and the world must carry on with finalizing a new global treaty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a compact that Washington hopes will finally break the firewall between the rich and the developing countries.Other developed countries too backed the US, arguing unresolved issues should not hold up talks.India, however, demanded that outstanding concerns be discussed and a conclusion reached here instead of simply abandoning them.The 194 countries, who are members of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC), had in 2009 begun negotiations on what is called the Bali Action Plan. The plan was to increase the emission reduction efforts from the rich and the developing countries and simultaneously create ways for transfer of funds and technologies from the rich to the poor parts of the world.This track of negotiations led to the Copenhagen Accord and the Cancun Agreements, where countries presented their pledges for emission reduction and also agreed to international scrutiny. A commitment to transfer $100 billion annually starting 2020 was agreed upon, though the methodology still remains unresolved. Similarly several other concerns of the developing world remained unresolved like how equity would be deployed in distributing the burden of emission reductions, transfer of technologies, intellectual property rights and unilateral trade measures.Last December, in Durban it was decided that all the issues on this track would be resolved \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reaching an 'agreed outcome' in diplomatic jargon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and then the world would need to negotiate only on one track to reach a global compact for a post-2020 climate regime.But the Umbrella group of countries, which includes the US, Canada and Australia besides others, demanded that unresolved issues should be consigned to oblivion summarily and only those elements over which consensus existed be taken on board, much to the vociferous opposition of the developing world.A developing world negotiator told TOI, \"First, the developed countries blocked any resolution of issues that are close to our interests, and now they say junk them because they are unresolved.\"The Pakistani delegate Farrukh Khan also warned that while $100 billion had been promised to be delivered by the rich countries by 2020, no one knew where and how the funds would materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396532", "title": "Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences: HC seeks explanation for delay", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS)'s project director to file an affidavit, explaining the inordinate delay in construction of the hospital buildings at Phulwarisharif, giving details of the cost escalation due to the delay and fixing a time frame for the hospital to become fully functional.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi passed the order while hearing a PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare against the failure of the central government to make the hospital functional even as the project started seven years ago.Petitioner's counsel Brajesh Kumar submitted no tangible progress had been made despite the fact that the high court had been monitoring the progress of the project for the last seven years in response to the PIL. On the other hand, he added, newly constructed AIIMS at Jajjar in Jodhpur district has opened its Out Patient Department (OPD) which was inaugurated by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Monday.Referring to news reports in this regard, Kumar said the Jodhpur AIIMS had come up on 300 acres of land and there was a demand for more land for extension of its campus whereas the JPNAIIMS was being constructed on 100 acres of land. The Union health minister has even announced opening of a national cancer hospital at Jodhpur AIIMS, counsel Kumar said.On this, the court directed the JPNAIIMS's project director to state whether any requisition of more land for JPNAIIMS had been sent to the state government. It also asked whether there was any move to open a cancer institute in JPNAIIMS.The court directed the managing director of the firm which is constructing the JPNAIIMS buildings to appear before it on December 5 \"if he does not feel insulted (in appearing before the court)\" and state when the construction work would be completed. The court also directed the JPNAIIMS's project director to give details of the sanctioned posts of doctors and paramedical staff for the JPNAIIMS and the number of appointments made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17395211", "title": "Margao municipal council hikes service fees", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council (MMC) has hiked fees of its various public-oriented services. The revised fees are expected to generate an additional 36,000 per day for the cash-strapped civic body.The decision to this effect was taken at the ordinary meeting of the council held on October 12 and the revised fees have come into effect from November.Fees of at least 10 services have been revised by the MMC. Income tax certificates, which were hitherto not being charged by the MMC, will now attract a fee of 20 per certificate. Sources said that as the MMC, on an average, issues 60 applications per day, this will generate revenue of 1,200 per day alone.The fees of transfer of house tax has been hiked from the earlier 250 to 1,000. MMC sources said that the civic body issues, on an average, at least six such certificates per day, and thus the revised fees will see an increase in revenue of 4,500 per day.The MMC has also hiked the fees charged by it for increasing NOCs for water and electricity connections to 500 per household/flat/establishment etc including renewal fees. Earlier, the fees were 250 for an NOC for water connection and 200 for electricity connection.The public will now have to pay 50 as administrative charges and processing fees for effecting corrections in names/surnames etc. in birth and death certificates/reports, etc --services which were earlier provided free of cost. Considering that the MMC receives 50-60 applications for such requests, the delivery of which will make the civic body richer by at least 3,000 per day. Besides, 100 will be charged for issuing \"correction order\" and 50 for issuing \"non-availability certificates\". Non-availability certificates are issued to applicants whenever a certain document sought by him cannot be traced by the municipality. The MMC issues 3 to 5 such certificates per day, it is learnt.The fees for renewal of licences for gaddas and handcarts have been hiked from the earlier 250 to 1,000 now. This alone is expected to generate an additional income of at least 3.8 lakh per year for the MMC, sources said.\"The fees for various services had not been revised for many years. Besides, there were certain services which were not being tapped for revenue generation. The hike in fees is reasonable and we expect people to co-operate with the municipality,\" MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395657", "title": "High court to hear on Japanese Encephalitis deaths on December 10", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has sought details of deaths occurred in eastern Uttar Pradesh due to Japanese Encephalitis .The matter will come up for hearing on December 10 .The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit in a PIL.The PIL had expressed grief over alleged apathy of the state government over delay in purchase of paediatric ventilators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396343", "title": "Decision on Visvesvaraya Technological University's vice-chancellor likely in 10 days, high court told", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday said proceedings initiated over the qualification of H Maheshappa, vice-chancellor of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU), should have concluded before any important decision is taken by the university under him.The issue of Maheshappa's qualification was raised when a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen took up a writ appeal, filed by HN Jagannatha Reddy and Prasad Raya Patty. They have challenged a single bench's dismissal of their petition. Reddy and Patty had been sacked from the VTU executive council, prompting them to move the court.The duo contended that the vice-chancellor's decision was based on his false report that there was a ruckus at the VTU executive council meeting in September.In its January 13 order, the chief justice-headed bench had given liberty to governor HR Bhardwaj, the chancellor of state universities, to take a fresh decision on whether Maheshappa had obtained 'first class' or 'second class' in his BE course. The PIL said he claimed to have obtained first class, though in reality he got second.Former advocate-general Udaya Holla, who represented the chancellor, told the court that a commission set up to look into the issue is yet to give its report. He promised to ask the authorities to take a decision in about 10 days.Thereafter, the bench directed the VTU re-appoint former registrar (evaluation) GN Krishnamurthy on ad hoc basis and to continue with in-charge registrar (administration) SA Kori until further orders.VTU counsel told the court that the executive council meeting on November 29 will be postponed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17396697", "title": "Prisoners clash with warders at Trichy prison", "text": "TRICHY: Three grade II warders at the Trichy prison got themselves admitted at the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital complaining of assault by a number of prisoners. Around the same time in the morning, about 15 prisoners were beaten up black and blue by a team of warders, which was on a routine check to look for smuggled items, chiefly mobile phones. The injured prisoners were treated within the jail premises.Jail superintendent, Sunderraj was unavailable for comment. A warder on duty told TOI that the three warders - Illayaraja, Kamal and Mani - were not assaulted by any prisoner, but the latter pelted stones at them as they suspected that they were going to look for a particular mobile phone that was allegedly in possession of one of the prisoners. The warder feigned ignorance when asked where they got the stones to throw at the visiting warders from.There are about 2,300 inmates in the prison including undertrials and convicted prisoners, of which about 700 are serving life sentences. In October last year, there was a scuffle between the warders and prisoners over the poor quality of food served. In June last year, a nun who had gone to take classes for the prisoners was attacked by a life convict called Rajesh Khanna . Forbidden items such as mobile phones, pornographic CDs, cigarettes and other tobacco products were time and again unearthed from the cells. A source said that additional director-general of police (prisons) J K Tripathy had served a warning to all the central prisons to clear the cells of forbidden items.When warders visited the cells for checking, the prisoners objected because without the latter's knowledge none of the items could be smuggled in. There are allegations that a section of warders are hand-in-glove with the influential prisoners and charge them for every 'service' including selling them mobile phones and cigarettes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395227", "title": "Woman, baby 'murdered'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young woman and her one-and-a-half-year-old son were found dead under mysterious circumstances inside their rented accommodation in Narela which was locked from outside on Tuesday. Nisha (21) hailed from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh .The bodies, police said, were decomposed and police are trying to trace her husband, Santosh, who has been missing for five days. They suspect the two were strangled or poisoned but are waiting for the post-mortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394191", "title": "Theatre to take 'Centrestage' at NCPA this December", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who complain there are nothing but reruns on the city stage should trek to the NCPA in December, where 16 new plays in five languages will premiere at their annual theatre festival, Centrestage. Troupes from Pune, Delhi, Bangalore, the US, UK and Australia are slated to put on a show at the festival's third edition.Centrestage (December 6-16) will be bookended by top cats, Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah - the former launching the festival with Teri Amrita, the Punjabi version of A R Gurney's Love Letters, and the latter closing with his solo turn at Samuel Beckett's novella, First Love.Among the visiting works are Kettakatha, a self-reflexive Marathi play from Pune that contemplates the act of playwriting; Gentlemen, Bangalore's Globe Productions' uproarious male comeback to The Vagina Monologues; and LOL (Lots of Love), an interpretation of human connections in the online world by Protein Dance, winner of Britain's Best Independent Company in the National Dance Awards 2011.The natives include Ramu Ramanathan with his quirky new work The Diary of A Word; Akash Khurana with Thorton Wilder's Our Town; Rahul daCunha's 27/11, an inquiry into adulterous love and commitment set against the Mumbai terrorist attacks; Gulzar's dramatization of Pavan Varma's Yudishtar Aur Draupadi and Mahesh Dattani's view of Mumbai in The Big Fat City. Two productions to watch out for are All in the Timing, a precise piece in synchronous acting directed by Faezeh Jalali, and A Bird's Eye View, an object theatre performance by the ultra expressive Choti Ghosh.Incidentally, Centrestage will mark Om Puri's return to theatre after quarter of a century. \"I was nervous,\" admits the actor about his decision, \"It's like one who learnt to swim, but hadn't practiced in 25 years, and is now about to jump into the water.\" The strokes will no doubt come back to him for he started his career on the stage. \"I was 17 when I was spotted by the directors of the Punjab Kala Manch at a college play,\" the actor recalls. \"They invited me to join them on a monthly salary of Rs 150-it was Rs 25 more than what I'd been earning part-time as a lab assistant.\" Puri says he plans to be more committed to theatre now that he's 64 and has few suitable roles in cinema. He has also launched an eponymous theatre production company. \"I don't have enough money to produce films, but I can produce plays,\" he remarks.For the complete schedule of Centrestage plays, workshops, films screenings and outdoor performances visit NCPA's website, www.ncpamumbai.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395485", "title": "Hakim's murder case echoes in UP assembly, Opposition slams govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of Hakim murder case and the threat to the life of his widow Mahwesh and their 18-month-old daughter echoed in the UP assembly on Tuesday.Opposition parties criticised the government accusing them of mishandling the entire Mahwesh incident and demanded action against the police officials who did nothing to protect the life of Hakim. Senior minister in Akhilesh cabinet Ambika Chaudhary later told reporters that stringent action is being initiated against the accused and the guilty will not be spared. He however ducked questions on whether the case is that of an honour killing or not.Earlier, Union minister of state for home RPN Singh, talking to reporters outside Parliament, said that the ministry has sought a detailed report of the entire incident. \"This is something that the government has taken seriously. What has happened in UP is unfortunate. We are still waiting details from the UP government,\" he said. Describing the incident as \"unfortunate\" he said the government is \"very seriously trying\" to amend the Constitution to deal with the incidents of honour killings in the country.Bahujan Samaj Party president and former UP chief minister Mayawati accused the UP government of mishandling the case. \"Police should have initiated proper action to ensure that the couple was safe. There appears to be some laxity on the part of the police,\" Mayawati said. Senior Congressman Pramod Tewari talking to reporters in Lucknow described the incident as a major challenge for the Akhilesh government in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394060", "title": "3,500 foreign delegates to attend World Ayurveda Congress", "text": "BHOPAL: Students, teachers and doctors of ayurveda drawn from 30 countries will deliberate on ayurvedic medicines and acquire knowledge about ayurveda during the fifth World Ayurveda Congress at Bhopal from December 7 to 10. For this, a three-day workshop will be held during the congress.At the workshop, experts will impart practical and theoretical knowledge about finer points and methods of ayurveda. It may be mentioned that about 3,500 foreign delegates will participate in the conference.There will be 30 scientific sessions on the theme of \"Strengthening public health through ayurveda\" in which over 750 research papers will be read.Scholars will exchange views in six sessions. Over 18 workshops on various ayurveda subjects will be held at different places in Bhopal.A special workshop on quality will be held for Ayurvedic drug manufacturers and doctors on December 5 and 6. Another workshop on panchkarma, agnikarma and ksharkarma will be held at Pandit Khushilal Ayurveda College on December 6 and 7. Over 200 representatives are expected to participate in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17393938", "title": "Pune FC stun Sporting Clube 2-1 in I-League", "text": "MARGAO: A brace by Subhash Singh helped Pune FC stage a fine rally to overcome Sporting Clube de Goa 2-1 in a Round 8 game of the I-League, at the Nehru Stadium, Fatorda, on Tuesday.Sporting, who started well, took the lead in the 21st minute through Anoure Obiora Richard before Subash Singh equalized for Pune FC in the 41st minute.Subash Singh, who combined well with James Moga upfront, then uncorked a right-footer from the left that curled and looked to be sailing over 'keeper Ashok Singh's head.But Singh, on realising he had advanced a bit more than he should have, made a last-ditch effort to palm the ball over but only just managed to get his hand to the ball before it sailed into the goal.United Sikkim pay the penalty: United Sikkim FC are in dire need of wins and lady luck as well, reports Edwin D'Sa from Pune. The North-East team came away with yet another draw, 3-3, against Air India in a Round 8 clash of the I-League on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394823", "title": "Five arrested for school van driver's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Tuesday arrested five men for allegedly murdering a school van driver in Lohegaon. Manohar Bandu Nimbalkar (23) of Moze lane was found dead during the early hours of Monday.Police investigations have revealed that the suspects bludgeoned Nimbalkar to death with a big stone, due to an old rivalry.A crime branch (unit-IV) team, led by inspector Arun Walture, arrested the suspects - Umesh Gawde (21), Akash Gawli (19), Ankush Gote (21), Rohit Agarwal (21) all from Chakrapani Vasahat Road, Bhosari, and Navnath Khandve (35) of Lohegaon.\"We made the arrests acting on a tip-off,\" Walture said.Police said the suspects and Nimbalkar knew each other. They had recently quarreled over some issue. \"On Sunday night, when the suspects saw Nimbalkar in Lohegaon area, they thrashed and bludgeoned him to death,\" Walture said.The suspects were produced in court on Tuesday and remanded in police custody for 10 days. The investigating team comprised police constables Ashok Atole, Akil Shaikh, Sambhaji Wagh and Manik Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395303", "title": "Doordarshan to screen documentaries at prime time for 5 years", "text": "PANAJI: The Indian documentary film producers' association (IDPA) has signed a memorandum of understanding with the government for an half-an-hour slot to telecast documentaries on public broadcaster Doordarshan at primetime for five years. The IDPA is also working towards getting a 10-minute slot for documentaries before films are screened in cinema halls.\"Documentaries have been a stepchild in the film movement. But now, the process is complete and films to be telecast are already with Doordarshan and they will be shown from January. We are hoping that the association will continue even after five years,\" IDPA head Mike Pandey said.He said that the IDPA will get bolder now in voicing its demands to create a place for documentary filmmakers. \"We will next work towards an archive to preserve old documentaries, issue of cards for structured documentary filmmakers and a 10-minute slot before screening of films in cinema halls for documentaries on the lines of the Indian new reels,\" Pandey said.He said that the number of documentary filmmakers is increasing tremendously in India year after year with technology available at ones fingertips and that most of the films are on environmental issues.He said that the IDPA is also looking at collaborating with the national film development corporation as it is not just feature films that are films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17395994", "title": "Calicut University hikes certificate verification fees", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The decision by the Calicut University to charge Rs 1,500 for online verification of each mark list/ degree certificate issued by the varsity has hit the students and graduates hard.The timing of the varsity order to steeply hike the verification charge is suspect as the order was issued soon after it signed an MoU with a private company to outsource the online certificate verification process. The varsity used to charge only Rs 250 as verification fee earlier.Surprisingly the varsity also increased the charge of manual verification of certificates, which is being solely done by the varsity, to Rs 1,500 per certificate to be on par with the online verification charge.Students intending to pursue higher education in institutions outside the state are the most affected as they often have to attach certificate/ mark list verification reports along with their applications to multiple colleges or institutions, thereby incurring considerable charges.Student organizations are on a warpath on the issue and allege that the varsity is fleecing the students to enable the private company reap huge profits. They said that imposing an over fivefold increase in charges is unjustifiable and against the interest of students.The order issued by the Pareeksha Bhavan on October 31 states that the decision is taken in accordance with the minutes of the meeting the vice-chancellor and pro vice-chancellor had with representatives of the Chennai-based private company. The order says that the private company will be paid Rs 500 as remuneration for verification of each mark list.SFI state joint secretary K Rafeeq said that students who are seeking higher education or employment in foreign countries, including the Gulf, will have to shell out huge amounts for verification of certificates as a degree or PG course will have multiple semester-wise mark lists.\"The decision will put a huge burden on students. We will soon launch an agitation till the varsity withdraws the anti-student fee increase,\" he said.CU controller of examinations V Rajagopalan told TOI that the Pareeksha Bhavan has forwarded a suggestion to reduce the certificate verification charges for students who are going for higher education. \"It has come to our notice that students, especially those who are applying to outside universities, have to attach individual verification reports along with each application, entailing significant additional expenditure. We will look into the issue. However the fees for verification of certificate for employment purposes will remain the same,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "filmmaker peter jackson is trying to wrap up editing of forthcoming movie \"the hobbit", "code": "17398102", "title": "Director wants to cut 'The Hobbit..' before world premiere", "text": "Filmmaker Peter Jackson is trying to wrap up editing of forthcoming movie \"The Hobbit: A unexpected Journey \" before its world premiere Nov 28.Jackson, 51, finished shooting of movie in July within 266 days of its start and in his video blog he has mentioned about the entire team working very hard to meet the deadline.In a clip posted Nov 24, Jackson says: \"It's due to be completed literally two days before the premiere... hopefully...You're gonna see a lot of sleep-deprived people in this blog. Everyone's working around the clock to get the film finished.\"\"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey\" is based on J.R.R. Tolkien's classic novel and stars Martin Freeman as Bilbo Baggins.It is set to hit theatres Dec 12 and will be followed by \"The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug\" in December, 2013, and \"The Hobbit: There and Back Again\" in July 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393864", "title": "Two shooters held for firing on hotelier", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Tuesday arrested two shooters, who opened fire on hotelier B R Shetty, from Jalandhar. The total number of arrests in this case has now gone up to five.On October 3, Shetty was shot at by two bike-borne men outside Infinity Mall in Andheri.The accuseed, Dilip Upadhya (26) and Talvinder Singh (30), are being brought to Mumbai and will be produced before the special MCOCA court on Thursday. The accused told the police that the contract to kill Shetty was given to them by one Bobby who is not traceable. Bobby is a close associate of Kalia, Chhota Rajan's aide. Kalia, who was arrested earlier, has told cops that Rajan ordered to kill Shetty. Sources say the motive behind the order could be Shetty's friendship with dismissed cop Pradeep Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395629", "title": "Govt plans floatels in Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: Task force officials have decided to introduce floatels in the Sunderbans to accommodate more tourists. Since there's bar on construction in the core forest area, it was decided in a meeting at Writers' on Tuesday that floatels will serve as an perfect alternative since it will not flout environment norms and yet accommodate tourists in large numbers.Moreover, the officials discussed about giving tourists access to some new islands that are located in the core areas.There are plans to improve connectivity by repairing the Basanti Expressway that links Science City with Basanti. the The government will also deck up Diamond Harbour Road and the roads leading Sagar island, it was decided in the meeting.In an effort to hard-sell the Sunderbans and as the first step, the state government is planning to showcase the mangrove forests to the tourists in the city airport. At present, there is no mention of the tourist places, particularly the Sunderbans, in the city airport though some other states try to woo air passengers through their tourist offices.Also, setting up new tourist cottages at Dhamakhali, Godkhali and Ramganga - from where forest areas like Boney Camp, Sajnekhali, Sudhanyakhali and Jhingekhali could be reached easily - were discussed in details at Tuesday's meeting. Even the tourism island is planning to boost tourism in Bakkahali and adjoining islands.Lothian Island in Patharprtima found mention in the meeting as its dense mangrove forest has the potential to draw tourists. Even Patharpratima's Bhagabatpur, which boasts of a crocodile hatching centre, can be projected as a tourist site, an official said. The state also has plans to arrange special trips from the city for foreign tourists and for that plans are on to ferry passengers on speed boats.Tourist cars have to be ferried over Hatania-Doania rivers from Namkhana to reach Bakkhali and Frezergunj and for that the state governmetn wants to make the road connection easily accessible. Even the state has plans to run specialized motor boats from Babughat to Sagar island for ferrying passengers during the Gangasagar mela. Even the roads leading to other remote islands will be repaired and or that funds meant from backard regions grant fund will be utilised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17396516", "title": "Judge makes \u00e2\u20ac\u02dclying\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 official stand for hours", "text": "LAHORE: In an action reminiscent of that of a school teacher punishing an errant student, a Pakistani judge made a government official stand up for hours in his courtroom for telling a lie.Justice Syed Mansoor Ali Shah of the Lahore high court asked Muzaffarul Haq, a section officer of the Faisalabad district government, to stand in his courtroom for lying and for concealing facts about the appointment of a peon.Petitioner Muhammad Irfan contended that he had applied for the post of peon in the city district government and only his name had appeared on the merit list issued by authorities. However, officials ignored the merit list and appointed another person who had not even applied for the post, Irfan said.At a previous hearing, Haq had told the judge that the name of the appointed person too was on the merit list. During a hearing on Monday, the judge snubbed Haq for concealing facts.Bail plea of 26/11 suspect rejectedA Pakistani court on Tuesday rejected the bail petition filed by Jamil Ahmad, one of the seven men charged with planning, financing and executing the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008. According to a chargesheet filed by the FIA in 2009, Ahmad and another accused, Mohammad Younas Anjum, provided Rs 3.98 million to LeT member Shahid Jamil Riaz for preparing for the Mumbai attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17394582", "title": "Religious music therapy to treat drug addicts", "text": "PATIALA: The Rajindra hospital authorities have decided to give preference to music over boring lectures while treating addicts at its yet-to-be-opened drug de-addiction centre.Religious music will be played to influence addicts not to use drugs and medicines will be used as last option. The authorities have started looking for heart--touching Gurbani and Hindu music albums.Motivational lectures against drugs will get less time in comparison to earlier times as authorities say majority of addicts don't listen to these motivational lectures seriously. Authorities have also decided to bring religious personalities to this hospital to motivate addicts against drugs.\"Sacred music can do wonders and recently we have seen many addicts left drugs only after coming in touch with some religious personalities, despite taking medicines for months. We would also use medicines, but not in a huge number as we used earlier,\" said principle of government medical college (GMC), Patiala Dr K D Singh, who has been looking after this project.Doctors posted in hospital say, they have been receiving around 3-5 addicts daily and majority are in the age group of 15-40 years. But during last some years many addicts after leaving drugs, again started taking drugs when doctors asked them to stop taking prescribed medicines.The state government has sanctioned total Rs 5 crore, Rs 3.94 crore for building and Rs 1.06 crore for equipments, for the new centre. The construction of it will start next month and it the new two-storey building will come up in front of boys hostel in hospital and have 50-bed capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394163", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTake care of parents or go to jail\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday said those who do not give maintenance allowance to their parents despite being capable will now languish in jail. He said like Shravan Kumar he is ensuring pilgrimage for senior citizens whose children are not capable of doing so.Chouhan also said the top priority of the government is to ensure prosperity of poorest of the poor in society.He was addressing a condolence meeting of Sunil Nayak , former BJP MLA, at Prithvipur, Nayakhera in Tikamgarh on Tuesday. Nayak had died in a violence during the last assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396514", "title": "Kids visit shrines, learn about Guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s teachings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity schools on Tuesday celebrated Gurpurb, while apprising children of its significance.Students who came dressed in traditional attires sang hymns, gave speeches and recited poems on Guru Nanak Dev. Some of the schools took students to gurdwaras.Firstep Montessori School celebrated the festival by serving \"langar\" on its campus in Sector 7, Panchkula. It was prepared by kids with the help of their parents.AKSIPS, Mohali, Smart School organized a special assembly by pre-primary section. It began with ''shabad\" recital and \"Mool Mantar\". A speech highlighted the Guru's life and work. Students of classes I and II went to a gurdwara.Later, \"prashad\" was distributed among children.At Shivalik Public School, a powerpoint presentation highlighted the life and sacrifices of the guru.Students and teachers sang hymns and underlined the teachings of Guru Granth Sahib as Satluj Public School's Junior Wing in Sector 2, Panchkula, celebrated Gurpurb. Lawrence Senior Secondary School, Mohali, and Sri AurobindoSchool, Chandigarh, were decorated to the occasion. They told students about the teachings of the Guru as they celebrated the festival.Kids of Saupin School, Panchkula, recited poems and participated in a quiz contest.And at St Mary's School in Sector 46, Chandigarh, Palak Gupta of Class IX spoke on the life and philosophy of Guru Nanak Dev in a special morning assembly. Later, students sang devotional songs.At Shishu Niketan, Mohali, a special assembly was organized and students were briefed about the life history of Guru Nanak Dev. This was followed by \"shabad kirtan\" by students of senior classes.Nursery students of AKSIPS Smart School, Sector 41, Chandigarh, came dressed as \"Panj Pyaras\" and took the lead as they narrated the \"sakhis\" fluently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396410", "title": "Tenders for 3D planetarium soon", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has released Rs 11 crore for a 3D planetarium, touted as India's first such facility, to be come up in the city and tenders will be invited shortly.The government has already given its consent to name the planetarium as Swami Vivekananda Planetarium on completion.The planetarium will come up at the Regional Science Centre at Dr Shivaram Karanth Pilikula Nisargadhama here.Earlier, the state cabinet had given its nod for he project on July 5 when DV Sadananda Gowda was the chief minister. This project on completion will make Mangalore the first city in India to have this facility on par with cities such as Hong Kong and Macau.Former CM BS Yeddyurappa had sanctioned Rs 11 crore for the planetarium, and deputy speaker of the state assembly and Mangalore City South MLA N Yogish Bhat took the project forward.Yogish Bhat told TOI that tender process for the planetarium will be initiated shortly.The 3D planetarium will have a dome of 18metre diameter, on par with similar planetariums in Hong Kong and Macau, he said, adding tourists in general and students in particular will benefit from it.The government aptly has decided to name the planetarium after Swami Vivekananda in honour of the social reformer whose 150th birth anniversary year is being celebrated, Bhat added.The total project cost is Rs 24.50-crore.The government earlier had 'in-principle' agreed to start a hybrid planetarium at Pilikula at a cost of Rs 15.50 crore as per suggestions given by a five-member advisory committee headed by CS Sukre, director of Jawaharlal Nehru Planetarium, Bangalore.\"We will import the technology and the software,\" Bhat said, adding the committee after several meetings later agreed for its upgradation to a 3D facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17394423", "title": "More Tibetan kids reach India in winters", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Winter season witnesses arrival of more orphan kids from Tibet, as compared to other seasons. At present, there are more than 16,000 such kids who are being given education in India at the Tibetan Children Village Schools (TCVs) which were devised by Dalai Lama in the 60s for providing better education to Tibetans.Officials at Tibetan settlement offices said that it is very difficult to bring up kids amidst an oppressive political climate in Tibet where their traditional lifestyle is under attack. \"This is why people prefer sending children to TCVs, even illegally but permanently, so that they grow up the with a Tibetan way of life and assure better future,\" said Dorjee, Tibetan welfare and settlement officer in McLeodganj.\"Tibetan families often pay huge sum of money to get their youngsters, even infants, to the Himalayas through Nepal to India. This is often done during winters since chances of being captured by the Chinese authorities is less likely,\" said Tenzin Dhodhup, a Tibetan student who is studying for a bachelors degree. Tibetans come to India primarly for education and stay away from their families.A Tibetan girl, Dolkar Lhamo, said: \"State of education in Tibet is deplorable nowadays and career options for uneducated women are extremely limited which is why many girls prefer to come to India and study. Most girls do not wish to marry since this would take away their opportunities to make use education in a fruitful manner.\"Tibetan kids are registered with the refugee centres and take admission in TCVs. They are guided under the \"khimtsang\" system and live as brothers and sisters with foster parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396159", "title": "Land acquisition for Vizhinjam project nearing completion", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vizhinjam international seaport Limited (VISL) has acquired 90% of the land needed for development of the port and has paid compensation to 42 families, which will soon be shifted from the proposed port area.\"The land has been acquired for development of port infrastructure like roads, backup area and truck terminal. We have also provided adequate compensation for the acquired land, and extra five cents and hardship allowance for six months for families who have been shifted from here,\" managing director of Vizhinjam international seaport Ltd A S Suresh Babu said.The port officials said that the previous LDF government had assisted the VISL to acquire 34.55 acres and the UDF government helped them in acquiring 61.50 acres for the port development.\"The port also plans to acquire 100 acres in Kottukal. We will complete the process of acquiring this large tract of land by the end of this year,\" minister for fisheries, port and excise K Babu said.Port officials said that there were complaints that proper environmental studies were not conducted and this issue should be looked into in detail by the expert appraisal committee.\"Due to this, there has been a slight delay in completing the environmental impact assessment report. A comprehensive report is being prepared and this will be completed by December this year,\" the official said.Meanwhile, hotel and restaurant association has alleged that that there were anomalies in a study done by International Finance Corporation (IFC), which is the consultant of the project. \"The port has already presented their views regarding this complaint to the IFC ombudsman,\" the official said.The Vizhinjam international seaport project is set to follow a landlord port model. Dredging, reclamation and basic infrastructure such as construction of breakwater and quay will be done once the port gets an eco nod from the ministry of environment and forest.Port operation will be on public private partnership model. Terminal superstructure will be built by a private operator who will also operate and maintain it for 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394465", "title": "Deemed conveyance remains a pipedream", "text": "MUMBAI: When a provision for deemed conveyance was first introduced in 2008, it was considered to be a landmark decision to protect the interest of flat buyers. But four years later, barely 1,200 out of the 88,000 housing societies have applied for it. Worst, the land has been conveyed to housing societies in only 700 cases.While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday asked officials to undertake a statewide drive from December 1 to reach across to housing societies, the state government is dithering on action against builders guilty of not conveying the land within the stipulated time.The conveyance deed is a document which conveys a property's title of ownership from the original owner to the ultimate purchase.Under the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats (regulation of the promotion of construction, sale, management, and transfer) Act, 1963, it is mandatory for a developer to convey the land to housing societies within four months of the society's formation.While provisions for deemed conveyance were incorporated in the same Act to allow societies to approach a district deputy registrar (DDR) in cases where norm is not being followed, another clause provides for initiating criminal action against such developers and promoters.Senior officials said criminal action had not been initiated in a single case. While a suggestion on taking action under the clause against developers was also raised at a meeting presided over by Chavan on Tuesday, no specific directive in this regard was issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "berhampur/ bhubaneswar", "code": "17396794", "title": "12 get six years in jail for Kandhamal riots", "text": "Berhampur/ BHUBANESWAR: A fast-track court on Tuesday sentenced 12 people to six years rigorous imprisonment each for their involvement in arson during the 2008 Kandhamal riots.Additional sessions judge B N Mishra also imposed fine of Rs 5,000 each on the 12 convicts, who belong to Jarjipadar village in Raikia, for setting some houses belonging to the minority community afire on August 25, 2008, said additional public prosecutor Pratap Patra.The court ruled that in case of non-payment of the fine amount, each convict would be required to undergo an additional jail term of one year. Ten others, who were accused in the case, were acquitted for lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17395869", "title": "H1N1 patient dies of renal failure", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fifty-two-year-old man affected by H1N1 virus died in the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), on Tuesday morning.The deceased Mayilsamy, a resident of Mudalipalayam in Tirupur district was admitted at the hospital on Saturday after the case was referred from the G Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial hospital in the city. According to P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, CMCH, Mayilsamy was admitted at the hospital on November 25. He underwent treatment at GKNM for two days before being referred to the CMCH, he said.\"When the patient was admitted at the hospital he was in critical condition and suffering from acute respiratory problems and his blood pressure was high. He was also suffering from severe renal failure, and was highly diabetic,\" said the officer. Before he was admitted at the GKNM hospital, he was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Perundurai.He said that the patient had undergone treatment for H1N1 at the GKNM and further tests at the CMCH confirmed the disease. He was put on medication and was recovering well. However, on Tuesday morning he suddenly died due to renal failure, Sivaprakasam added.He denied that death was caused due to H1N1 virus. But when quizzed about why he was referred from GKNM to CMCH, he maintained silence. Raghupathy, Deputy Director, Public Health service, Tirupur district, said that the patient was an alcoholic and was suffering from various health issues including renal failure. \"We will have to wait for the autopsy report to confirm cause of death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397020", "title": "Chhath over, filth returns to Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Overflowing garbage bins and clogged drains are very common in the city nowadays, which make walking on streets difficult.Resident of Uppar Bazar Narendra Sahu said, \"I think the residents have to wait for some festival to see a clean city. During Chhath, the city looked really clean and two weeks later it looks like a big dump yard.\" A2Z Waste Management Company, the private company assigned to clean up the city, is a nuisance. When its personnel work, the garbage van blocks the road and disturbs the traffic, and when they do not work, the whole city is a mess.The company collects Rs 40 from every household, Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 from shops for collecting garbage, but at many places the workers are not going for door to door collection. Rajesh Kumar, a resident of Kadru, said, \"Garbage collector did not come to our colony after Chhath. We have no other option but throw the garbage on roadside.\"A2Z spokesperson Ashish Saurabh said many workers who went on leave after the festival did not return on work. \"Many daily-wage earners did not return on work after festival. Several others quit the job as they did not get payment on time\" he said. \"We will hire workers in the civic wards were there is a shortage of workers and will start a cleanliness drive from tomorrow (Wednesday),\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395220", "title": "India imports 72,000 cases of wine a year", "text": "PUNE: The Indian wine market is growing at 30-40% annually and this rate will continue for the next 5-6 years in keeping with global trends. However, the current per person per year consumption of wine in the country is as low as 9-10 ml.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has mentioned this in its note on the grape wine industry of Maharashtra, based on a report prepared by Rabo International Bank. The highest wine consuming countries such as France and Italy has per person wine consumption as high as 60 to 70 litres annually. Those in China consume four litres, the report stated.Domestically, 80 % of wine consumption is confined to major cities like Mumbai (39 %), Delhi (23 %), Bangalore (9 %) and Goa (9 %) whereas rest of India has only 20 % consumption.The MIDC report further stated that India currently imports 72,000 wine cases (nine litres to a case) a year. About 32,000 of this is bottled at origin and the other 40,000 cases are imported in bulk flexi bags, which are subsequently bottled by Indian wineries. Besides this, about 12,000-15,000 wine cases are sold through the grey market.In 2009-2010, some seven lakh litres of wine worth Rs. 5.92 crore was exported to France, Italy, Germany, US, UK, Singapore and Belgium from Maharashtra.The state had announced its `Maharashtra Grape Processing Industrial Policy 2001' on September 19, 2001 with wine as an important part of it. According to a report by MIDC, four components are required to make good wine. Those are soil, climate, vines and human factor - that is the people who brew wine. A lot depends on finding the ideal balance between the characteristic of soil, the microclimate and the grape varieties.At present wine grapes are grown on a 7,000 acre area in the state. In 2010 there were a total of 74 wine making units (36 in Nashik, 13 in Sangli, 12 in Pune, 5 in Solapur, 4 in Osmanabad, 3 in Buldana and 1 in Latur district) that had started production in the state.At present, total production of wine in the country is 1.45 crore litres from 90 wineries in the country. Of that, 1.32 crore litres wine is produced by 75 wineries in Maharashtra. The total investment in wineries was Rs 431.71 crore in 2009 which rose to Rs 452.10 crore in 2012.France, Italy, Spain, Germany are the main grape wine producing countries in the world. Nearly 32,000 million litres wine is produced per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "the new commissioner of municipal corporation of gurgaon, vijay singh dahiya , took charge on tuesday afternoon. he met deputy commissioner p c meena, various department heads and councillors. soon after that, dahiya visited mdi chowk and mahaveer chowk - sites of proposed flyovers. on wednesday, he is likely to visit the solid waste management plant in bandhwari. in an interview with joel joseph , he emphasizes the need for better sanitation and promises speedy development and effective governance", "code": "17395556", "title": "Clean Gurgaon Dahiya's top priority", "text": "The new commissioner of Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon, Vijay Singh Dahiya , took charge on Tuesday afternoon. He met deputy commissioner P C Meena, various department heads and councillors. Soon after that, Dahiya visited MDI Chowk and Mahaveer Chowk - sites of proposed flyovers. On Wednesday, he is likely to visit the solid waste management plant in Bandhwari. In an interview with Joel Joseph , he emphasizes the need for better sanitation and promises speedy development and effective governance:How do you view this city?It is the fastest-growing urban district of the country. I have a fair idea about the challenges ahead.What are these challenges?For an emerging city like Gurgaon, we have to plan for the future. This city has various stakeholders and agencies and the need of the hour is to have coordination and synergy so that there is no conflict of interest. The whole city should grow and we will try to ensure holistic development of every area.What will be your focus areas as the municipal commissioner?The municipal corporation provides lots of services including issuing various documents and permissions. My focus will be to make these services more efficient and transparent with the help of technology. My predecessor has already introduced a lot of IT-based service and I would like to take them forward. I will try to exapnd the scope of IT services. In fact, the electronic delivery of services started by Sudhir Rajpal has set a new benchmark in the entire state. All other municipalities have been asked to study the model and implement it.What are the issues you will take up on priority basis?There are three main concerns related to hygiene and saniation that I will address immediately.We have to increase the level of sanitation in the city. Within this, there are three things that have to be looked into - collection, segregation and disposal. The efficiency of door-to-door garbage collection needs to be improved and the residents have to be involved actively in the process of segregation the non-biodegradable and biodegradable waste. The involvement of people is very important as the city cannot be clean without their support.Second is the issue of polythene bags. These are the main component of garbage and cannot be treated or recycled. We have to enforce the ban fully but before that we have to make people aware and provide an alternative. ,Third is to upgrade the machinery and train the manpower in various departments.Your focus on sanitation will be welcomed by the city. What are the other areas of focus?At present, there is no central office and all the departments are scattered. There is a need to have our own building so that the overall efficiency of the municipal corporation is improved. Also, it is very important to have proper signage in the city since these are critical for first time visitors for proper directions. We will have modern design signage soon.When will the changes become visible?One can see the changes in a fortnight's time. I will like to review things every 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17396737", "title": "Dalit houses torched in Cuddalore", "text": "CUDDALORE: A mob torched eight huts and two two-wheelers at a dalit colony in Pacharapalayam village near Vadalur in Cuddalore district on Tuesday morning. Eight dalits were injured in the attack. A van belonging to a dalit was also damaged.This is the second such case of violence against dalits in the state in recent weeks. On November 7, non-dalits set afire dalits huts in three villages in Dharmapuri district after the suicide of a man whose daughter married a dalit youth.In Pacharapalayam, police said, a group of dalits teased a girl belonging to a dominant caste while she was going to school around 7am. The girl complained to her relatives. Soon, around 50 non-dalits went to the dalit colony and set huts and two-wheelers on fire, damaged television sets, grinders and other home appliances. The windscreen of a van was damaged. Three huts were completely gutted while five were partially burnt. Eight tiled houses were partly damaged .Police teams from Vadalur and other places rushed there. Eight dalits, including two women, who were injured were first taken to the Kurunjipadi government general hospital and then to the Cuddalore government general hospital. They are said to be out of danger .Sub-collector R Lalitha said apolice team rushed to the spot within 30 minutes of the incident was reported . \"A large posse of police, led by two SPs and three DSPs, is now posted there. A fire tender has been stationed there as a precautionary measure. Police have intensified patrolling in neighbouring villages to prevent spread of violence and have set up pickets at sensitive pockets,\" Lalitha said. The Vadalur police registered cases against the members of both groups following complaints and counter complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396355", "title": "Orders to clear debris after construction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Raj Shekhar has instructed all implementing agencies involved in construction activity to remove all debris, pebbles within two days after completion of the work.He was holding a meeting with the officers of PWD, Jal Nigan, Jal Sansthan and Allahabad Municipal CorporationHe issued instructions for a report in this connection. Officers have been instructed to visit the site and see that debris lying on the road have been removed after completion of the work.DM also sought a detailed report from executive engineer of the PWD regarding action against the assistant engineer, junior engineer and contractor concerned in the case relating to Shubhi who died in a road accident. Order has already been issued to put the contractor on the black list and departmental action against the JE and AE.The district magistrate ordered a vigil on students riding two-wheelers and to ensure they wore helmets and carried valid driving licence. He also instructed school authorities to check students who came to school riding two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395825", "title": "Northeast monsoon deficit at 31% in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: This year, the northeast monsoon appears to have ended much earlier than it normally does, leaving Kerala with a total deficit of - 31%.The southern districts of Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha have registered a huge rainfall deficit of the order of -32%, -44% and -48%, respectively, up to November 21.\"Only three districts have had normal rainfall - Ernakulam, Kottayam and Kozhikode - while all other places recorded deficit rainfall,\" said M R Ramesh Kumar , senior scientist, national institute of oceanography (NIO), Goa.He said that Tamil Nadu on the other hand received normal rainfall during this 'thulavarsham' season.There was normal or excess rainfall in most of the districts in that state with only five districts receiving deficient amount of rainfall.The departure from the mean rainfall for the states of Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry as a whole are 0% and 16%, respectively.\"If one were to look at the NE monsoon rains in Kerala, it has indeed been deficient, and during the October 1- November 21 period, some of the districts showed large deficits, led by Pathanamthitta (-51%), Alappuzha and Malappuram (-48%), Kollam (-44%) and Kasaragod (-43%),\" said P V Joseph, senior meteorologist, department of atmospheric sciences, Cusat. Since cyclone Neelam hit the Chennai coast, there have not been any rain in the last couple of weeks.\"We expect northeast monsoon to revive by around Dec 4. But this will be for Chennai region. It is not likely to benefit Kerala. There could be some rainy days for the southern districts of Kerala,\" said Y E A Raj, regional director, southern region, Indian met department.He said that there was no likelihood of northern Kerala getting any major rainfall in December.Usually, there won't be much rains in this region like in the east coast, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395666", "title": "HC dismisses ex-minister's stay plea in LACCFED scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The noose around Rangnath Misra, former BSP minister in LACCFED scam tightened on Tuesday with the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court dismissing his plea seeking stay on his arrest in the case.A bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice DK Upadhyay said that the FIR disclosed commission of cognizable offence and hence he is not entitled for any relief. The court had already turned down the same plea of another former minister Chandradeo Ram Yadav.Meanwhile, additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant on Tuesday issued non-bailable warrant against accused Dipak Dave, a senior manager of Punjab National Bank in the LACCFED scam. Dave had allegedly helped withdrawal of fake cheques. The court found that he had been evading and escaping from the police.JE deaths hearing: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has sought details of deaths occurred in eastern Uttar Pradesh due to Japanese Encephalitis. The matter will come up for hearing on December 10 .The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit in a PIL. The PIL had expressed grief over alleged apathy of the state government over delay in purchase of paediatric ventilators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396554", "title": "Be tech-savvy to check IT crimes, cops told", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Police Academy (KPA) director IGP A S N Murthy on Tuesday advised probationary police sub-inspectors to be tech-savvy to tackle modern crimes.\"Of late, the crimes are increasing along with rapid urbanization. To tackle modern crimes like cyber and white-collar ones, officers need to be updated with technology to effectively deal with such cases. You have been given info on information on technology during basic training. But you should update yourself with related knowledge every now and again,\" said the director.IGP Murthy also called upon the probationary officers, including women officers, to treat cases pertaining to women and children seriously. \"Theirs is the vulnerable section of society, and police have to support them during their time of distress, and facilitate justice. Society is growing, and problems are increasing too. Hence, officers should give more importance to intelligence collection with a view to check crime and restore law and order,\" he added.The IGP presented trophies to those who did well during the yearlong training programme: Govindegowda S Patil -- CM's trophy for overall best trainee (men's category); Suma Indudar -- CM's trophy (women's category); Santhosh S Rathod -- DG&IGP; cup for best trainee in outdoor events; Narendra Babu M R -- best trainee in indoor activities; B P Byatarayagowda - first place in revolver shooting; Santhosh S Rathod - second place in revolver shooting.A total of 13 PSI probationers passed out from KPA as 37th batch of trainees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394808", "title": "Police sub-inspector lands in anti-corruption bureau net for demanding bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A police sub-inspector (PSI) attached to Kamptee police station on Tuesday landed in anti-corruption bureau (ACB) net for demanding 30,000 bribe for not implicating a man in a theft case.On October 24, PSI Mangesh Andhare, who was on night duty, stopped a motorcycle-borne Awan Ahmed when he passed Kamptee police station. Andhare quizzed Ahmed and also seized his two-wheeler stating it seems to be suspicious.However, the next day onwards, Andhare started threatening Ahmed, saying that he would implicate him in a vehicle theft case. But if he agreed to shell out 50,000, the motorcycle would be released, said Andhare.Ahmed pleaded that he was innocent and never committed any crime. But Andhare refused to agree.Sources said that Andhare used to deliberately implicate gullible residents and motorists refusing to fulfil his demand in criminal offences and imposed heavy fines on them.Feb up with Andhare's frequent fleecing of innocent people, local residents advised Ahmed to lodge a complaint against Andhare with the ACB. Ahmed lodged a complaint with the ACB chief of Nagpur superintendent of police Nishit Mishra.Accordingly, the ACB laid a trap and on Tuesday Ahmed went to meet PSI Andhare along with 'panchs'.Even in front of the 'panchs', Andhare did not hesitate to demand bribe. He said that if Ahmed is facing hardships to arrange the money, he will lower the bribe amount to 30,000 from 50,000. The ACB sleuths present there arrested Andhare immediately for demanding bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394360", "title": "Examination forms not being forwarded, allege Malwa Institute of Technology students", "text": "INDORE: Students of third, fifth and seventh semesters studying engineering curriculum at Malwa Institute of Technology ( MIT) once again went on protest on Tuesday alleging that the college is not forwarding their examination forms to the university. Scores of students hit the road and raised anti-college slogans claiming that even after submitting fine for short attendance the college is not forwarding their examination forms to the varsity.Earlier on November 23, 50-60 students, who had short attendance had protested after students alleged that they were made to sit on knees and rub their nose against floor by college officials as punishment for their short attendance.According to the sources though after the protest and serving punishment forms of several students were forwarded, nearly 20 students on Tuesday protested on the campus and stopped traffic on road. Students alleged that the director used abusive language against them. Student leader Varsha Sharma said the college was recovering fine by unlawful manner and restricting students from examination. \"Students were able to open their examination forms from the website as these were not forwarded to the university,\" said Sharma. No receipt was given to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393588", "title": "Selectors refuse to change Team India for third Test", "text": "MUMBAI: Former India batsman Sandeep Patil is turning out to be less cavalier as a chief selector than he was as a batsman.His panel chose to retain the side that was humiliated by England at the Wankhede on Monday, stonewalling calls for sweeping changes for the third Test at Kolkata from December 5.Local boy Ashok Dinda is the only change but he comes in for an injured Umesh Yadav, ruled out due to a sore back. The selectors have, however, sent out a veiled warning to the underperforming 'Galacticos' by naming the team for only the next Test.On Monday, the Board had announced that the selectors would be naming teams for the Kolkata and Nagpur Tests, as well as the two T20 games in Pune (December 20) and Mumbai (December 22).Clearly, the 10-wicket shellacking has stung the powers that be and the flop stars would know that they can't survive on reputation any longer. MS Dhoni, however, might have bought time for all of them by cleverly ruling out any major changes in his post match presser on Monday.The selectors went with him when they could easily have put their foot down. Should Gautam Gambhir, despite scoring a battling 65 in the second innings (his first half century in nine Test innings) have been retained?And what about Sehwag? Does scoring 117 on a flat deck at Motera absolve him of all his sins that he will be allowed to commit for the next 10 Tests?Sachin Tendulkar is slowly becoming the elephant in the room that nobody is talking about. With an average of 15.3 in his last 10 innings and his failure to pick the length quickly, his massive fan base is slowly eroding, as is his goodwill among supporters.Before England arrived in India, Virat Kohli was India's best bet. Four innings later, he seems to have fallen in a rut too. Unsure footwork, limited-overs mentality and over-anxiety seem to be causing his downfall.The No. 6 slot continues to be a tricky issue. Yuvraj Singh was a nervous starter against spin at the start of his career.He didn't do anything at Wankhede to change those views. While he's been through a lot, emotion and sympathy aren't the benchmarks to select cricket teams. It's been four years since Sourav Ganguly retired and India still haven't found a worthy replacement.Talking of replacements, in politics, ruling parties remain in power because of the TINA (There Is No Alternative) factor.MS Dhoni is the biggest beneficiary of it now. His batting form in Tests has taken a beating and his captaincy, once lauded as bold and instinctive, is now reactive and defensive. It was a major reason for the debacle in Mumbai.Over to the bowlers. Experts and former cricketers compare R Ashwin's batting to VVS Laxman's. His quick hands and ability to middle everything make him a handy batsman at No. 8. But his main role in the team is as an off-spinner.Trying too many variations and bowling a middle and leg-stump line have been his undoing. Reports have emerged that the selectors wanted to axe Harbhajan Singh for the Kolkata Test after his poor show on a Wankhede pitch, which one thought was tailor-made for the offie. But the 99-Test veteran bowled like a novice. He's survived the axe for the moment.He needs to watch how Graeme Swann bowled to get back among wickets again. Zaheer Khan didn't have too much to do at the Wankhede and was not used well by Dhoni.He bowled at good pace and in good areas at Motera, though, and the early start and the black and abrasive soil at Eden should help him get reverse swing.Times ViewBy retaining the same squad for the Kolkata Test, other than an injury-compelled change in the bowling department, the selectors have erred seriously. It is not our case that the loss in Mumbai alone is reason for panic or wholesale changes in the squad.But, taken with the wipeouts in England and Australia, they do suggest that there is a deeper malaise that needs to be addressed. Cheteshwar Pujara has shown how betting on some fresh talent can deliver results.The selectors need to look at further such options. In the process, they will also send a signal to some of the seniors in the side that they cannot take their places for granted. Perhaps that would make them perform better.Squad: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (captain), Gautam Gambhir, Virender Sehwag, Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ashok Dinda, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, M Vijay, Zaheer Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17394626", "title": "Will prune security further to VIPS: Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Caught in a controversy over Punjab's free of cost security to the slain liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal on Tuesday said that his government will further prune the security cover provided to VIPs.\"No one, irrespective of party affiliations and stature, will get security unless there was a real threat perception. The security moving with these VIPs outside the state is a concern. I've already had a long discussion with the state police head and security cover to VIPs will be reduced to 1,000-1,500 from 1,900,\" said Badal Jr, who holds the home portfolio, at a press meet.He was replying to a query on BJP MP ( Himachal Pradesh ) Anurag Thakur and INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala - both of whom are close to the Badal family - enjoying the security patronage of Punjab police personnel outside the state. Anurag, who is HP chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal's son and looks after the family business in Jalandhar, has two PSOs (personal security officers). Chautala has three PSOs for the family.Badal Jr's comments came a day after state police chief DGP Sumedh Singh Saini had said that only those who have Punjab domiciles would be entitled for security cover from the state. In May, the Punjab government had overhauled its policy when Sukhbir made a public announcement to prune the security cover of self-styled VIPs. By June 14, nearly 2,000 personnel deployed across the state were pulled back and 109 vehicles used for protection duties withdrawn.However, TOI learnt that around this time the security cover for the slain Chadha brothers was renewed and given the permission to use it indiscriminately outside Punjab. The shootout had revealed that the duo had been enjoying a free security cover - six PSOs with Hardeep and one with Ponty.According to Punjab police's own admission, 1,900 personnel are guarding 740 political leaders and top businessmen like Chadhas, depleting the already limited resources of the force.OUTSIDE SECURITYINLD chief Om Prakash Chautala: 3BJP MP Anurag Thakur: 2SAD(B) Delhi president Manjeet Singh GK: 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17394363", "title": "Ponty Chadha murder case: Namdhari gave forged details to get passport", "text": "JALANDHAR: Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, sacked chief of Uttarakhand minorities commission who allegedly fired at Ponty Chadha's brother, got his passport by furnishing fake details.His passport had been under scanner of related Union ministries even before the November 17 shootout. A month before the incident, the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and ministry of external affairs had been alerted about the anomaly.Regional passport officer, Jalandhar, has now revoked his passport (F 7702856), issued on May 18, 2006.On MHA's instructions, Intelligence Bureau (IB) sleuths checked Namdhari's credentials from Jania village under Lohian police station, Jalandhar district, as he had shown himself to be a resident of this place. Sources disclosed that IB reported to MHA that Namdhari had given wrong details in the passport application and he never resided at the place mentioned. The MHA had asked the IB to investigate the anomaly after receiving a complaint against Namdhari from a Uttarakhand resident.Jania village sarpanch Surjit Singh said IB sleuths came to him some weeks back and inquired about Namdhari's details. \"They told me that they had got orders from MHA to probe the issue. I gave them in writing that nobody of this name ever lived in the village,\" he said.Interestingly, Namdhari's passport was issued after getting feedback from Jalandhar police. Sources in passport office revealed that both the district police and CID had given favourable reports about Namdhari after which the passport was issued. \"While the district police reported that he was living at the mentioned address, the CID said that there was 'nothing adverse' against Namdhari,\" pointed out an RPO official.Regional passport officer Parneet Singh said that they had received a communique from MEA and when they checked the details, it was found that Namdhari had furnished wrong information about his address. \"I have written to SSP (rural) Jalandhar to investigate how police verification report was given when he was not residing there,\" he said.Namdhari had even submitted copy of his ration card with his passport application. However, it is yet not known whether this card was forged by him or he got it issued from the food supply department.According to official sources, Namdhari would face criminal case for providing false information and charged with forgery if it is found that the ration card and education certificates issued by him were forged.Namdhari applied for this passport on March 8, 2006 and got it on May 18, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394846", "title": "Dates tussle for Advantage Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: A grand international event to promote Vidarbha as an investment destination seems to be hitting a new hurdle. The February 1 tentative date fixed considering CM Prithviraj Chavan's availability on that day, has now been ruled out because of non-availability of good quality hotels as conference venues in the city on that day.\"We have got four new dates in February from the chief minister and will now rework the schedule to suit him looking to availability of the hotels for international and domestic participants in the event,\" guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI on Tuesday. Luxury hotels are among the first things that are needed when international events are organized. The city has in recent times seen such facilities coming up, but still they are very few for global events. The event was earlier proposed to be held in November this year, but had to be deferred.It was Moghe who organized 'Advantage Nagpur' a decade ago when the city was celebrating its tricentenary as he was incidentally the guardian minister of the district then. Now in coordination with the region's trade, industry and business promotion organizations, he is expanding the scope with focus on whole of Vidarbha.\"The region has huge potential for industrial growth with its vast natural and mineral resources and central location. The event would also give a big boost to Mihan which as been developing at a sluggish pace because of several reasons, including international economic slowdown,\" said Moghe. \"We want to showcase the whole of Vidarbha along with Nagpur as an ideal investment destination,\" he said.The Maharashtra government which is in the process of finalizing a new industrial policy, is expected to shift focus on underdeveloped areas like Vidarbha and Konkan to attract investors. The policy has already been delayed by 18 months. The last such policy was put in place in 2006 by the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and the then industries minister Ashok Chavan . It was expected to be reviewed and replaced by a new policy in March 2011. But incumbent industries minister Narayan Rane has been keeping too low a profile for last year or so to come out with a new policy document.Even more shocking is the fact that the department does not have a full-fledged secretary for over a year now. After Aziz Khan opted for voluntary retirement in June last year, the government has not managed to appoint a new industries secretary. The draft policy is yet to be discussed in the state cabinet, it is learnt. In such a scenario, holding 'Advantage Vidarbha' may also suffer a setback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397097", "title": "1.5 lakh dubious gas connections face axe", "text": "RANCHI: Come December 1, LPG cylinder connections of over 1.50 lakh consumers will be suspended. All such customers whose connections have been categorized as \"doubtful\" would not be issued any LPG cylinders from December 1.The government had found around three lakh gas connections to be suspect and issued a notice to all such customers in July. All these customers had been asked to fill KYC ( know your customer) forms with their respective dealers before November 30 and get their connections verified. Only around 1.5 lakh customers have so far submitted their forms and many of them have got their connections verified.Chief area manager of Indian Oil in Jharkhand, Uday Kumar said, \"The customers who have not submitted their KYC forms so far would not be considered for subsidy. It would be presumed that these customers do not exist and their connections would be deactivated.\" The authorities claimed that the customers had already been given enough time to submit their forms. The submission began in July and was to end in September. It was, however, extended till October 30. \"As enough number of customers did not turn up to fill their forms, the dates were once again extended till November 30,\" said Kumar.Sajjan Kumar Agrawal, owner of Indane gas agency, said many of the forms found without credible proof were suspended. \"Many of these suspended cases involved people who had taken two LPG connections in a single flat,\" said Agrawal. Around 5000 people have submitted their KYC forms at Agrawal's agency and are being verified.Jayant Kumar, of Jayant Gas Agency, said that a large number of KYC forms had already been submitted. \"A total of 2,600 doubtful cases have been given to our agency. All the customers had been informed in time. Around 1,700 of them have also submitted their forms,\" said Jayant. The doubtful cases at Jayant Agency included several old connections many of which did not have enough credentials. \"Over 100 connections have already been suspended on such grounds,\" said Jayant.The chairman of the petroleum committee of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Ravi Bhhat, who also runs a gas agency, said that the customers were harried because of the experiments of the government. \"All such gas connections are old. Several consumers in whose names the connections have been taken are outside and few even abroad. Now it is difficult for them to submit their verifications with affidavit,\" he said. The government should reconsider the suspension of all such gas connections.What's cooking?Govt has found nearly 3 lakh gas connections dubious and issued notice in JulyThey are asked to fill KYC before Oct 30. The deadline was extended by a monthOnly around 1.5 lakh customers have so far submitted the KYC formsDoubtful customers will not be supplied with gas cylinders from Dec 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394818", "title": "3 more held for assault on RTI activist", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Tuesday arrested three persons who were involved in the assault on a Right to Information activist (name withheld) in Bhandup last year.Acting on a specific tip-off, the crime branch unit 7 led by inspector Venkatesh Patil and Vinayak Vast arrested Sanjay Lad, (32), Gurudip Virdhi (36) and Anil Morvekar (27). Bhandup police had earlier arrested history sheeters Dilip Vaishnav alias Kawwa and Vilas Kadam in the case.According to the police, the case dates back to August 2011. The complainant was coming out of his building when 5-6 men assaulted him with an iron rod. The victim was rushed to hospital and narrowly escaped death.Initially, the police believed some gang was behind the assault as the victim was an RTI activist. However during investigation, it transpired that Kadam and his associates had developed enmity with members of the society they lived in. The accused and victim are all residents of a cooperative society near Janta market in Bhandup west.The three accused arrested on Tuesday had been absconding for a year now. The home department recently transferred the investigation to the crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17396718", "title": "Despite talking tough, DMK\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s only option was to back Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK's support to the Congress-led UPA government on allowing foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail trade has once again brought to fore the compulsions of coalition politics.DMK chief M Karunanidhi, who still swears he is opposed to the UPA's FDI policy, didn't have any other option but to gulp it down as a bitter pill to keep himself relevant in the political space.With the AIADMK in power in the state, and his daughter Kanimozhi and close aide A Raja still battling it out in the court in the 2G spectrum case, Karunanidhi would have ended up paying a heavy price \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of exiting the UPA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if theDMK MPs were to abstain from voting or vote against the government in Parliament.More than coalition dharma, Karunanidhi is under compulsion to prop up the Union government as it is the only source of power for his party now. Moreover, if he quits the UPA on the FDI issue, he would be forcing himself into the BJP camp, because his party cannot go it alone in the next parliamentary polls. It needs either the Congress or the BJP.The DMK's support for the Congress , however, has not come easily. Party sources said Karunanidhi gave a piece of his mind to finance minister P Chidambaram who called on him at his residence recently.He did some hard talking even when Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad met him on Sunday.\"The discussions even covered the composition of the alliance in Tamil Nadu in the next parliamentary elections . He was also upset that the Congress was indifferent to what was happening to Kanimozhi and Raja,\" a DMK source said.Nevertheless, Karunanidhi, by offering to vote in favour of FDI, has taken a hard gamble.With his stand, he could well distance the Nadars, a powerful trading community in the state. Though FDI in multi-brand retail trade might not be the most crucial issue on which the next elections would be fought, his bete noire, AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa , is bound to use the issue against him and try to rally the traders behind her to make inroads into the Nadar vote bank, which has a significant presence in the southern districts.Karunanidhi's only defence would be that since the Tamil Nadu government has categorically ruled out allowing FDI in multi-brand retail , his act would not harm the interests of the trader community in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394511", "title": "NMC officer occupies boss' cabin!", "text": "NAGPUR: Strange things can happen at NMC. Assistant tax assessor VR Rewatkar sat in the chair and cabin meant for assistant commissioner GM Rathod at Laxmi Nagar Zone forcing the latter who is actually superior officer to sit at another place. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane took serious cognizance of it and has slapped a notice on Rewatkar for indiscipline.Rathod was appointed assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone on November 15. Rewatkar was appointed as assistant tax assessor on November 17. Rathod is top official of the zone and Rewatkar is supposed to work under him. Sources at the NMC told TOI that Rathod lodged a complaint with Wardhane a few days ago. \"Rathod stated that Rewatkar was occupied his chair and cabin on November 23 and refused to leave. Rathod again did the same on November 26. Rathod then approached the civic chief,\" the sources said.Rewatkar was working as estate officer a couple of years ago. He took a long and was not given any charge on returning from leave following allegations of scam in estate department. He met Wardhane and explained his side. Accordingly, Wardhane appointed him assistant tax assessor. It is not known whether Rewatkar has replied to the notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17394463", "title": "Haryana falters in implementing RTE, gets HC notice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition alleging failure of the Haryana government in implementing the Right to Education (RTE) Act in its true spirit, the Punjab and Haryana and high court on Tuesday issued notice to the state government.Division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri has also issued notices to director-general of school education, director of elementary education seeking their replies, after hearing the petition filed by one Bijender Singh of Jind district.Counsel for petitioners argued that instead of increasing the strength of teachers to implement the RTE Act, the same was being reduced by the state government. While submitting that thousands of teachers have been deployed by the state in various non teaching works such as preparing voter lists etc, Dhull argued that it is not only against the spirit of the RTE Act, but the same is detrimental to the interest of the students and hence should be depreciated.Further seeking directions to the state government for implementation of the RTE Act, the petitioner sought directions to carry out rationalization of teachers in accordance to the provisions of the Act.The petitioner also added the state was violating the fundamental rights of lakhs of students by not paying heed to the provisions of the Act. A brief representation too was submitted to the department, but no heed was paid to the genuine demand of the petitioner. Now, the case would come up for further hearing on December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394827", "title": "Facebook arrests: Relief for Palghar girls on the cards?", "text": "MUMBAI: With Maharashtra home minister R R Patil on Tuesday announcing that two senior police officers have been suspended and a third one has received a stern warning for the erroneous arrests of two Palghar girls, the focus now shifts to whether the police will drop charges against the girls and pursue the case against the 10 men who were allegedly part of a mob that caused lakhs of rupees worth of damage to a hospital belonging to one of the girl's uncles.Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan, both 21 had been arrested on November 19 for a Facebook post that lamented the shutdown during Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. Dr Abdul Dhada's hospital had been vandalized.TOI reported on Tuesday that superintendent of police (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar was being suspended and similar action would be taken against Palghar senior inspector Shrikant Pingle, while additional SP Sangram Nishandar would be warned. TOI also reported that, in separate action, the Bombay high court had transferred first-class judicial magistrate Ramchandra Bagade from Palghar to Jalgaon.While the Palghar Shiv Sena has called for a bandh on Wednesday, a government holiday, to protest the action against the cops, the Palghar Bar Association has called for a strike to protest the transfer of the magistrate who sent the girls to 15 days' judicial custody before granting them bail of Rs 15,000 each.In an inquiry report, special inspector general (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh had said the three police officers had not acted at the right times to stop the arrests and the criminal charges against the girls should be withdrawn. Legal experts said the onus was now on the police to pursue the case against the 10 vandals by filing a chargesheet in court.\"The police officers made untimely arrests, against the advice given by their senior officers, who were of the opinion that a hasty arrest was not required in the case,\" Patil said. \"While the SP went against departmental discipline, the inspector had prepared an erroneous report in the case and applied the wrong sections. Their actions were not appropriate.\" The suspended duo will also face a departmental enquiry.Denying that the government action would affect police morale or trigger similar incidents, Patil clarified that the case had to be looked at in isolation and the police and government machinery could learn a lesson or two. He said the government would hold workshops to train cops in the use of the IT Act and appeal to the Centre to modify parts of the Act. In the future, when applying the IT Act in social media cases, cops will have to consult senior officers and maybe also get a legal opinion.Patil said the whole case will be revisited by senior cops and, if need be, the sections against the girls may be dropped. \"We will see what needs to be done after that,\" said Patil.In Palghar, meanwhile, residents were seen stocking up on milk, food and other products on Tuesday as they expect Wednesday's bandh to be total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17396760", "title": "Experts inspect Baladevjew temple", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Experts of State Archaeology and director of culture Sushil Kumar Das on Tuesday inspected the 400-year-old Baladevjew temple in the town to ascertain the cause of falling of stones from the ancient structure.Archaeologist Aswini Kumar Satapathy said the temple would be examined thoroughly and necessary repairs taken up as per the advice of the statutory technical committee.A stone slab weighing 50 kg had fallen from the temple on Saturday, leading to cracks on the main temple. This is not a lone incident.Such cases have been reported earlier raising questions about the safety of the temple. Nrusingha Patri, a priest of the temple, attributed it to faulty conservation of the temple.Dhiren Sahoo, chairman of Kendrapara Municipality, conveyed the apprehensions of the devotees about the damage to the aging stone blocks which formed the roof of the main temple and some small structures, including the kitchen room, to the director of culture.A State Archaeology team had inspected the temple four months ago and found that seepage due to heavy rain had eroded the ground underneath the structure leading to loosening of stones at the temple top, Satapathy said. The team has already started the renovation works after the recent incidents, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394118", "title": "FDI: Opposition awaits vote on FEMA amendment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may have secured the numbers to get through a vote on FDI in multi-brand retail but the BJP and Left are banking on mandatory amendments to the Foreign Exchange Management Act needed to operationalise the policy to put up fresh hurdles.The ongoing Parliament session has to approve the new regulations notified by Reserve Bank of India on October 30 to give effect to the decision to implement FDI in multi-brand retail trade, failing which foreign multi-nationals cannot set up shop in India.Under Section 47 of FEMA, the RBI can amend rules to allow FDI in retail . \"But Section 48 of FEMA says every rule and regulation made under this Act should be laid for consideration in each House of Parliament as soon as possible,\" CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said.On Tuesday, he asked the Rajya Sabha chairman what \"as soon as may be\" means. \"The convention is that they should be placed before the 15th sitting of the first session after the amendments are made. That means by December 13,\" Yechury said.\"So, legally, the government cannot prevent a vote on this issue. As lawmakers, we will legally take recourse to this,\" he added.Yechury mentioned a PIL filed in the Supreme Court by lawyer Manohar Lal Sharma. While replying to a notice issued by the court in the PIL, attorney general G E Vahanvati had said the amended rules of FEMA (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations were published in the gazette on October 30.\"We though could not find the notification in Parliament's library or on its website,\" Yechury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394588", "title": "12-yr-old dies after falling off Goregaon high-rise", "text": "MUMBAI: A 12-year-old boy died after falling off the seventh floor of a high-rise in Goregaon (W) on Tuesday afternoon.Nishant Salvi, the victim, used to live on the fourth floor of the 24-storey Garden Estates on Link Road. The police said they would go through his cellphone records and belongings to look for clues. The boy, said sources, had not been keeping well for some time.Nishant, a Class VI student at a suburban school, hailed from an affluent family. His father, Sameer, holds a senior position in a company while his mother is a homemaker. He was the only child.\"Nishant was down with viral fever for many days and had grown weak. Till a few days ago, he couldn't even walk properly. Doctors had advised him to take complete rest. Around 12.30pm on Tuesday, as he was feeling a little better, Nishant told his mother that he was stepping out for some fresh air and would be back soon. A few minutes later, his mother heard a loud thud and rushed to the window to check. Around the same time, the society's guard heard the same sound and went to check what had happened,\" said ACP Uttam Khermode. The duo found Nishant lying on the ground.The boy's mother, along with some neighbours, took him to Siddharth Hospital in Goregaon, where the youngster was declared dead.Nishant's father, who had gone to Pune for work, rushed back to Mumbai on being informed of his son's death. His mother was inconsolable.\"Nishant sustained multiple fractures on his body. We believe he fell off the seventh floor, where a small terrace juts out. Incidentally, his classmate stays on the same floor but Nishant did not visit him on Tuesday. His classmate said he had gone to Nishant's home a few days earlier to enquire about his health,\" Khermode added.The Bangur Nagar police have registered a case of accidental death. \"We are exploring different possibilities vis-a-vis the circumstances leading to his death. As most residents were away on work, nobody witnessed the fall. We are hoping witnesses will come from adjacent societies,\" an officer said. An autopsy will be conducted at the Borivli post-mortem centre. The cops will also make enquiries with other youngsters living in the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17393955", "title": "Complaint over 'delay' in rescuing injured cattle", "text": "KALYAN: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) workers have written to the Union railway minister over the nine-hour delay in rescuing buffaloes hit by a local train at Ambernath station.A Mumbai-bound train ran over several cattle on Sunday evening, killing three buffalos and injuring two. One of the injured buffaloes succumbed to its injuries on Monday. It took the authorities over nine hours to arrange an ambulance to the spot, although the accident took place right in front of the station master's cabin on Sunday.AAP workers and animal welfare officer Amit Pathak were seen at the spot fervently trying to do save the two injured cattle.The incident came to light at around 6.30 pm between platform numbers 2 and 3 at Ambernath where a local going towards Mumbai hit the cattle.AAP's Satyjeet Burman said, \"I was informed of the mishap around 8.30pm. I reached there with my party workers and found the buffaloes lying injured. No one tried to help them.\"Burman said when they requested station master Joy Abraham to call an ambulance for the animals, he said such service was not available.Burman then called up a team of veterinary doctors from Ulhasnagar, while other AAP members shifted the buffaloes outside the station on RPF stretchers. AAP member Domnik D'souza, \"The buffaloes were heavy, but none of the railway staff helped us. An RPF officer, Prakash Mohite, asked us to not use the stretchers to shift buffaloes as they will bend.\"Pathak said: \"Along with veterinary surgeon Dr Dharamraj, we administered first aid to the cattle. At 3.30am, they were taken to Parel's Bombay Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in a hydraulic ambulance.\" Expressing regret at the fact that three buffalos died on the spot, Pathak informed that the other two animals were admitted to BSPCA in Mumbai by 6.30 am.The AAP members commented that the long delay of nine hours could have been avoided if the authorities had actively coordinated to save the cattle.On whether there was any negligence on the part of Central Railway, PRO V Chandrasekhar refused to comment.Meanwhile, the secretary of BSPCA, Lt Colonel J C Khanna, told TOI that of the two injured animals brought to their animal hospital, one has unfortunately succumbed to its injuries. We are now treating the sole surviving buffalo at the Parel hospital. Perhaps the casualties could have been minimised if there was no long time delay,'' said Lt Col Khanna.Copies of the letter, written by Burman, will also be sent to other Central Railway officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17394885", "title": "CMs to discuss Cauvery row this week", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will meet her Karnataka counterpart Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore on Thursday to thrash out a solution to the vexatious Cauvery row. TN officials said the CM is likely to make a forceful plea to Karnataka for release of water to save lakhs of hectares of long-term samba crop.Confirming the meeting, officials in Bangalore said once Shettar returns from New Delhi on Wednesday, the time and venue would be finalized.Jayalalithaa's decision to meet Shettar came after the Supreme Court on Monday suggested that an amicable solution to the water sharing dispute could be worked out if the CMs of TN and Karnataka sit and discuss the issue. The court did not issue any direction to the states but adjourned the matter for hearing on Friday.Faced with political compulsions in their states, the CMs cannot afford to be seen as relenting in their stands \u00e2\u20ac\u201d while Jayalalithaa cannot return home without an assurance that water would be released, Shettar cannot be seen as compromising the interests of Karnataka's farmers. An unresolved issue for decades, the Cauvery imbroglio has churned strong emotions in both states and featured as a key issue in successive elections.With southwest monsoon bringing poor showers, Karnataka is bound to insist that the levels in some of the important reservoirs, including the Krishnaraja Sagar dam, are low and it is not in a position to release water, a stand they have maintained in the Supreme Court and before the Cauvery River Monitoring Authority.Jayalalithaa's decision comes in the wake of a near-distress situation in the Cauvery delta districts of the state. While farmers in Tamil Nadu's rice belt say their crops are wilting due to lack of water, officials maintain that water level in the Mettur reservoir in Salem, the main source of water for irrigation in delta districts of Tiruvarur, Thanjavur and Nagapattinam, is precariously low. Aggrieved by the crisis, a farmer from Nagapattinam committed suicide on Saturday, spreading panic in the region.Responding to the Supreme Court's suggestion that the two CMs meet and resolve the issue, Jayalalithaa decided to meet Shettar in Bangalore and hold discussions, said an official release. The Supreme Court advised both the states to adopt a give-and-take approach and meet along with experts to find a solution. This is the second time that the chief ministers of the two states are meeting to discuss the Cauvery issue. Earlier, in January 1996, then chief minister M Karunanidhi met his counterpart J H Patel on the issue.Sources in the state secretariat said the meeting between the two chief ministers will be held on Thursday in Bangalore. \"The chief minister will schedule her arrival in the city accordingly,\" said a senior government official. He said Karnataka government has sent a communication regarding the meeting to TN chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi.Sources said the Tamil Nadu government is likely to raise the points put forth before the Supreme Court. During the meeting, the state government was expected to make its stand explicitly clear to Karnataka that it has to release water to TN to save the Samba crop. The fast depleting storage level in Mettur dam and inadequate rains are also expected to figure during the talks between the CMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17394908", "title": "Chaos at college: Students refused entry to exam hall", "text": "NOIDA: Chaos broke out at the Degree College in Noida on Tuesday after a group of about 30 students were barred from entering the examination hall since they appeared late. The students study in the Dadri Physical Education College and their centre was the Degree College.The students had first gone to their college in Dadri at 9am. But when they realized that their exam centre was elsewhere, they promptly reached Noida by 9.25am. By then the gates to the examination hall had been closed.Police said that the students went to the teacher-in-charge, Bina Lohani, and allegedly spoke very rudely to her demanding that they be let in. The students then approached the principal's residence which is in the college premises. But when they were not allowed to give their exams even then, the students allegedly vandalized the college premises and broke the gate lock.The tense situation was finally controlled when cops from the Sector 39 police station and district administration officers reached the spot. \"The students have written an application explaining their problem and requested to retake the exam,\" said a college official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396497", "title": "'24X7 safe water supplyin Patna in 2 years'", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar on Monday said the government would ensure 24X7 supply of safe drinking water to all households in Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) area within the next two years.Kumar said this after holding a review meeting with senior officials on the issue of supply of safe drinking water to the state capital. He said a water treatment plant, 25 tubewells and 72 water towers would be constructed to supply water to about 16.83 lakh people residing in 72 wards of Patna and several kilometres of pipeline would also be laid down for the same. A gauge would be used to measure the supply of 135 litres of drinking water per person per day and the scheme would ensure supply of 325 million litre of water per day (MLD).The minister said, \"The city has been divided into northern and southern part, keeping the Delhi-Howrah main rail line as the border. The 47 wards of the northern part would receive 220 MLD drinking water treated from the Ganga river from the water treatment plant that would be constructed at Digha.\" He added, \"The 25 wards of South Patna would be provided 105.5 MLD of drinking water through tubewells.\"The joint initiative by the central and state governments would see a total expenditure of Rs 548 crore, of which Rs 476 crore would be spent for infrastructure to supply drinking water and Rs 72 crore for maintenance over the next 10 years, the minister stated.Kumar said, \"The execution of the project has been assigned to a special purpose vehicle (SPV) company under BUIDCo. \"Named Patna Water Supply Distribution Network Private Limited, it would complete the work before April 1, 2014 and the company would be looking after the maintenance of the project for the next 10 years.\" The minister added that the venture would employ very advanced technology.The meeting was attended by managing director, BUIDCo, Patna Municipal Commissioner, additional municipal commissioner, PMC, and several other officials of the urban development department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394275", "title": "Death toll in apartment fire mishap climbs to 7", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death toll in the Puppalguda apartment fire mishap swelled to seven on Tuesday with G Padma, 37, succumbing to her injuries at the state-run Osmania General Hospital (OGH) early on Tuesday. She was admitted to the hospital with 64% burns and developed cardiac problems.Dr Shivram Reddy, head at the plastic surgery department, said Padma died of cardio respiratory failure. \"She had major burn injuries and developed respiratory problems. She died of cardio- respiratory failure early this morning,\" said Dr Reddy.Portions of the six-storeyed building was gutted after a fire which broke out in a godown storing film props spread rapidly around 8.30pm on Sunday. The fire department said an electrical short-circuit in the godown caused the fire, while the police are still looking for the owner of the godown, who is believed to have fled the city. The other critically injured women M Anantharawamma, 55, who suffered 71% burns and was also admitted to OGH was shifted to a private hospital at Malakpet against medical advice. Her condition remains critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396275", "title": "Uttar Pradesh State Roadways Transport Corporation seeks medical units at bus stations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Uttar Pradesh State Roadways Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) has asked Kumbh Mela health authorities to set up medical units at permanent and temporary bus stands during Kumbh. UPSRTC officials have also asked health officials to depute at least one ambulance at every temporary and permanent bus stand for sick passengers or during emergency.In a letter written to additional director, health and medicine, Allahabad, additional regional manager (Kumbh Mela), UPSRTC, KK Tiwari has called for setting up medical units at five temporary bus stands, including Jhunsi, Arail, Agriculture, KP College ground and Phaphamau.He added that during 2001 Kumbh and 2007 Ardh Kumbh, medical units were set up at temporary and permanent bus stations.This time, the UPSRTC authorities has also demanded one ambulance at every temporary and permanent bus station.With crore of pilgrims expected to arrive at Kumbh, which will begin in January, UPSRTC authorities are making elaborate arrangements for transportation. Around 5,000 buses will be deployed during Kumbh on the important routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "17393825", "title": "Realtor hacked to death in broad daylight", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: A realtor was hacked to death in broad daylight in Machilipatnam town on Tuesday. The assailants hacked the victim on the main street in Revathi bazaar which is a busy shopping area.The victim, Gandham Venkateswara Rao alias Kondalu of Edepalli centre in the town was a realtor and was also involved in finance business. Unknown assailants, who waylaid Rao at Revathi centre, attacked him around 9 am when he was returning home after dropping his children to school.As the public on the road watched in horror, the assailants stabbed him and fled the scene.The locals rushed the victim to the government general hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead.Police reached the hospital and began investigation. Chilakalapudi station police have set up special teams to nab the offenders. Sources said Kondalu had got into an argument with some locals on an issue of repayment of Rs.10,000 only a day before his murder. Police said that they would probe all aspects including his rivalries in business.SP J Prabhakara Rao visited the spot and asked the police to speed up the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394082", "title": "No plans to make Kolar gold mine a nuclear dump yard: NPCIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kudankulam nuclear power plant operator Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that it has not identified the abandoned Kolar gold mine as a dump yard for spent nuclear fuel.NPCIL executive director Ashok Chauhan said its earlier affidavit narrating the development of an underground chamber in Kolar gold mine had led to unwarranted speculation in a section of media about converting it into a site for storage of nuclear waste.The NPCIL had said in its November 7 affidavit, \"Keeping in line with the international developments, the initial focus of work in the 1980s mainly centred on setting up generic underground research laboratory (URL) in one of the abandoned mines in India and resulted in the development of an underground chamber in Kolar gold mine located in south India.\"It said permanent geological disposal of vitrified high level radioactive waste in specifically designed geological repository (DGR), located at a suitable depth in a carefully selected site constituted the end point of management of spent fuel.Answering allegations by petitioner G Sundarrajan through advocate Pranav Sachdeva about lack of preparedness to store spent fuel from KNPP, the NPCIL said the need for managing KNPP would arise only a few decades from now.NPCIL said, \"Current efforts within the Indian geological repository programme are directed towards granite based URL. In India, we have granite rock formation spread all over the country. As such, setting up of a deep geological repository is not much of a technological challenge, but as the case internationally elsewhere, it is more of socio-political issue.\"It informed the court, which is hearing the PIL alleging that essential safety measures identified after the Fukushima disaster had not been put in place at KNPP, that India had decades of experience and expertise in management of radioactive waste.\"It is recognized that the technologies currently adopted are adequate and safe, but research and development efforts continue for improvement of existing technology and development of new technologies so as to enhance process performance and meet future challenges,\" NPCIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394218", "title": "Netas unite to pay tribute to Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Politicians sank party differences to pay glowing tributes to Bal Thackeray at a well-attended meeting held in Shanmukhananda Hall on Tuesday. The Shiv Sena chief died at his Mumbai residence on November 17 after protracted illness.Setting the mood of the evening, BJP leader L K Advani said Balasaheb's demise had created a void in public life in the real sense of the term. \"Balasaheb had a phenomenal following in Maharashtra and retained till the end an immense clout over Mumbai. He could disarm his detractors and they too held him in esteem,\" Advani said.Union minister Sharad Pawar , chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, Union minister Farooque Abdullah and MNS chief Raj Thackeray , who were billed as speakers, couldn't make it to the condolence meeting. Describing Balasaheb as a \"giant\", BJP president Nitin Gadkari said he was a man of modern sensibilities as he strove very hard for the progress of Mumbai and Maharashtra. \"Balasaheb was keen about the development of Mumbai's infrastructure.It was entirely because of his initiative and vision that projects such as the Mumbai fly-overs and the Mumbai-Pune Expressway were built during the Sena-BJP rule,\" Gadkari said.BJP leader Gopinath Munde recalled Balasaheb's commitment to the downtrodden and the poor. \"He wanted a rope-way at the Raigad fort for the benfit of common citizens. When I, as finance minister in the Sena-BJP government, told him that the project was financially not viable, Balasaheb retorted,'Remember that the chief minister and the deputy CM (Munde's post) too are not viable when I am around',\" said Munde.Noted industrialist Rahul Bajaj said Balasaheb was ever keen on prodding his workers __the Sena had a union in Bajaj's automobile unit in Pune to ensure greater productivity. \"The Sena union has often been accused of using coercive methods and of extortion. I must state that I never even once faced this problem,\" said Bajaj.Home minister R R Patil of the NCP recalled Balasaheb's date with the privileges committee of the state legislature which had summoned him for a reprimand for one of his articles a few years ago. \"When Balasaheb came before the privileges panel, every member, the staff and other employees stood up to pay their respect to the great leader. I was a member of the panel and I can tell you that I had never encountered such a scenario in the past,\" said Patil.Deputy chairman of the legislative council Vasant Davkhare, RPI leader Ramdas Athavle, noted historian Babasaheb Purandare, finance minister Jayant Patil, minister for cooperation Harshavardhan Patil of the Congress, among others, spoke at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17394567", "title": "Atray posting: Khemka meets chief secretary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after writing a letter to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , raising doubts about the posting of state civil services officer Vivek Atray as IT director, whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka met state chief secretary P K Chaudhery on Tuesday.Khemka had written to Hooda, saying Atray had worked for two private firms related to IT sector from 2008 to October 2010 and \"now it cannot be assumed that he will be fair while dealing with his 'ex-masters' in his present job\".Sources said that a section in the bureaucracy feels that the IAS officer cannot question the decisions of the state as posting of officers is the government's prerogative. However, those close to the officer claimed that Khemka did not violate any rule of conduct as he wrote the letter in his personal capacity.In his fresh letter to the CM, Khemka wanted the posting orders of Atray be revised suitably so that \"there is no conflict of interest between his earlier private employment in Price Waterhouse Coopers (PwC) and KPMG and his present job as IT director\".When contacted, Khemka said, \"I have conveyed in the letter whatever I wanted to say on the issue and have nothing further to add\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17394432", "title": "Stay on suspension of Congress workers", "text": "SHIMLA: Factionalism within Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee has reached its peak. After Virbhadra Singh suspended former minister Singhi Ram and two dozen others from the party for allegedly carrying out anti-party activities during the recently-concluded assembly polls, the rival faction has managed to stay the suspension. A three-member committee of former state presidents has been constituted by party high command to look into the issue.With the appointment of Virbhadra Singh as state president, the rival camp led by former state president Kaul Singh Thakur has been sidelined in the state. Rivalry between both camps was clearly visible during the assembly elections and after afterwards, Kaul Singh alleged that some Congress leaders even made efforts to ensure his defeat in the polls.Many Congress leaders close to Kaul Singh Thakur and Union minister Anand Sharma were suspended by Virbhadra Singh on November 19 after which the rival faction, opposing the suspension, rushed to Delhi to apprise the high command about the situation back home. Stay on suspensions for the time being and formation of the three-member committee is being seen as a victory for Kaul Singh camp.AICC general secretary and party in charge for Himachal Pradesh Birender Singh, on Tuesday, issued orders to this effect in which it has been claimed that party high command had received complaints right from block to state level about suspension of some leaders in an arbitrary manner.According to the statement, the complaints said that the suspensions were ordered by Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee without issuing notices and hearing the other sides, which was against the party constitution.\"Till the submission of the report by committee members including Vidya Stokes, Viplove Thakur and Kuldeep Kumar and all former presidents of PCC, the suspensions ordered after November 4 are stayed,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17395092", "title": "Kabbadi World Cup in Bathinda from December 1", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Desperate to shed its rural sport tag and become an international sensation, Kabbadi is yet again set to shake the rural dirt fields of Punjab with a galaxy of international stars, as the state gets ready to host its third successive international World Cup.The tournament will begin in Bathinda on December 1 with a participation of 23 nations for a total prize money of Rs 4.54 crore. The state government released on Tuesday the World Cup's first-ever mascot: Jaanbaaz.\"This mascot symbolizes the motto of: Aim High, Fly High, Go For Sports and Fight Drugs,\" Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal told reporters at pre-event news conference. He also told media that 10 out of 16 countries had no single player of Indian origin.\"The first timers include Denmark, Afghanistan, Iran and Kenya. The popularity of the game is increasing, albeit slow. Denmark has already given official recognition to Circle Kabaddi and they have also offered to host the fourth World Cup Kabaddi at Denmark,\" he said.Badal Jr, who also holds the sports portfolio, said the state government has included this game in the sports gradation policy.Bollywood Star Akshay Kumar would be the star attraction at the opening ceremony, while Pakistan Punjab CM Miyan Mohammad Shahbaz Sharif would be the chief guest at the closing ceremony.The tournament will be spread across Bathinda, Patiala, Hoshiarpur, Amritsar, Doda (Mukatsar), Sangrur, Roopnagar, Chohla Sahib (Tarntaran), Fazilka, Gurdaspur, Mansa, Jalandhar and Ludhiana.To attract more women teams, the government has doubled the prize money for winners from Rs 25 lakh to Rs 51 lakh. Among the men's teams, Rs 2 crore has been set for the winner, followed by Rs 1 crore for the runners-up.DOPE TESTBadal Jr reassured that the tournament will be dope free and that services of National Anti-Doping Agency has been requisitioned to conduct regular tests on players.Those failing the dope test would be barred for two years, besides seizing their prize money or participation money.HIGHLIGHTSMEN'S TEAMS: India, Afghanistan, Argentina, Canada, Denmark, England, Iran, Italy, Kenya , New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Pakistan, Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka and USWOMEN'S TEAMS: India, Canada, Denmark, England, Malaysia, Turkmenistan, USDates: December 1 to 15", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395433", "title": "Urban plan not clear on use of water for construction", "text": "GURGAON: In the recently notified final Gurgaon-Manesar development plan in which a total urbanizable area of 32,988 hectares has been envisaged for a certain population, the state government is vague about the thorny issue of supply of water for construction purposes in the region.The entire plan has covered all the aspects but avoids any firm policy for the use of water for construction. The plan has briefly touched upon the water shortage issue in the region and stipulated that development of sectors on zero discharge concept and encourage the use of recycled water. After Punjab and Haryana high court, all the housing projects in the region are relying on the treated water of sewage treatment plants (STP) being supplied by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). This is not enough, given the size of development is earmarked in the final plan.\"The town planners of the government did think about the zero discharge concept and emphasized on the recycling water but why there is no mention of how water will be supplied for a big construction as per the plan,\" said Raman Sharma, president, Progressive Gurgaon Forum.He pointed out another flaw in the notified plan. He said that Sohna has 1,000 hectares of Gurgaon Aravali hilly areas which has been called agricultural zone where farm houses, hotels and banquet halls are allowed. \"This is a big mistake, since it will encourage construction of massive farm houses. The Progressive Gurgaon Forum is working on a way to take legal recourse against this move,\" said Sharma. \"The notified plan has designated the Aravali ranges around the main Sohna town as a Natural Conservation Zone (NCZ) but a mere announcement is not enough.\"Echoing similar sentiments, Wing Commandar (Retd) Dharam Vir Yadav said: \"The state government should have incorporated detailed guidelines for the violators in the region, but this is missing in the plan,\" Yadav said.As per the plan, 1,621 hectares for residential, 1,616 hectares for commercial, 4,613 hectares for industrial and 4,428 hectares for transport and communication, have been earmarked. \"The plan gives details about all types of projects but is silent on how and from where the developers, including HUDA and private players, will get water for construction purposes. This is not an oversight but a deliberate move to keep it vague,\" said Yadav.When the final plan was in the drafting stage the residents of Gurgaon had sent numerous objections but nothing happened. \"The entire exercise of inviting objections to the draft proposal of development plan is an eyewash and the department of town and country planning, which is the nodal agency for this, seldom takes them (objections) seriously,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395496", "title": "Dengue, malaria cases down, but admin advises caution", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the cases of malaria and dengue fever cases have gone down drastically in the past fortnight, the district administration issued a notice on Tuesday to all the authorities concerned including the health department to take adequate measures and also keep enough stock of medicines to deal with the diseases.Other departments, which are required to comply with the deputy commissioner's order, include SDMs, HUDA, education and public health department, among others.Deputy commissioner P C Meena said, \"The situation is under control and very few cases are being reported these days. However, it is necessary that all the stakeholders should remain on alert to meet any exigencies.\"Health department officials said that 469 cases of dengue including one death, 635 malaria cases and five swine flu cases have been reported so far this year. However, according to private hospitals, around 2,000 dengue cases have been reported, besides seven deaths.The health department has been asked to send a weekly status report on the diseases to the administration. All the stakeholders have been asked to sensitize general public to check the menace of mosquitoes by holding nukkad meetings, public gatherings and launching a cleanliness drive in their jurisdictions.Health experts advised residents that they should remain on alert with the mercury falling thereby increasing the chances of the spread of swine flu and other viral infections. Residents, especially pregnant women, elders and those suffering from respiratory problems need to take extra precautions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394562", "title": "High court to hear petition over 'mobile radiation victims'", "text": "JAIPUR: Looking at the agony of a man, who approached the Rajasthan high court seeking action against mobile companies alleging that the radiation from nearby towers caused brain tumor to his two younger brothers, out of which one had passed away, a division bench headed by the Chief Justice has admitted a separate PIL in the matter to see if he can be awarded adequate compensation to be paid by mobile companies.The bench, while disposing of a PIL filed by retired judge Justice I S Israni, came across an application moved by one Sudhir Kasliwal alleging that his two younger brothers -- Sanjay and Pramod Kasliwal -- suffered brain tumor successively due to high mobile radiation emission from a tower near their house in C-Scheme area.It has also been stated in the application that Pramod Kasliwal died due to brain tumor caused by mobile tower radiation.\"Technology has been fast changing and in countries like Singapore , there are no towers for mobile communication now. There is no regulation of mushrooming mobile towers. The time has come to revisit the whole issue,\" said the Chief Justice.\"This is a serious matter and needs to be dealt with separately in a petition. We have to see whether compensation can be given for causing loss to the family. We, therefore, direct to register the application moved by the aggrieved brother as a separate petition so that adequate compensation for his two brothers who suffered brain tumor as alleged by him can be determined,\" observed Chief Justice Arun Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395414", "title": "No plans to slash Vat rates on diesel: Govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday said that it has no plans to slash the rate of Value Added Tax on diesel, and that the rate of tax on the product is already less in the state, if compared with 13 other states in the country. Dissatisfied with this, the Congress members made a noisy walkout from the assembly over the issue, accusing the government of ignoring the interest of common man and farmers.Replying to a question of senior BJP MLA Shyamdeo Rai Choudhury in the House, minister of state for planning Farid Mahfooz Kidwai said that no such proposal is under consideration. The government has already waived off VAT on several foodgrain items and even on LPG cylinders. \"But, there is no question of reducing it further on the diesel,\" he said.In support of his contention, Kidwai further said that UP is charging 17.3% Vat on diesel, whereas 13 states charge more that it. This includes Chhattisgarh , where it is 25%, Madhya Pradesh-23% and Tamil Nadu and Gujarat where it is 21% each,\" the minister explained.Intervening at this stage, Rashtriya Lok Dal member Puran Prakash and Bharatiya Janata Party legislature party leader Hukum Singh alleged that the Vat rate on diesel is less in Haryana and Delhi, leading to smuggling of the product and causing loss to the state exchequer. The RLD leader said that in Delhi and Haryana, diesel is cheaper by Rs 2 per litre, due to which the people living in the bordering areas purchase the product from across the border. In order to curb this problem, Singh suggested that tax rate in UP should be fixed at par with that of Delhi and Haryana.However, when parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan asked the Congress members to impress upon the UPA government to give subsidy to the farmers using diesel, Congress member Pramod Tewari sought to justify the hike in the diesel price in view of increase in the price of crude oil in the international market. He asked the state government to follow the path taken by the Congress-led states by reducing the Vat.Replying to another question, the government said that it has no plan to enact any law to control the misuse or overexploitation of ground water in the state even though it confessed that the status of ground water level is critical. Minor irrigation minister Parasnath Yadav said that the status of ground water in 215 blocks of the state is of concern, as 108 blocks in 36 districts are critical. But in spite of this, the government is not in favour of bringing any legislation to check ground water exploitation.The argument offered by him was that 77.39% of the irrigation is being done through private tubewells, so it would be a harsh decision with a far-reaching consequence on marginal farmers, who depend mostly on ground water for irrigation. \"The only way to solve this problem is rainwater harvesting and for this, the government is committed to encourage. In this scheme, 400 check dams would be constructed in Bundelkhand region to control rain waters for better irrigational facilities and similar schemes would be implemented in other affected blocks,\" he said.The district magistrates of all the 36 critical districts, he said, have been asked to prepare a detailed project for ground water recharging and sending them to the state government for action by May 15.Congress member Pramod Tewari suggested that the government should adopt the method of irrigation prevalent in Israel , where recently state PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav visited.However, BJP legislature party leader Hukum Singh pointed out that the ponds constructed under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme had technical flaw and several of them were made only on papers. Accepting the charges, the minister assured Singh that action would be taken in all such case after holding an inquiry.In reply to another question, the government admitted that 61.18 lakh children have been found to be suffering from malnutrition in a survey conducted recently. On the issue related to the honorarium of homeguards, the government said that there is no proposal under consideration to increase the daily wages of the homeguards and also the question of making them permanent does not arise at all. The members were demanding that the daily wages of homeguards should be made Rs 300 from existing Rs 160. There are around 1.18 lakh homeguards in the state.The issue of mining rights to Nishad, Kewat, Mallah and Mahua castes was also raised during a supplementary question by BJP's Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, who sought to know government's stand on the matter of providing them land holdings of coarse sand.Replying on behalf of the government, Farid Mahfooz Kidwai said that the matter is pending in the Supreme Court and hence it is subjudice, following which the BSP staged a walkout alleging that the government is against the backward classes. BJP's Hukum Singh said these castes are traditionally dependant on trades associated with mining on the river bank and also led his party to a walkout.The Congress members also walked out after accusing the government of being anti-backward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396559", "title": "Rs 19.42 cr for devpt of 19 colleges", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government has sanctioned Rs 19.42 crore for development of select 19 colleges as 'centre of excellence'.According to cabinet coordination department secretary Ravikant, A N College, College of Commerce, College of Arts and Crafts, J D Women's College, Rajkiya Mahila Mahavidyalya-Gardanibagh and Mahila Mahavidyalaya-Gulzarbagh (all in Patna), L S College-Muzaffarpur, C M Science College-Darbhanga, H D Jain College-Ara, A N S College-Barh, Gaya College-Gaya, R D &amp; D J College-Munger, Rajendra College-Chhapra, M S College-Motihari, R N College-Saharsa, R K College-Madhepura, Purnia College-Purnia, S M College-Bhagalpur and M J K College-Bettiah are to be developed as centres of excellence in the first phase.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had earlier said he was committed to developing some old and established colleges into centres of excellence for better academic atmosphere. Apart from the infrastructure, the faculty will also be developed as per requirement.Briefing newsmen after a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Ravikant said the cabinet increased the entry tax on certain items to make the rate on a par with the VAT. The 4% entry tax will be raised to 5% on coal, computer hardware, steel and plastic pipes, iron and steel, vanaspati, telephone and its parts, stone chips and boulders, tractors and ply board. It was in response to a proposal of the department of commercial taxes that the cabinet gave its nod for uniform VAT and entry tax.Taking cognisance of land reforms and revenue department's proposal, the cabinet approved necessary amendments to Bihar Khas Mahal Policy, 2011. The cabinet approved holding of byelection to 1917 vacant posts in gram panchayats and gram kutchery. The election under Bihar Panchayat Election Regulation, 2006 will be held on December 20 while the votes would be counted the next day. The election for the newly notified gram panchayat of Jamhaur in Aurangabad district will also be held simultaneously.The government leased out 28 decimal land at Bhatgaon under the Thakurganj block in Kishanganj district to the Union home ministry for establishment of a Sashastra Seema Bal camp.The cabinet also approved a grant of Rs 1.54 crore under unplanned head to State Backward Classes Commission for 2012-13 and Rs 76.5 lakh to State Upper Caste Commission. Under the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, a centrally-sponsored scheme, the state government released its share of Rs 26.86 crore for construction of 25,582 toilets in select schools in 33 districts. The funds will be released to district water and sanitation committees functioning under the PHED.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394613", "title": "Mankhurd row: Senior official may be suspended for shelter home lapse", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a report by a court-appointed committee came down hard on the functioning of the state-run women's welfare home in Mankhurd, the state government on Tuesday decided to crack the whip.The women and child development department has recommended action against four senior officials, including the suspension of one of them and the transfer of another two.The welfare centre has been in the news since the escape of 23 inmates last month. An inmate had also claimed in a news report that girls staying there were sexually abused and that the living conditions were sub-human.The findings of a committee appointed by the Bombay high court, which took suo motu cognizance of the matter, revealed \u00e2\u20ac\u201damong other things\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat the centre did not maintain any records of the inmates. On Tuesday, women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad convened a meeting to discuss the lapse (not maintaining records). Departmental officials said the records were not maintained since March 31 till the day of the escape.Arguing that the irregularity was committed despite specific instructions, the department proposed action against four officials. This includes the suspension of district probational officer Neeru Sharma, who was acting superintendent at the centre till September, and the transfer of deputy commissioner (women and child development) Ravi Patil and district women and child development officer Anand Khandagle, holding them directly responsible for the lapse. A showcause notice will also be served on women and child development commissioner Rajendra Chavan for failing to act in the matter. Sources say two other senior officials, both of whom have served as superintendents at the centre, are also under the scanner.Gaikwad said her department would act against those responsible for the lapse. While the committee also made observations on allegations of sexual abuse, sources said the government would await the report in this regard before taking action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396130", "title": "Bevco plans own buildings for outlets", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Faced with acute shortage of buildings to run retail liquor outlets, Kerala State Beverages Corporation is planning to construct a chain of branded buildings to house Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) outlets across the state.At present, the corporation has 338 IMFL outlets in the state and all of them are being operated from buildings on rent.Of late, the corporation has been facing stiff resistance from public and anti-liquor activists for the inconvenience caused by long winding queues in front of some of the outlets located in busy junctions and sensitive areas.Though the corporation tried to build a data base of individuals willing to rent out buildings suitable for running IMFL outlets, it did not have the desired result.This has prompted the corporation to look out for land plots suitable for setting up the outlets.According to corporation, all new buildings for IMFL outlets would not only comply with the Kerala abkari rules, but also be away from busy junctions and main roads.\"We are on the lookout for suitable pieces of land for constructing IMFL outlets. The corporation has been getting good response to an expression of interest invited from land owners willing to sell their land to the corporation. We plan to construct two storied buildings with more billing counters.There would be a separate section on the first floor for the sale of premium brands,\" said beverages corporation managing director S Jogesh. \"We are looking for land at locations that would cause little or no inconvenience to general public,\" he added.The corporation has been able to identify suitable land parcels in almost 10 districts in the state.\"Once we shortlist the pieces of land, respective district collectors would be requested to evaluate the prices of these plots. We have enough funds to invest on land and building construction. We also have plans to construct own warehouses for stocking liquor. Currently, we have 22 godowns that are being operated from rented buildings,\" he said.According to Jogesh, the corporation's move to construct buildings for IMFL outlets and warehouses would prove beneficial in the long run, especially when owners of most of the buildings where the corporation run IMFL out lets were pressing for rent hike every year. \"The exact size and design of the building would be decided later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394609", "title": "Lawyers' protest disrupts court proceedings", "text": "JAIPUR: A group high court lawyers on Tuesday disrupted court proceedings by not allowing advocates to enter the court premises and attending daily affairs resulting in all the Judges to pass orders without assistance of lawyers.Even Chief Justice Arun Mishra was not informed about the lawyers' agitation and when Justice Mishra came to the dais he inquired from a few lawyers present in the court about the agitation. The court then took up a PIL filed by one K M L Asthana seeking appointment of Lokayukta and placed the matter for hearing after six weeks as the court was continuing with the dictation of orders in the mobile tower matter.The lawyers were protesting against the alleged beating of two lawyers, Bhupendra Sharma and Suresh by a gas agency official in Jyoti Nagar police station area. Justice Ajay Rastogi and Justice M N Bhandari criticized the lawyers for taking this course frequently and disturbing the atmosphere in the high court.The strike was also opposed strongly by President of Rajasthan High Court Bar Association Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma. Sharma said, \"I am with those lawyers who want to argue their cases and if you are afraid of this group of lawyers I will escort you to your respective court rooms and will see that no manhandling occurs. I especially request the designate senior advocates not to support such acts by lawyers where the bar association is not taken into confidence. They are nobody to decide strikes without our call.\"But despite a call given by the bar association president Sharma to appear in the court rooms lawyers did not appear in the court for routine work. Later, a group of lawyers gheraoed Jyoti Nagar police station and raised slogans against police administration for their inaction. However, the police officials said that an FIR has already been registered and the accused nabbed but the lawyers who lodged the FIR have not appeared despite repeated reminders by SHO Mohar Singh Pooniya and also the ACP of the circle.EomJaipur : A group of lawyers of high court on Tuesday disrupted court proceeding by not allowing advocates to enter in court premises and attending daily affaris resulting in all the Judges to pass order without assistance of lawyers.Even the Chief Justice Arun Mishra was not informed about the agitation by the lawyers and when Justice Mishra came to dias he inquired from a few lawyers present in the court about the agitation the court than took up a PIL filed by one K M L Asthana seeking appointment of Lokayukta and placed the matter for hearing after six week as the court was continuing with the dictation of orders in the mobile tower matter.The group of lawyers were protesting against the alleged beating of two lawyers named bhupendra Sharma and one Suresh by a gas agency official in Joyoti Nagar police area. Justice Ajay Rastogi and Justice M N Bhandari critized lawyers for taking recourse to strike frequently and disturbing the atmosphere of work in high court.The strike was also opposed strongy by President of Rajasthan high court Bar Association Vibhuti bhushan Sharma. Sharma said, \"I am with those lawyers who want to argue their cases and if you are afraid of this group of lawyers I will escort you to your respective court rooms and will see that no manhandling takes palce with you. I specially request to the designate senior advocates not be abstain themselves to support such act of lawyers which does not take bar association into confidance. They are nobody to call strikes without our call.\"But despite a call given by President Sharma to appear in the court room lawyers did not appeared in court for routine work. Later a group of lawyer ghearo Jyoti Nagar Police station and raised slogans against police adminsitration for thier inaction. It was, however, stated by the police officials that the FIR has already been registered and the accused have been nabbed but the lawyers who raised the FIR have not been putting appearance despite repeated reminders by the SHO Mohar singh Pooniya as also ACP of the circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17393919", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee for alliance between Telangana Rashtra Samiti, BJP", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the political parties busy in devising their own poll strategies, the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) is at pains to find ways to cobble up an alliance between its two significant member parties, TRS and BJP, as their political rivalry is threatening to hit the Telangana movement adversely.While the steering committee of T-JAC, which met on Tuesday, dwelled upon various issues relating to the re-launch of the agitation, the main focus was on the means to bring closer the bickering TRS and BJP. And with the aim of bringing about rapprochement, the T-JAC has decided to invite the two parties for its extended steering committee meeting slated for December 1.\"It is natural that the TRS and BJP nurse their own electoral interests despite being active members of the T-JAC. We will invite the top leaders of the two parties for the extended steering committee meeting where we will appeal to them to come to an understanding with each other,\" said Pittala Rajender, coordinator of T-JAC.He said, K Chandrasekhar Rao from the TRS and the BJP leaders including G Kishan Reddy, Bandaru Dattatreya, and Ch Vidyasagar Rao will be invited for the extended steering committee meeting.Considering the gravity of the issue, the T-JAC leaders have already started convincing the leaders of the wo parties. And it was discussed with the BJP leaders when the T-JAC leaders met them last week. \"We conveyed the T-JAC's stand to the BJP leaders when we met them, and appealed to them to keep the Telangana interest above their political interest. The participation of the TRS and BJP in the extended steering committee is the result of the persuasion,\" said Katti Venkataswamy, co-convener of T-JAC.While the BJP is apparently open to the option of joining hands with TRS, the later is still in a quandary as the party is also counting on a possible alliance with the Congress. \"The TRS is looking at various options including having alliance with Congress. In case it allies with the Congress, then BJP will be untouchable for it. But, nothing is clear for now. And therefore the situation is confusing,\" said a T-JAC leader.He said, KCR would look at dividing the Congress in Telangana if he chose to join hands with the BJP. If he can forge an alliance with the Congress, then he will take BJP head on by branding it as a communal party. And it all depends on the final stand to be taken by the T-Congress leaders who have now rebelled against their party high command.Responding to the T-JAC's appeal, NVSS Prabhakar, a spokesperson of BJP, said his party was open for any option in the interest of Telangana. \"People know that the BJP, being a national party, only can realize the dream of Telangana state. We are prepared to go all alone in the elections. At the same time, we are ready to join hands with anyone including TRS, but the proposal must come from them,\" said Prabhakar.Meanwhile, the T-JAC has decided to support the Deeksha, the hunger strike, the TRS is organizing across Telangana on November 29, and a three-day hunger strike conduced by BJP from December 9 to 11.The steering committee of T-JAC on Tuesday decided to launch a series of agitations in the assembly constituencies of the Congress ministers in Telangana. And the T-JAC has called upon the activists to observe December 9 as the inspiration day and December 23 as the betrayal day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395174", "title": "Jury should be from all continents, says Goutam Ghose", "text": "PANAJI: Noted film maker Goutam Ghose, who heads the jury for international competition section of the International film festival of India (Iffi), says it would be better to have representatives from all five continents on the jury.\"There is so much of divergence in the cultural expressions and value systems prevailing in different countries. Whatever claims we make on exposure to multiple cultures, only people from those areas will be able to fully grasp the nuances and specificities of each culture,'' Ghose said on Tuesday.He made this point while participating in the \"Chai 'n' Chat'' programme organized as part of the Iffi, after observing that this year's jury did not have representation from Africa. Ghose said that the jury has completed watching of all the 15 films in the competition section, and would come to a conclusion on the winner through discussions in the coming three days. \"The jury members were friendly, and we hope we would be able to come to a consensus without much hassles,'' he said.Derek Malcolm, film critic and jury member, said there were no territorial fights within the jury this time, and that he enjoyed watching the films in the competition section.Shankar Mohan, Iffi director, said that the process of selecting films for the competition section was started in June, and the 15 films were selected from about 700-odd films which had applied. Romanian actress Anamaria Marinca, who is also a jury member, said that the films in the competition section were educative for her as they reflected the socio-political conditions of the countries from where they came from. Lech Majewski, Polish film and theatre director and a member of the jury, said that he was a little disappointed that he could not give awards to more actors as the number was limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17393771", "title": "CBI hasn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t estimated 2G scam loss: Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Singling out the 2G scam as the biggest case of his tenure, outgoing CBI chief A P Singh said the agency has not arrived at a loss estimate due to allocation of spectrum below market rates although it has mentioned a notional figure of Rs 30,000 crore in its chargesheet.\"The agency has not arrived at any loss figures in the 2G scam,\" Singh said, adding that the Rs 30,000 crore mentioned in the CBI chargesheet was \"just a notional figure that could have been the price of the spectrum\".While the figure is notional, it gives an estimate of the likely cost of spectrum, he said. The 2G airwaves netted around Rs 10,000 crore in 2008 at the 2001 rate of Rs 1,658 crore per licence.The CBI chief's statement comes amid the ongoing controversy over former CAG official R P Singh's allegation that he did not agree with the audit report on 2G spectrum allocation pegging the notional loss at a maximum of Rs 1.76 lakh crore.Congress and government have cited Singh's claim and poor returns from the recent auction of 2G spectrum to claim that the Opposition's campaign against the scam is ill-founded and politically motivated.The CBI chief's remarks may give the government some more talking points even though the agency's case is that illegal gains were made. A good part of the agency's argument rests on the sale of licenses without any effort to discover the price in 2008.\"I would say 2G definitely,\" Singh said, when asked of his biggest cases. He explained it was a complex case that was also monitored by Supreme Court. Asked why the agency arrested only a few persons such as A Raja and Shahid Balwa, and left out senior executives of some telecom companies, he explained, \"we don't have a policy of arresting everybody\", besides Raja and Balwa were not cooperating during investigation.Singh, during whose tenure saw several major scandals like 2G, Adarsh, Tatra, Commonwealth Games , coal block allocation being investigated by the agency, was speaking at the CBI headquarters. Ranjit Sinha, a 1974 batch IPS officer, will take over as the next CBI director.About the loss figures given in its 2G chargesheet, the CBI director said that they had arrived at Rs 30,000 crore as 3.5 times of the indexed price of 2001. \"But we had not termed it as loss. It was a notional figure that this could have been the price,\" Singh said.While taking charge two years ago Singh had said that the agency would not hesitate to take action against anybody, howsoever powerful they are, if evidence emerges. He had also assumed charge promising transparency in the functioning of the CBI.\"These comments were made in the backdrop of the impending actions in 2G, Adarsh and CWG cases against the high-profile accused. In the two years that followed, we have by and large, tried to keep these commitments,\" Singh said.Recalling the role played by Suresh Kumar Palsania, who oversaw the 2G investigation and passed away recently, Singh lauded the DIG for his supervision of the case. Palsania's death a month ago due to a serious illness was a big shock to the CBI and also to the 2G investigation and trial, he said.When TOI asked him about the developments in Aircel-Maxis deal case, involving former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran , he said, \"We are waiting for the reply to Letter Rogatory\". About the delay in LRs, which he counted among one of the CBI's constraints, Singh said, \"There are close to 250 judicial requests Letters Rogatory pending in various countries and we have now proposed to post three of our DIG- level officials (liaison officers) at the Indian missions in London , New York and Dubai for pursuing speedy execution of Letters Rogatory.\"He added, \"The UK, the US and the UAE have agreed in-principle to the idea and the steps for the same may be finalized soon. Interactions with US authorities have revealed that large number of such requests remain pending with them and requires initiative from the agency to pursue such requests for information about crimes. Execution of Letters Rogatory remains one of the major hurdles in concluding a case\".Singh said there are several cases involving arms dealers and defence deals under probe, which require comprehensive investigation including execution of LRs. Several cases including those related to 2G scam, Tatra-BEML, Aircel-Maxis, Satyam fraud, arms-dealer Abhishek Verma are pending because of execution of LRs is pending with various countries, he said. The probe agency has sent its teams to tax havens like Isle of Man, Mauritius besides countries like the US, Malaysia , South Africa and the UK to press for quick disposal of Letters Rogatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394025", "title": "Supreme Court caution on another 2G auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said the Union government's reported plan to hold a second round of auction for leftover 2G spectrum in March next year could lead to complications and sought to know the basis for holding back spectrum from the November 12 auction.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan said, \"We have seen reports in media that the government is planning to hold a second round of auction for spectrum in March next year. Media reports could be wrong. But if it is true, then that will also lead to some complication.\"After the tepid response to the auction of spectrum available after cancellation of 122 licences in 22 telecom circles, the government in its affidavit admitted that it had held back some spectrum from bidding. The apex court had observed that \"if even 0.1% of spectrum was held back, it will amount to violation of the February 2 judgment\".The court also wanted to know from telecom companies, which continued services till November despite cancellation of licences in February because of postponement of auction, why they be not asked to pay for this period at the rate fixed by the government prior to auction. It posted the matter for further hearing on December 5.On the mode and manner of November 12 auction, department of telecom's counsel, senior advocate P P Rao, sought permission from the court to make a presentation in court. \"Power point presentation will be a great help to understand the process leading to auction and the result thereof,\" he said.Making no secret of its reservations on a power point presentation through slide show in the court room, the bench said, \"We can understand from the judgment and not from power point presentation. We are concerned only about whether the directions in the February 2 judgment for spectrum available after cancellation of the licences, which were allotted on January 10, 2008, were auctioned.\"Rao did not press further for the presentation but said he was ready to explain the process adopted by the government after obtaining recommendations from the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) as per the mandate of the February 2 judgment.But the court wanted to know why it was kept in the dark till November, despite repeated requests made by DoT for extension of the four-month auction deadline fixed in the February 2 judgment.\"It was never brought to the notice of the court. Fairness demanded that the concerned officials should have informed the court that this is the amount of spectrum being put for auction. We may have permitted. But how did the officers decide and take on themselves to decide they will auction some and keep back some,\" it said.Appearing for petitioner NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation', advocate Prashant Bhushan gave possible reasons for the lukewarm response to spectrum auction. He also drew the court's attention to the determined effort of the government to use the failed auction to discredit the Comptroller and Auditor General which had estimated notional loss because of 2G spectrum scam at Rs 1.76 lakh.The bench said, \"We are not concerned by what Union government thinks or not. We will go by the law and larger public interest.\" At the same time, it wanted CBI, Enforcement Directorate and the income tax department to expedite the probe into alleged spectrum allocation irregularities prior to 2008 and asked the investigating officers of these three agencies to hold coordination meetings every fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17395853", "title": "For Puliyoor residents, LTTE is a living presence", "text": "COIMBATORE: On Tuesday late evening, over 400 people including 100 women and children, gathered at Puliyoor, a non-descript village in Salem district, and lit candles to remember the fallen heroes of a war fought across the seas.The LTTE has been wiped out from Sri Lanka, but the Tigers are a living presence for the villagers here. At Ponnammaan Memorial Bus Shelter at Puliyoor Pirivu here, men, women and children from Puliyoor, Mettur Dam, Kolathur and surrounding villages stood in a line, with candles in hand, as they have been doing for the past 21 years, to remember Tamils who died fighting Sri Lankan army during the three decades of ethnic strife. They sang songs in praise of the heroes and for the Eelam.November 26 is the birthday of Velupillai Prabhakaran. LTTE used to commemorate the day after as Heroes Day, when the outfit led by its leader would pay homage to its dead cadres. It's that tradition Puliyoor too adopted. \"The (LTTE) cadres fought for the rights and died for the Sri Lankan Tamils. We salute them for their sacrifice,\" said S Kanagarathinam, 37, a resident of Mettur Dam, who attended the Heroes Day event with her husband, Mullaivendan.The village's tryst with Eelam began when a training camp for the LTTE was set up in the village in 1983. For three years, over 800 cadres were trained by Lt Col Ponnammaan of the LTTE at the camp. \"In January 1983, over 130 cadres of LTTE got training in Kumbarapatti village. The training was given by Ponnamman. The public of Kumbarapatti, Kolathur and surrounding areas gave rice and cereals to them. The cadres mingled with the public and explained the situation of Sri Lankan Tamils. The training was held at my farm and I spent most of the days with them. The name of the village was changed to Puliyoor (the village of Tigers) after the training camp,\" said P S Palanisamy, a resident of Puliyoor. The bus shelter in the village is named after Ponnamman.Three batches of cadres got trained in Puliyoor from 1983 to 1985 and most of them were killed in the war, according to the villagers. \"I used to buy food materials for LLTE cadres and I spent three years with them. I met Prabhakaran when he visited the camp. Prabhakaran met the public who helped their cadres and thanked them. He came to Puliyoor after the cadres completed their training and saw them off to the battle field from the village,\" said A Balasubramaniam of Kolathur.Balasubramaniam named his son Thambi Prabhakaran as he had \"great regard\" for the man and his ideals. Thambi is now 20. There are many others in his age group who carry names that recall LTTE leaders who were killed in the war.Prabhakaran and Eelam are not part of history for these villagers. In fact, many of the villagers believe that the LTTE supremo is still alive and could re-launch the war anytime. \"We believe that Prabhakaran is alive and he will appear before the world soon. We hope the fight against Sri Lankan army will begin soon,\" said Palanisamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17397010", "title": "6 bank robbers loot Rs 4.40 lakh in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: In a daylight bank loot, six armed bank robbers looted Rs 4.40 lakh from Vananchal Grahmin Bank of Tandawa branch at 1pm here on Tuesday.The unidentified bike-borne bank robbers carried bags on their back. They packed the looted cash into the same bags. They also looted the cell phone of a junior engineer of education department who was present at the scene.On receiving information avoid the loot, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S rushed to the bank and took stock of the situation. Regional manager of Vananchal Grahmin Bank, Mirdul Kumar Sinha too reached the bank. \"All the criminals who have been involved in the cash loot from the bank will soon be caught,\" said the SP.The branch manager Shyam Sundar Prasad Gupta said among the looters, two at first entered the bank with pistols in their hands. They ordered him to bring out the cash from the locker. Others were at the main gate keeping a watch on the bank guard. \"Around seven-eight customers were present in the bank when the incident took place,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395151", "title": "Trade fair downs curtains: High turnout but low sales", "text": "NEW DELHI: As curtains fell on the India International Trade Fair, spirits swung between joy and gloom among traders, many of whom would go home with most of their ware.With markets down and purchasing power limited, the exhibitors found sales below expectations despite the rush.\"There were hardly any customers this time,\" Zaheer Ahmad Ansari from Lucknow said. \"I brought with me five bundles of chikan suit-pieces. I took home two last year, but this year I am taking back four bundles.\" Ansari said each bundle has about 100 pieces.Rahima Khatoon, who sold patchwork items at the Odisha pavilion, echoed his sentiments. She had hoped sales would pick up during the weekend but they did not. \"There was a great rush, but it did not translate into big sales,\" she said. On Sunday, the trade fair reported a record footfall of about 1,30,000 visitors. The overall footfall has been pegged at 15 lakh. However, all was not gloomy for the traders.While their daily sales remained low, they were glad that the bulk business transactions were unaffected and, in some cases, overshot expectations.Josephine, who had a handloom stall at Mizoram pavilion, said her daily sales remained unchanged from last year. \"But this year we ended up attracting designers who wanted to place bulk orders for our hand-woven garments,\" she said. One of her customers was a designer from New York who took away samples of the cloth.The data by India Trade Promotion Organisation says the fair saw 8,000 business visitors on the first five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17395229", "title": "Cavelossim panchayat to blame for losses: Gram sabha", "text": "MARGAO: Locals who have been regularly attending gram sabhas of Cavelossim panchayat criticized the panchayat body both past and present for its inaction in implementing gram sabha resolutions causing heavy loss of revenue to the panchayat.The gram sabha members even pointed out that the recently held gram sabha last Sunday should have been held in the month of October as per provisions of law and after much delay it was finally organized on November 25.In a statement issued on Tuesday, the gram sabha members raised several issues starting with pointing out that the panchayat body had failed to collect payments due to them from certain units who were carrying out construction of fishing trawlers and boat repairs for the last seven years and to check if their activities were legal or not.The gram sabha members also promised to follow up on the resolution passed unanimously at Sunday's gram sabha where they opposed a recently-opened nightclub in the premises of a starred hotel in Cavelossim and further pointed out that the NOC from the panchayat was required for such activity.Benaulim MLA Caitu D'Silva has also asked the Cavelossim panchayat to seek legal opinion on the question if the body can stop the club from operating in the village.\"We had obtained the necessary clearances when we opened ( the hotel ) last year and as far as the nightclub is concerned, we are totally within the purview of law and are not doing anything wrong. They can seek legal opinion if they want to,\" said Varun Albuquerque, who is running the nightclub.On a different note, the gram sabha members rued the fact they were no given satisfactory answers from the panchayat on the issue of garbage management in the village.They complained of encroachments on the part of certain hotels which had to led to insufficient parking space and on a similar note suggested that the panchayat come out with a policy to help the local taxi operators at the time of issuing licenses to the hoteliers.The gram sabha members said that the panchayat had failed to act despite them raising the issue regarding roads shown on beaches in the approved plans of all the hotels on several occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17393511", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSalmans\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKareenas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 are tricks of this trade", "text": "UJJAIN: The bank of Kshipra is heaving with Salmans, Shah Rukhs, Katrinas and Ranis. No, there isn't an entertainment carnival, but the annual donkey fair being held on the banks of the river. To woo buyers, many donkeys are christened after famous Bollywood stars. The fair that started on Saturday will conclude on Wednesday. While animal haats are common, Ujjain is the only place where animals are labeled with names inscribed on their backs.Kishanlal Prajapat, who came to sell 12 donkeys, said naming an animal after a film actor indicates that it has a higher value. They become our best sellers, he added.Interestingly, a merchant, who named his cattle after Suresh Kalmadi , explained that this horse is adept at defeating others in a way similar to Kalmadi who defeated others in corruption.Similarly, Radheshyam Prajapat, who travelled from Maharashtra to buy donkeys, said, \"Animals in Ujjain fair are traded at reasonable rates so they prefer to come here.\"Donkeys are traded in the price range between Rs 4,000 and Rs 20,000, whereas horses are priced at Rs 40,000. One horse is even priced at Rs 90,000. It was yet to be sold.The worth of donkey or a horse is evaluated from their teeth. The lesser the number of teeth, the lesser the age and higher the price.Over a thousand donkeys and horses are traded in the fair. The traders assemble at the spot from places as far as 300 km", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394756", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNo engineering subject can be taught in 20 days\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NAGPUR: AICTE chief S S Mantha on Tuesday made it clear that syllabus of any engineering branch needs at least 90 days to complete and it can't be done in just 30 days. In view of Nagpur University diktat to engineering colleges to complete syllabus 20 days flat, he stated AICTE had made it clear in 'Appendix 20' of academic calendar that the teaching period should of at least 90 days for a semester.\"The universities are expected to follow the rules and AICTE can always ask for an explanation if they don't,\" he said indirectly confirming that NU was flouting rules. Mantha confirmed receiving complaint of senior academician and former senate member Dhananjay Mandlekar in this regard and AICTE had started an enquiry. \"It's a long process. Our grievance cell first will first study the contents and a retired judge will inquire into it. If any substance is found, NU will be issued a show-cause notice,\" he explained.The AICTE chief however said apex body itself was unable to take any action against NU. \"The universities are governed as per UGC norms and controlled by the government. They are also autonomous bodies and media should seek explanation from them. Universities don't fall under AICTE's jurisdiction and we, therefore, can't cross the line,\" he clarified.In reply to a query on raids conducted by CBI on many colleges in India for flouting norms, including three from city, he stated that AICTE had taken action against 50 of them.In his letter, Mandlekar complained about blatant flouting of rules by NU. He had attached TOI reports while demanding a high level probe and subsequent action on NU officials including VC Vilas Sapkal for breaching norms to allegedly favour private engineering colleges. Citing Ordinance No 6, Mandlekar alleged that the VC's decision to allow students who can't complete mandatory 75% attendance was also a violation and would pave a way for making false ratification of students admitted illegally by the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394146", "title": "Show cause to be served on Gandhi Medical College doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: The directorate of medical education (DME) will be issuing show cause notices to doctors at the state capital's Gandhi Medical College (GMC) who were involved in unethical clinical drug trials.A complaint to the minister for medical education last week had alleged that some doctors bypassed institutional ethics in drug trials at the GMC during 2008-09.\"Notices to the doctors of GMC who conducted the clinical drug trials would be issued,\" said DME joint director Dr N M Shrivastava. Between the year 2008-09 some 80 patients were involved in clinical drug trials at the GMC.On Saturday, Dr Anand Rai in a letter had has asked the state government to make public the copies of informed consent form, patient information sheet and clinical trial liability insurance of all 80 patients on whom clinical drug trials were conducted. \"Most of the patients deprived of their right, while the doctors made huge sums of money including sponsored foreign trips. The trials were unethical,\" said Dr Rai.Show cause useless: WhistleblowerSome 30 doctors who have gone on foreign tours sponsored by pharma companies have been asked to explain details of their foreign trips.\"MPMC has issued notices executing the request of the MCI. We have asked the doctors to submit details about their foreign trips undertaken during the period the drug trials were on-going,\" said MPMC registrar Dr CM Tripathi.However, whistle-blower Dr Anand Rai termed the MPMC notice as useless. \"A report tabled in the state assembly already lists the details about which MPMC has again asked the doctors to explain. It is a delaying tactic,\" said Dr Rai. \"MPMC is headed by the director of medical services who could have provided the information to MCI directly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17395139", "title": "3 thefts later, accused held in Quepem", "text": "QUEPEM: The police on Tuesday arrested Rajesh Dessai along with his minor accomplice in connection with three theft cases and recovered goods worth 8 lakh from them.PI Santosh Dessai said that two days ago, the duo tried to break into Martin Bar at Paroda, Quepem, but their attempt was foiled by alert locals who saw them climbing a coconut tree to enter into the bar.Upon receiving a complaint, the Quepem police inspected the site and found blood stains on the tree, which had blades embedded in it. The police then visited local doctors and primary health centres from Quepem and Curchorem in search of a patient with a cut and stumbled upon the minor at the Curchorem primary health centre.The minor confessed to the police that Dessai, a resident of Amona, had asked him to accompany him during their robbery attempts.The PI told TOI that the duo was involved in three major robberies that had taken place at Quepem a few days ago where two houses were robbed at Karalli, Quepem and one at Guddear, Amona, and gold ornaments were stolen.Among the items recovered were gold ornaments amounting to 8 lakh, two LCD and two DVD players, torches, a perfume bottle, a fan, beds and show pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17396334", "title": "Danger lurks on unmanned stretch of old Pune-Bangalore road", "text": "HUBLI:The sound of screeching tyres on roads followed by an occasional thud is not uncommon for students of various colleges on Old Pune-Bangalore road in Vidyanagar. The area has nearly 10 educational institutions and students are forced to risk their lives on the unmanned stretch, which has, of late turned out to be a death trap.Every day, hundreds of students cross this road to reach their campuses. With no speed breakers and zebra crossings and personnel to man traffic, road accidents have become so common here.Despite many pleas, the authorities have not taken any step to ensure safety of road users.Empty promises The police department has earlier promised to erect speed breakers and mark zebra crossing to restrict the speed of vehicles passing through this stretch, but nothing has been materialized, said students Vinay M and Rajesh Patil.Two months ago, a student from Bihar died on the spot while crossing the road near PC Jabin College. Minor accidents, involving students, are common in the morning and evening hours when students come out of the classes. \"We cross the road every day with fear. Speeding vehicles coming from both sides are posing a threat to the lives of pedestrians and motorists alike. The long stretch near the colleges should be manned properly,\" Devika Vastrad, student of J G Commerce College, said.K T Patil, secretary of the Mahila Vidya Peetha, said they have requested the police department to deploy at least a traffic person near the college to ensure the safety of students. \"No action has been taken so for. A sub-way should be constructed near the colleges to help students crossing the road without any hassle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17397622", "title": "Two killed in road accident", "text": "RAIPUR: Two motorbike-borne youth were killed and one severely injured in a road accident when a truck knocked them down on the Mohaba bazaar over-bridge on Monday night.The youths identified as Devendra Mandavi and Fanis Netam belonged to Sukma district and Bhanupratappur respectively. The incident took place at around 11 pm when they were returning on their respective bikes from the Atif Aslam concert held at Science College ground on Monday night.They were on their way to the rented house at Kabir Nagar, when the truck hit their bikes from behind. The slam was so sudden that both the bike riders lost their balance and came under the truck's wheels. Both of them died on spot while one of their unidentified friends sustained grave injuries. All the three were immediatelyrushed to the hospital where the two bike riders were declared brought dead.The one injured, was admitted to Dr B R Ambedkar hospital. The deceased's family was informed and they have reached the capital on Tuesday morning. The family informed that Devendra had recently completed his B Tech and was preparing for the scheduled interviews while Fanis was a BSc 2nd year student. Amanaka police has registered a case against the truck driver, who is at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396281", "title": "Dakshina Kannada district administration dilly-dallying on Ambedkar Bhavan", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district administration is dilly-dallying on having an Ambedkar Bhavan in the district.The district administration, which had earmarked 1.6 acres in Derebail ward near Urwa Store to construct the Ambedkar Bhavan when Subodh Yadav was the deputy commissioner, however, has not made any progress from there. There is also a move to develop Radio Park existing on the allocated land.District convener of Karnataka Dalitha Sangharsha Samithi D Krishnananda told TOI that people with vested interests are putting pressure on the district administration to shift the location. \"Subodh Yadav had sanctioned the land bearing survey number 178/1. However, there has been no further move from the authorities to construct the Bhavan. It will be an insult to a towering personality like Dr B R Ambedkar, if the administration or Mangalore City Corporation denies the land near Urwa Stores,\" he said.\"Representatives of various dalit organizations have already met deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda to discuss the issue. We have decided to launch a protest if the district administration decides to shift the site under political pressure,\" he added.Earlier, CM Jagadish Shettar during his maiden visit to the city had laid the foundation stone for the bhavan at a function held in Mangalore City Corporation meeting hall.Deputy commissioner Channappa Gowda said that a decision on the issue will be taken only after holding discussionss with dalit leaders. \"I have decided to convene a meeting of all dalit leaders to discuss about the issue. We will seek suggestions from them and a decision will be taken only after the meeting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394523", "title": "Panel discusses relevance of Khwaja Gharib Nawaz at United Nations headquarters", "text": "JAIPUR: The teachings of 12th century Sufi saint Khwaja Gharib Nawaz are timeless and commemorating his 800th annual Urs (death ceremony) at United Nations headquarters is relevant, observed the UN during a panel discussion. The theme of the panel was 'Relevance of teachings of Khwaja Gharib Nawaz in the contemporary period' held at UN headquarters on Monday. The discussion was a part of series on 'Unlearning Intolerance.'The discussion was a soothing experience for everyone ambassadors, dignitaries and participants who came after weeks of tireless deliberations to bring truce between Palestinians and Israel. The session turned poetic as most of the 30 participants and representatives from different countries read out poems by Sufis -- Khwaja Gharib Nawaz, Mewlana Rumi, Hazrat Nizamuddin and Hazrat Amir Khusro to name a few.The session began with Hardeep Singh Puri, United Nations Security Council president and permanent representative of India at UN. Puri said, \"The misguided ideologies and fault line have caused devastations. The need is to unlearn tolerance by imbibing teachings of Sufis and saints.\" The celebration was organized by United Nations Academic Impact in association with Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations.Another speaker, noted writer and physician Deepak Chopra shared his connection with Sufism. He said, \"I was born and brought up in Delhi. My father's keen interest in Urdu drew me into the alleys of Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya's shrine.\" He gave a mantra to curb intolerance and said, \"Improve the capacity of your enemies to be happy by giving them attention and appreciation. Every day I make two people on Twitter happy and vice-versa. It goes viral, spreading happiness.\"Syed Salman Chishty, a khadim and founder of Chishty Foundation threw light on the teachings of Khwaja Gharib Nawaz and said, \"Best people are those who are useful to others. Khwaja came to India from a foreign land and spread the Islamic tenet of Sule-e-Kul (peace to all) and embraced the people who were denounced by their own people... that is how he got the title of Gharib Nawaz (patron of the poor).The discussion was followed by a musical concert of qawwalis by shahi qawwals of Ajmer in a jam-packed hall. It left the delegates and ambassadors of several countries mesmerized to hear the tunes dates back to the period of Hazrat Amir Khusro.Mubin the group's leader began the session with 'hamd' (a form of praising Allah) followed by a very popular qawwali 'Ali Maula'. The group also presented Sufi kalams in Persian and Brij language.EomJaipur: The teachings of 12th century Sufi Khawaja Gharieb Nawaz, Ajmer are timeless and commemorating his 800th annual URS or death ceremony at United Nations headquarters is very timely and relevant, observed United Nations during the panel discussion on theme 'The relevance of the teachings of Khwaja Gharib Nawaz in the contemporary period' held at UN headquarters on Monday. The discussion was part of their series on 'Unlearning Intolerance.'The discussion was a soothing experience for ambassadors, dignitaries and participants which came after weeks of tireless deliberations to bring truce between Palestinians and Israel. The session turned poetic as most of the 30 participants representatives from different countries read out poems of sufis --- Khwaja Gharib Nawaz, Mewlana Rumi, Hazrat Nizamuddin and Hazrat Amir Khushro among many other Sufis.The session was kicked-off by United Nations, Security Council president Hardeep Singh Puri, and permanent representative of India at UN who said, \"The misguided ideologies and fault line have had caused devastations. The need is to unlearn tolerance by imbibing teachings of Sufis and Saints.\" The celebration was oarganised by United Nations Academic Impact in association with Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations.Another speaker, noted writer and physician Dr Deepak Chopra shared his connection with Sufism said, \"I was born and brought in Delhi. My father's keen interest in Urdu had drawn me into the alleys of Hazrat Nizamudding Auliya shrine.\" He gave a mantra to curb intolerance from the world said, \"Improve the capacity of your enemies to be happy by giving them attention and appreciation. Every day I make two people on Twitter happy and vice versa it goes viral spreading happiness.Syed Salman Chisthy, a Khadim and founder of Chishty Foundation thrown light on the teachings of Khwaja Gharib Nawaz said, \"Best people are those who are useful to others....Khwaja came to India from a foreign land and spread the Islamic tenet of Sule-e-Kul (peace to all) and embraced the people who were denounced by own people.....that how he got the title Gharib Nawaz (Patron of the Poors).The discussion was followed by a Musical Concert 'Quwallis by Shahi Quwalls of Ajmer in a jam packed hall. It left delegates and ambassadors of several countries mesmerized to hear the tunes dates back to the period of Hazrat Amir Khusro. Mubin the leader of the troupe began the session with Hand praising Allah followed by a very popular Quwalli 'Ali Maula.....followed by Sufi Kalams in Persian and Brij language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394848", "title": "Reliance Power gets green nod for 3rd Sasan coal block", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Power has received Stage 1 forest clearance for Chhatrasal coal bock, the third mine allotted for captive use of the 4,000-mw Sasan ultra-mega power project being set up by the company in Madhya Pradesh.The block was allotted to the Sasan project in 2006. It is estimated to have coal reserves of about 160 million tonne and a peak production capacity of 5 million tonne per annum.The Sasan project has been allotted two other captive mines, Moher and Moher Amlohri extension. The company has started mining in these blocks. The first 660 MW unit of the power project is to be commissioned by January.The clearance for Chhatrasal block came on the back of suggestions by an expert committee set up by the environment ministry to look into clearances for certain coal blocks.The Group of Ministers (GoM) constituted to consider the environmental and development issues relating to coal mining in May accepted the expert panel's views and recommended clearance to Chhatrasal with certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393818", "title": "Sudhanshu, Anshul tons boost Parle Tilak in Harris Shield", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudhanshu Datar and Anshul Kher hit quickfire tons as Parle Tilak (Vile Parle) piled up 378 for 7 against Oxford Public School (Kandivali), on the first day of their Harris Shield Elite Group clash, on Tuesday.In another match, Shams Mulani's 5-wicket haul helped Don Bosco (Matunga) bowl out Shardashram Vidyamandir Eng (Dadar) for 152. The Matunga boys were 160 for 5 in reply with Bhupen Lalwani leading the way with 73.Brief scores: IES VN Sule Guruji (Dadar) 272-6 vs Anjuman Islam; Shardashram Vidyamandir Eng (Dadar) 152 (Jangli Rahul 41; Shams Mulani 5/49) vs Don Bosco (Matunga) 160-5 (Lalwani Bhupen 73; Abhishek Hatkar 3/64); Swami Vivekanand (Kandivali) 172 (Sheth Umang 67; Raees Khan 3/53, Deepak Gupta 3/43) vs Anjuman Islam (Urdu) 82-3; Parle Tilak (Vile Parle) 378-7 (Sudhanshu Datar 104, Anshul Kher 112, Varun Lavande 50) vs Oxford Public (Kandivali); IES Raja Shivaji (Dadar) 158 (Chinmay Patil 41, Soham Kulkarni 60; Rohan Bhosale 3/40) vs Shardashram Vidyamandir Boys (Dadar) 124-7 (Rohan Bhosale 106*).Cricket selection trials: The Aditya Birla Youth Cricket Academy has been conducting selection trials to train boys at their academy at Parsee Gymkhana, Marine Lines. The trials for U-16 (born after Sept 1, 1996) will be held on Nov 30 (7-10 am &amp; 2.30-5.30 PM) and Dec 1 (7-10 am).Boys have to come in cricket gear and with their kit. They also need to fill the enrolment form and as age proof enclose any 2 attested photocopies of passport/birth certificate/bonafide school certificate/ ration card.The selection team is headed by former India asst coach Lalchand Rajput. For details contact Omkar Salvi (9869243367)/Milind Tamhane (9619460066).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396565", "title": "Industrialist, 3 others convicted for murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: A local court has convicted city based industrialist Anil Jain and three others in the high-profile murder case of businesswoman Reema Jain.Additional sessions judge S S Panesar, issued the orders against Jain, brother-in-law of the victim, and three others on Monday. Others convicted included Jasbir Singh alias Neelu of Narangwal village, Kuldeep Singh of Mandiani village and Tarsem Singh alias Bonni of Kotman village in Jagraon. The court is expected to pronounce the quantum of sentence on December 3.Though the relatives of the deceased hailed the ruling, they sought stringent punishment for the accused.On July 30, 2005, 39-year-old Reema, a resident of Mall Road, disappeared mysteriously. She had gone for a swim at Satluj Club. Following a complaint by her son Bhanu Pratap Singh, a case of kidnapping and murder was registered on July 31.During investigation, police recovered her car from Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi on August 16. The trail led cops to Anil alias Mickey, brother-in-law of the accused, who was eyeing her property. Initially, the police could neither find the body of the victim nor apprehend others hired for the kidnapping and murder.A chargesheet was filed in court, with Anil as the key accused on December 5, 2005.On February 16, 2006 the three accused, who were planning a dacoity, were arrested. During interrogation, the accused confessed that Anil hired them to kill Reema. Anil, who was already in jail, was brought on production warrant.After his confession, Reema's remains were recovered from the septic tank of the factory of the accused near Sherpur Chowk. The remains were sent to the Government Medical College and Hospital, Amritsar for postmortem. Samples were also sent to CFSL Chandigarh DNA profile of deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17396434", "title": "Ganga needs protection: Governor", "text": "VARANASI: Governor BL Joshi highlighting the importance of Ganga expressed his concern on increasing pollution of the holy river. \"Ganga needs protection and conservation, and if immediate and proper measures are not taken, the existence of Ganga may get threatened,\" said Governor while speaking at the closing ceremony of the 18th Ganga Mahotsav (November 24 to November 27) held at Rajendra Prasad ghat on Tuesday evening.Apart from the need of saving the river at government level, it is necessary that local people should also understand their responsibilities towards the river, he further added.Meanwhile, divisional commissioner, CK Tiwari, highlighted various cultural and sporting events held during the four-day festivity. The cultural extravaganza concluded on a high note after the enthralling performances of various artists on Tuesday. Padma Bhushan, Pandit Chhannulal Mishra who welcomed the audience and guests with his mesmerizing voice enthralled the audience with a number of songs dedicated to Ganga.Interestingly, mahotsav witnessed a number of classical and semi-classical artists of national fame including Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt, Bhajan Sapori, Ratan Mohan Sharma, group of students from faculty of Performing Arts, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and flock of local folk artists at Rajendra Prasad ghat from November 24 to November 27. Meanwhile, several traditional sporting events including Ganga marathon (from Sant Ravidas ghat to Dashaswamedh ghat), kushti (Asi ghat), boat race, gada, jodi, malkham were also organised promoting the folk sports during the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396109", "title": "Cops crying out for help", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Police feel alienated from society. This rather stark revelation has emerged from a study carried out by a bureaucrat of Gujarat. Dinesh Kapadia, director of Gender Resource Center in Ahmedabad, completed his PhD in 2011 with the thesis titled 'Study of the Constabulary in Gujarat: Socio-Economic Profile of Working and Living Conditions.'Kapadia, an ayurvedic doctor by training and deputy secretary with the state government, interviewed nearly a thousand police constables from all seven ranges of the state police along with higher ranked officials and IPS officers. After three years of research, he received his PhD from the sociology department of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University.Among other questions, Kapadia examined what it meant to be a policeman in Gujarat. At a time when talk of malpractices, violation of human rights, and strained relationship between police and public are rife, the study has thrown up some interesting facts. They include viewpoints of the men in khaki on their public image and their role in society.\"What drove me to engage in this study was the primary question - despite being considered an integral part of our society, why are police not trusted by common citizens?\" Kapadia said. \"For the general public, going to a police station is an ordeal and a common perception of a policeman is that of a man taking 'hafta,' who is foul-mouthed, and is high on power. I then decided to study the factors and talk to the men directly to understand their perspective.\"So did the study yield any surprises? \"For starters, only 60 per cent of the constables interviewed said that citizens see police as part of society,\" Kapadia said. \"Second, the force is short-staffed and that is the root of many problems - including long duty hours, duty at odd hours, health hazards, and poor public relations.\" Third, a common grouse related to housing facilities and paltry pay, Kapadia said. \"While over the years the housing situation has improved, maintenance is still an issue,\" he said. \"Constables confessed that they cannot provide better education to their kids nor can they pursue further studies.\"As a government official who also worked with the state home department, Kapadia has not lost hope. \"A number of issues including personnel-officer relationship, training and human resource development, improving the living conditions, sensitizing them to gender issues and devising a plan to integrate them into society need to be addressed by administrators,\" he said. \"I have seen some brilliant examples of men in khaki and thus I am optimistic that they can do better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17393899", "title": "18-year-old killed in accident", "text": "AURANGABAD: An 18-year-old class 12 student, Halim Chaus Aslam Chaus of Aref Colony, died during treatment at the Government Medical College and Hospital, after an unidentified car hit the two-wheeler he was riding on Daulatabad Road near Shelke Mama Dhaba, 12 km from here on Sunday around 2 pm.The deceased along with his friends, Saeed Chaus Salhe Chaus and Mohammed Juned Mohammed Jawed, both residents of Aref Colony, had gone to Daulatabad on a leisure trip on Sunday afternoon, said investigation officer and sub-inspector Santosh Jadhav.Near Shelke Mama Dhaba, a speeding car hit their two-wheeler from behind, due to which the trio lost their balance, added Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17394517", "title": "Murder in GJU: Girls stage protest, demand security", "text": "HISAR: A day after a student was hacked to death in full public view on the campus of Guru Jambheshwar University of Science &amp; Technology, girls staged a protest demanding security on the campus.Geetika Mehta, 20, a student of BTech (computer science) and a resident of Faridabad, was allegedly killed by Pradeep Nain, 21, a BTech (mechanical) student and a resident of Hisar. According to police, Pardeep, who was remanded to two-day police custody on Tuesday, allegedly killed Geetika for rejecting his friendship proposal.The protesting girl students also blocked the main gate of the institute and raised slogans against the varsity authorities. They said this was the second murder on the campus and the university has failed to take any steps to beef up the security. Varsha Yadav, 18, another student, was stabbed to death at the same place by an outsider in August.The students also handed over a memorandum of demands to the university registrar. \"Our main demands include deployment of women police personnel on the campus, a 24-hour helpline, ambulance near the shopping complex and the entry of only I-card holders,\" said a student. Registrar R S Jaglan, said, \"All demands of the students will be accepted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394246", "title": "Choithram students excel in national Green-I contest", "text": "INDORE: Choithram School, Manik Bagh, was adjudged second in the Green-I Contest for school children organized jointly by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Indian Green Building Council (IGBC), Young Indians (Yi), United Technologies Corporation and Carrier as part of the national-level initiative to create environmental awareness, encourage green practices within community and help reduce community's impact on the environment. A total of 100 schools competed in the national level contest in the regional round wherein Choithram School was one of the five schools all over the country selected for the final round that took place at the Hyderabad International Convention Centre. The teams presented their innovative ideas in front of a select national panel of judges comprising chairman, Indian Green Building Council, Prem C Jain, United Technologies V Balakrishnan, state director WWF Farida Tampal and architectural professor Vinod Ganesh. Students demonstrated how they would utilize the Green-I grant towards these initiatives to effect environmental change in their neighbourhood. The seven students of Class XII who were a part of this endeavour were: Jayesh Balani, Priyesh Sawlani, Ajinkya Mujumdar, Khushboo Kashyap, Janhavi Manjrekar, Vallaki Patni and Isha Joshi.SICA School: SICA SS School organized its annual exhibition here on Tuesday. The exhibition was categorized in different sections including science, maths, computer, commerce, art and craft, biology, biotech, social science and languages. Students displayed their latest creativity through their exhibits. The best exhibits were given prizes. One of the SICA trustees S R Venkatesh inaugurated the exhibition, while the principal Madhukar Pawar welcomed him. The chief guest emphasized the need to develop scientific ability among the students. SICA chairman K Srinivasan, managing trustee P Babuji, treasurer trustee V Ganesan, trustee Kartik Shastri, pre-primary convenor K Narayan Iyer, association secretary Padmini Khajanchi and secretary to the trust S M Iyer appreciated the spirit and innovative ways of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17394436", "title": "14-year-old booked for raping 4-year-old", "text": "PANIPAT: Police have registered a case against a 14-year-old boy of Class VII for allegedly raping a four-year-old girl in Dahar village in Israna block of Panipat district, on late Monday evening. The matter came to light on Tuesday after the girl's parents reported it to police which registered a case against the boy and sent him to Bal Sudhar Ghar.According to Israna SHO Jitender Kumar, the girl's father filed a complaint with the police alleging that his daughter was raped by the boy who resided in their neighbourhood.The parents stated that girl was on her way to her grandmother's house, who lived in their vicinity, when the boy took her to his house and raped her on Monday evening.The SHO said the police had recorded the statements of the parents and some of the neighbours and after conducting preliminary inquiry, they had registered a case under Section 376 of the IPC against the juvenile. He said that samples of the girl had been collected and would be sent for examination to the forensic laboratory in Madhuban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395554", "title": "Minor domestic help rescued", "text": "GURGAON: A 12-year-old girl, who was working as a domestic help, was rescued by DLF-II police. Unable to bear her hardship at her workplace, she reached the DLF security office around 11.30pm on Monday night.The city police have lodged an FIR against a resident of DLF-II and employer of victim girl under the child labour and Juvenile Justice Act. The accused has also alleged that she was beaten up and kept in a locked room. The victim girl has been sent to a shelter house and a medical examination will be conducted on her on Wednesday.On late on Monday night the police team found the girl weeping near the DLF security office.The 12-year-old girl said she was working as a domestic help for two years in the house of Charanjeet, a resident of Aakashneem Marg in DLF phase-II. She is a native of Assam. The victim said the house owner took care of her in early period but after sometime they started keeping her in a locked room and used to beat her up everyday. She alleged that the house owner did not let her talk to her mother. On Monday, she managed to flee from the house.\"On the statement of minor victim, we have lodged an FIR against Charanjeet. We have also informed an NGO who will take care of the minor. We will arrest the accused soon\", said inspector Jagdish Prashad, SHO, DLF-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396279", "title": "Awareness drive against lung cancer in progress", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the aim of spreading awareness against lung cancer, oncologists of Kamla Nehru Memorial hospital of the city are taking up a public awareness campaign aimed at various sections of the society. The programme is part of the lung cancer awareness month observed worldwide.Detailing the programme, additional director medical of the regional cancer centre Dr B Paul Thaliath said lung cancer was an important health concern in India as also globally. It remains the most common kind of cancer in the world comprising 12.7% of all cancer cases and is the most common cause of cancer deaths. More than half (55%) are diagnosed with the malaise in developing countries where there are tremendous financial constraints in tackling the menace. The incidence seems to be increasing in women. In India, the problem is more complex since most patients are mistaken to have tuberculosis and remain on empirical treatment for a significant length of time. This is one of the reasons why mortality remains high. Tobacco smoking or chewing remains the main cause of lung cancer. Studies have shown a 30-fold increase in the age adjusted incidence rates of lung in active smokers compared to non-smokers, he added.Dr Thaliath further said a paradigm shift in treatment has taken place in recent years. Molecular typing of the lung cancer has changed the outlook in its management where monoclonal antibodies in the form of tablets could be used cost effectively in those patients without the side effects as in chemotherapy. Newer modalities of radiotherapy techniques like stereotactic body irradiation (SBRT), intensity modulated (IMRT), image guided (IGRT) and cyber knife technology can avoid surgery in early stages.Since an awareness programme can be of immense help, various members and sections of society including school children, teachers institutions, industries, HGO's, health care personnel, etc should be imparted with the awareness, added the additional director (medical). He further said a symposium had been organised to spread the awareness regarding the ailment. The symposium was attended by a large number of experts working in the field including doctors of the city, chest physicians, surgeons, pathologist and oncologists of the city. Dr Ullas Batra, Oncologist at Rajiv Gandhi Cancer hospital Delhi was the invited faculty.He discussed the newer diagnostic techniques; pit falls in early diagnosis and advances in the treatment modalities. Dr Madhu Chandra, Chief Executive Officer of the hospital welcomes the guests and Dr Radha Rani Ghosh, senior consultant oncologists of the hospital moderated a panel discussion on the diagnosis and management of lung cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395600", "title": "Appointment of ex-judge as Victoria Technical Institute head upheld", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has dismissed as withdrawn a writ petition which questioned the validity of the appointment of a former judge as president of the governing council of the Victoria Technical Institute (VTI).The matter relates to the state government's nomination of Justice (retd) A Raman as president of VTI's governing council. Noting that nomination without election from among 15 life members of the society was illegal, the writ wanted the appointment quashed.However, in the order, the bench said the governor had exempted the society from the purview of the clause which requires appointment by election, and said a notification to this effect was issued on November 6, 2012. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17395968", "title": "No women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hostel, Kozhikode corporation seeks damages", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation will approach a government-appointed high-power committee for a compensation of Rs 3.06 crore from the Kerala State Construction Corporation Limited (KSCCL) for incurring loss due to the non-completion of working women's hostel.The work was entrusted to KSCCL more than a decade ago. The decision to approach the panel followed the council's move to cancel the 1997 agreement with the KSCCL for constructing the hostel at Mankkave. The corporation would submit a letter, seeking compensation, to the committee within a week.According to the agreement, KSCCL was to complete the construction within a year at an estimated cost of Rs 82 lakh. The civic body also cleared bills to the tune of Rs 18,95,201 after the agency had commenced the work. But the KSCCL dropped the work mid-way.The revised outlay prepared by the civic body in 2010 pegged the estimate at Rs 4.62 crore.\"We have not received any response from the KSCCL even after sending repeated letters citing the loss incurred by the civic body. We have decided to approach the high power committee so that the civic body can prepare a fresh proposal for the construction of the hostel,\" said public works standing committee chairman M Mohanan. \"We expect a positive response from the committee,\" he added.Meanwhile, the corporation has already initiated the preparation of a fresh proposal for the working women's hostel. It has already entrusted its engineering wing to prepare the project plan and allotted Rs 1 crore for the construction. The civic body will soon float tenders for the construction of the hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394009", "title": "Why has the BCCI gagged its selectors?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian cricket's increasing tendency to run its affairs like a secret society is harming no one but itself.True to form, no explanations have been forthcoming on the national selection committee's decision to retain the squad which lost the second Test in shocking circumstances in Mumbai.The BCCI president himself has gone on record stating he wants a more professional approach to running the game. But such cloak-and-dagger selection policies risk further damaging the board's reputation as an autocratic body which doesn't care about its stakeholders: the paying public. Many questions were raised in the aftermath of the defeat but no effort was made by Sandeep Patil's committee to address the issues. Why? They have been gagged.The selection committee is a professional body in which members earn Rs 60 lakh per annum. Each member knows his cricket and they may have had justifiable reasons behind, say, retaining Harbhajan, giving Yuvraj and Gambhir extended runs, not clearing the air on Sachin Tendulkar's future or putting all the pressure on two young spinners with a combined experience of 28 Tests.But in the absence of an official briefing, stories began circulating on differences between skipper Dhoni and the selectors over the choice of a leg-spinner, amid endless debate on the logic behind Monday's non-decisions.The media bridges the gap between those running the game and the common spectator so it's unlikely the board wants to actively encourage such negative publicity. So why is it reluctant to send out a member to clear the air with a few simple sentences?Why be loath to admit that they feel the team is in transition, that these players are the best bets or that the replacements are not up to the mark? Such silence betrays BCCI's deep mistrust of public sentiment.Contrast this, with say, Australia coach Mickey Arthur's on-record statement on the same day confirming Ricky Ponting's place for the next Test against South Africa.Such candour is unthinkable in India, where a legend like Tendulkar undergoes a daily trial by media in the twilight of his career without the BCCI blinking an eyelid.The Board may argue it's a private body and so not answerable to the media, and by extension, the paying public whose cricketing passion keeps it afloat. It would do well to ask its top cricketers who they think they're playing for.It's more likely that just like MS Dhoni's men having a bad day in a Test match, the BCCI has no Plan B. The silence is convenient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396352", "title": "Guava farming takes the organic path", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The pilot project of the district horticulture department to cultivate Allahabadi 'Surkha', also known as 'apple-colour', and Allahabadi Safeda varieties of guava through organic farming has yielded desired results in several blocks of the district.In fact, guava cultivation is taken up on around 1,000 hectare of land in the district.Remarkably, guava cultivators are delighted to cultivate successfully a good quantity of guavas especially Allahabadi Surkha and Allahabadi Safeda in Dhanupur, Saidabad, Bahria, Jasra, Kaurihar-II, Bahadurpur and Shankargarh after investing a reasonable amount in fertilisers.The 'organic farming promotion programme' for cultivation of guava was launched by officials at the beginning of this year in seven blocks of the district.More importantly, the department had imparted training to over 800 farmers under its programme with an aim to promote organic farming.\"The blocks where organic farming for Allahabadi Safeda was undertaken included Kaurihar-II, Jasra, Saidabad, Dhanupur and Bahria,\" said P K Shukla, district horticulture officer, adding that farmers residing in other blocks had adapted to organic farming enthusiastically,\" he added.Officials assured farmers all sorts of assistance and tips on growing guava organically.Currently, farmers in Dhanupur, Kaurihar-II, Saidabad, Bahria and Jasra have more preferred to cultivate guava. The farmers have assured that they would be bringing other crops like tomato, cabbage, peas, ladyfinger, carrot, litchi under organic farming in future, informed Shukla.\"We have selected these blocks for organic farming of guava after carrying out a complete study and found parameters like soil, nature, productivity chances are suitable for organic farming of guava,\" Shukla told TOI.He added that under the programme, the department was apprising farmers about methods useful for organic farming and also apprised about producing natural fertilizers and insecticides and pesticides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17393959", "title": "I-League: East Bengal ride on lucky Chidi strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Riding on a combination of luck and pluck, East Bengal subdued Salgaocar 1-0 at the Salt Lake Stadium on Tuesday to keep their unbeaten run going this season and cement their place atop the I-League standings.The game-changing moment came in the 67th minute when East Bengal's leading striker Edeh Chidi's goalbound shot took a deflection off Salgaocar substitute defender Colin Abranches and went in, catching goalkeeper Karanjit Singh on the wrong foot.Tuesday's victory - their third in a row and sixth in the League - took Trevor Morgan's men to 20 points from eight games while Salgaocar's hopes of revival under David Booth took another beating as they remained stuck in the bottom half with just five points.Just when Salgaocar looked to be getting their rhythm, East Bengal set about the business of reasserting their authority.Pune FC win: Pune FC rode a Subhas Chakraborty brace to get past Sporting Clube de Goa 2-1 in Margao on Tuesday. Richard Obiora pulled one back for the Goan side.Nuruddin Salau scored two goals as United Sikkim FC took the lead on two occasions before Air India scrambled to force a 3-3 draw on Tuesday.Gagandeep Singh scored the other for the home team, all coming in desperate acts after Sikkim had taken lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395253", "title": "Corporation of the city of Panaji may regularize a Rs 50cr scam: Opposition", "text": "PANAJI: Fourteen members of the opposition panel of the Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP), headed by Rudresh Chodankar, have opposed the corporation's likely decision to regularize the illegal allotment of shops in the municipal market and demanded a full-fledged inquiry by the CCP commissioner instead of handing over the matter to the government.The opposition panel demanded that the shops should be first sealed and then auctioned to the highest bidders.Briefing mediapersons in a city hotel in the presence of former CCP mayor Yatin Parikh and 13 other councillors, Chodankar said that the long-festering issue of illegal allotment of shops is a Rs 50-crore scam. Chodankar said that although councillors have been shouting about the market scam for years, for the first time, the CCP commissioner Sanjith Rodrigues has conducted a survey and submitted a report on how the shops are occupied by persons who are not the original lessees.The report pertains to only the first floor of the market complex but out of the 376 allotments listed in the report, 350 names do not tally with the original lessees, Chodankar said, handing over copies of the report to the media.Chodankar said while the corporation is earning no money from the shops, unrelated people are regularly collecting 'haftas' from the shop owners. He said that there are reports that the ruling panel of the CCP now wants to hand over the issue to the government in a bid to regularize the shops. Chodankar said the opposition panel will oppose such a move.He demanded that the CCP commissioner should himself conduct an inquiry without any interference from the councillors but if the commissioner wants, he may choose some councillors to assist him in the probe.Asked why he had not taken up the issue when he was deputy mayor and Yatin Parikh was mayor, Chodankar said they could not get any co-operation from administrative staff of the CCP as many staff and officers of the CCP were involved in the scam.He also said that earlier there was no report as prepared now by the CCP commissioner. Chodankar said the CCP will hold its next meeting on November 29 and the only agenda on the list is the shops in the market.He said that although his opposition panel does not have the requisite numbers to outvote the ruling panel, he wanted the public at large to know the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396271", "title": "North Central Railway mobile van flagged off", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To create awareness among people regarding the safety measures to be undertaken at railway crossings, North Central Railway (NCR) has launched a mobile video van. NCR general manager Alok Johri flagged off the mobile video van at a function organized at NCR headquarters at Subedarganj on Tuesday.Johri said the mobile van is a novel step undertaken by the safety department of NCR and steps would be taken for involving more number of people in the awareness drive. He expressed hope that through the awareness drive, we can directly interact with the public which would result in minimizing the number of accidents at railway crossings.He also praised the joint effort of safety department and the public relations department in creating awareness among the people.NCR chief safety officer RS Verma said most of the railway accidents occur near railway crossings and they can be minimised by creating awareness among the people. He said the awareness drive through the mobile van is the first ever in the country undertaken by the NCR. NCR chief public relations officer Sandeep Mathur alos mentioned the utility of the safety awareness drive.The mobile van is equipped with the latest of the art audio visual system which would be used for creating awareness among the people. It has a LED TV and the sound system which would be used for giving message to the people. A team of NCR safety department will accompany the van and disseminate information among the public about the safety measures to be taken at the railway crossings. Initially, the van will spread awareness in the Naini-Jhansi belt and later in the Allahabad division. Later, it will go to the Agra division.It will create awareness among the people at the railway crossings, adjacent villages, petrol pumps, schools and market areas covering the North Central Railway.During the programme, various heads of department, divisional railway manager of Allahabad division of NCR Harendra Rao and senior officers of safety department and public relations office were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh/new delhi", "code": "17394187", "title": "Take Pak to ICJ for war crimes: Martyr\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dad", "text": "CHANDIGARH/NEW DELHI: Retired scientist N K Kalia will not rest in peace till he gets justice for his martyred son Captain Saurabh Kalia, who was captured, brutally tortured and killed by Pakistani intruders just before the Kargil conflict erupted in the summer of 1999.Continuing his lonely 13-year-long battle, the senior Kalia is now knocking on the doors of the Supreme Court seeking directions to the Union government to take his son's case to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) at The Hague, contending the brutal torture of 22-year-old officer constituted a war crime in blatant violation of the Geneva Convention.The Indian government should mount pressure on Pakistan to apologize as well as identify and punish those soldiers who had indulged in the barbaric torture, said the senior Kalia, who has been forced to move the Supreme Court because his various representations to the government have failed to evoke any response.\"In the past 13 years, I have seized every opportunity suggested by well-wishers but the case kept on rolling down from one ministry or forum to another in the official labyrinth. I am tired of approaching every authority, including the Army, defence ministry, external affairs ministry and the PMO, all of whom never came out with any positive response and passed the buck to each other,'' he told TOI.\"Even the office of President of India has given me a standard reply that his case has been forwarded to the appropriate authority for appropriate action,\" said Kalia.While terming the violations as ``unacceptable'', external affairs minister Salman Khurshid on Tuesday said, ``This is an extremely sad story. But having expressed our deep distress and concern, we haven't got an adequate response from Pakistan...whatever is possible will be done...the matter is before the Supreme Court.''MoD, on its part, only said, \"it was in the process of looking at the old records''. Senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh, the external affairs minister during the Kargil conflict, said, ``unfortunately in governance, the urgent takes over the important...But it is still not late and the government should go to the ICJ.''Capt Kalia had been posted to the Kargil heights immediately after getting commissioned into the 4 Jat Regiment. In May 1999, Captain Kalia was out on a patrol in the Kaksar area of Kargil along with five other soldiers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sepoys Arjunram Baswana, Mula Ram Bidiasar, Naresh Singh Sinsinwar, Bhanwar Lal Bagaria and Bhika Ram Mudh. Well within the Indian side of the LoC, they were caught by the Pakistani Army intruders. They were kept in captivity for over 22 days and subjected to brutal torture as became evident when their bodies - limbs chopped off, private parts mutilated, eyes gouged out, multiple cigarette burns \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were later handed over by Pakistani Army on June 9, 1999.Incidentally, in August, while replying to a question raised by MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar in Rajya Sabha, minister of state for external affairs E Ahamed had stated: ``The attention of international community was drawn to these brutal acts of Pakistan, including through our statement to the UN General Assembly in New York on September 22, 1999, and out statement under Agenda Item 11 during the 56th session of the Commission of Human Rights on April 6, 2000.''Chandrasekhar had followed it up with the then external affairs minister S M Krishna. ``The matter has been raised with the Pakistani authorities and in the appropriate international fora. It is indeed unfortunate that our efforts have not borne fruit. This, however, does not in any way imply that we have forgotten our brave sons or that we are giving up our efforts to ensure that the guilty responsible for perpetrating such heinous acts are brought to justice,'' replied Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395592", "title": "Clash at Tangra", "text": "KOLKATA: Followers of rival Trinamool leaders clashed for control over a construction site at DC Dey Road in Tangra on Tuesday. Sources say one group is close to an influential councilor and the other to an MLA. Many people were injured on both sides. A strong police force has been deployed to prevent any further violence. tnnFor long they are rivals and problem broke out over the construction site at Gholapukur area of DC Dey Road. Members of both groups demanded that they will supply the building materials and over the issue they started fighting on open street. During the clash they allegedly have beaten up some locals who informed police to take action against the road rowdies.Police said that Bhutto and China, two local roughs close to Saha allegedly assaulted Subash Roy's close associate Lalu what triggered the problem. Hoodlums also ransacked some shops. Police from Tangra police station rushed to the spot and Rapid Action Force was also deployed to bring the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17396971", "title": "Banks readying payment platforms", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala-based banks are in the process of implementing Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AEPS) and they believe that it will be fully implemented in January 2013. \"We are in the process of implementing AEPS and our bank is already using Aadhaar card as a proof of identity,\" said P G Jayakumar, chief executive officer of Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank. \"Both the banks and its customers will benefit from AEPS. Implementation of Aadhaar in the country will be a revolutionary step as it can curb the misuse of welfare scheme funds,\" he said, adding that the bank will use Aadhaar for nowyour-customer purposes.Implementation of AEPS wouldn't create any monetary burden, said chief executive officer of Catholic Syrian Bank V P Iswardas. \"It needs some changes in the software used by banks and all the new accounts we have opened are Aadhaar-enabled. Now we have to convert our old accounts into Aadhaar-enabled ones and this will be done in the near future,\" he said.South Indian Bank ( SIB), another Thrissur-based private bank, is in the process of implementing AEPS. \"At present we are using Aadhaar as identity proof. We are trying to get things online by the end of January 2013. National Payments Corporation of India has to do the technical work for us and they have scheduled a meeting on November 29, 2012. Then we have to sign agreements for data sharing. We have also instructed our branches to link accounts through Aadhaar,\" said Abraham Thariyan, executive director of the bank.WHAT IS DIRECT CASH TRANSFER? Direct Cash Transfer, using UID Card, is a provision where people would be paid the cash difference between subsidized price and market price of goods as decided by the government. Cash equivalent of the subsidy is transferred directly to beneficiaries through their bank accounts by linking the transactions to Aadhaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17394098", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board to cock a snook at Supreme Court order?", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17396384", "title": "Transport officials wake up to overloading challenge", "text": "VARANASI: The officials of the transport department realised the need of reviewing the cases of overloading to initiate action under Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984.After the issue of overlooking the directive of the Supreme Court and orders issued by the state government to ensure action under Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act 1984 was raised by the TOI, deputy transport commissioner (DTC) SK Singh convened a meeting on Tuesday. Regional transport officer Brijesh Singh informed that the issue was discussed at the meeting and the progress in seeking permission of district magistrate concerned in the cases in which FIRs can be lodged under such Act were also reviewed.The DTC said that the issue would be reviewed again after November 30.He said that putting a check on the operation of illegal bus stands in the radius of one kilometre of the UP State Road Transport Corporation's depots was also a major agenda of this meeting. An action plan was prepared. Apart from making the police stations concerned accountable for such operations, it was decided that all the additional regional managers of UPSRTC would prepare the list of buses being operated from such illegal bus stands.These lists would be sent to police stations concerned while copies would also be forwarded to the district magistrate, SSP and RTO offices. The officials of UPSRTC and RTO would conduct joint checking twice a week while senior officials of both departments would conduct similar checking drives on fortnightly and monthly basis.He said that during this month's special checking drive, a total of 1,677 vehicles were challaned in the area of his jurisdiction, which covers the Varanasi, Mirzapur, Azamgarh and Gorakhpur regional transport offices.As many as 1,123 vehicles were seized while 131 were caught for plying without permit. At least 73 vehicles were caught moving on different roads against permits. He said that Rs 23.79 lakh were realised as taxes while Rs 45.42 lakh were collected as compounding fee.Many other issues like accident prone zones, pollution control and checking of motor training schools were also discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395411", "title": "Rs 17L for kindergarten seat in Tamil Nadu, parents vie to pay", "text": "CHENNAI: P Balram* was particular about the school his daughter should go to. And he was willing to go to any extent to get admission there. So, before the school could ask for a donation, he offered to set up a computer lab for 7 lakh. It was an offer the Kilpauk school couldn't refuse. Another parent got an admission for his child in a school in Mylapore by promising a basketball court that cost Rs 17 lakh.It might sound strange, but parents are finding innovative means to make donations to schools to get seats for their children. Some are willing to shell out several lakhs for admission to kindergarten in top schools. And this has redefined capitation fee, which has now morphed into \"informed contributions\" and \"returnable investments.\"Educational consultant K R Maalathi said parents were willing to cough up huge money for such \"gifts\" for additional benefits. \"Parents feel that it not only gets them a seat but goes a long way in promoting goodwill between students and the school management,\" she said.As one school head puts it, \"Unlike in other sectors, in education the recommendation is for paying more money, not less.\"While the Union ministry for human resource development is drawing up a legislation to eliminate excess fees and capitation fees in schools, parents are playing along school authorities to find newer ways of money exchange for seats. Some schools have started treating parents as 'stakeholders' for a price, of course. Instead of getting loans from banks, a new age school in the city's outskirts has asked parents to lend the management any amount of money in multiples of Rs 10,000 for which the school will pay the interest rates offered by banks.Sunitha Grace (name changed), mother of two girls studying in the school, said she had offered the school management Rs 2 lakh - a lakh for each child - towards future projects taken up by the school. \"I was saving it for their education. I don't have anything to lose,\" Sunitha said.Insiders say that school managements are able to offer seats to parents by giving dummy names to a small percentage of seats while allotting most seats by drawing lots. Say, a school has 250 LKG seats. Sources say 200 to 225 seats are filled by drawing lots, while the rest are booked so they can be allotted for influential persons.\"Donations,\" meanwhile, have been shooting up. The going rate for an LKG or pre-KG admission in a good school in Chennai can go up to Rs 4 lakh. Experts tracking trends in the industry find that even schools in tier 2 cities like Madurai and Tiruppur have increased the \"donation to trust\" or \"contribution to building development fund\" substantially. Now it's anything from Rs 20,000 to Rs 75,000.Some schools also ask parents for around Rs 1 lakh as interest-free refundable deposit that will be given back when the child leaves school. Many times schools reserve a couple of seats for members on the school board or among the trustees of the society. While the trustees usually don't take money, middlemen who introduce parents to trustees do. \"I do not like the idea of issuing more applications than there are seats. Why should we disappoint parents, and push them to pursue other means of getting a seat,\" said director of Paavai Group of Institutions C Satish.(Name changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394189", "title": "Mixed reactions to new minority body", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sanctioning of a commissionerate for the welfare of minorities by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has been lauded by senior bureaucrats and politicians who say the move will help bridge gaps in administration and help in better implementation of welfare schemes.Many senior leaders cutting across party lines termed the move as a step forward and said this would add a level of scrutiny.The commissionerate, they say, would effectively bridge the gap between the district minority welfare officer (DMWO) and the line administration and that, if things go according to plan, the commissionerate will have offices across all districts.The move would ensure better redressal of grievances and collection of data pertaining to implementation and improving welfare measures.\"This commissioner is more accessible than the secretary who sits in the secretariat. Case in point: The BC Welfare commissioner in Masab Tank. The DMWO used to report to the collector with little chances of him getting an appointment with him will now be independent of the collectorate. Now the DMWO be in contact with the commissioner who will tour and monitor activities,\" said a senior Congress party leader. However other bureaucrats termed the commissionerate as 'old wine in new bottle' as they noted that a minorities welfare commission was constituted in 1998 though it 'wasn't a full fledged body'. Further, apprehensions about the nature of recruitment of personnel for the commissionerate were raised with many stating that the MWD has a history of recruitments on deputation basis which lasted between three and five years.Commenting on the 69 posts sanctioned for the commissionerate including seven posts of deputy directors and five assistant directors, a senior bureaucrat requesting anonymity said, \"While the commissioner will be the head of the department, deputation will take people from other government departments and put them in the commissionerate thereby reducing the representation of minorities in the other departments.\"Further, there will be no promotion which is why the MWD has low cadre strength. It is important for the future commissionerate to have direct recruitments to build cadre strength.\"Mohammed Ahmadullah, minister for Minorities Welfare said that the CM has signed the relevant documents and that clarity on the nature of appointment will be obtained in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394123", "title": "AIADMK, BJD to vote against UPA on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP-Left combine's move to team up and insist on a vote on FDI policy seems to have paid off. The vote is expected to see parties like AIADMK and BJD opposing the government, deepening the impression of a near vertical split in political opinion over FDI.Although UPA leaders claim the standoff over the FDI policy was not as grave as it was made out to be, it needed some persistent negotiations to bring all supporters on board. Space had to be created for allies like DMK to retreat from their public opposition to FDI.Government managers can pat itself for getting DMK, SP and BSP - all of whom participated in a nationwide Opposition bandh against FDI last December - to back UPA on a vote in Parliament. The discussion is likely to take place early next week.In the end getting outside supporters SP and BSP on board proved less challenging than anticipated with Congress sources pointing to the regional parties keeping their distance from recent Opposition sponsored anti-government protests.Not all the bills are likely to be passed, but the government will like to prioritize some along with taking the advantage of a freshly-minted political consensus over the Lokpal bill to ensure its passage at least in Rajya Sabha where it is pending.Finance minister P Chidambaram has repeatedly told Congress and in UPA meetings that the government needs to pass the important legislation as there are limits to executive action. The passage of important bills can also persuade the Reserve Bank of India to lower rates. So far, RBI has pointed to the high deficit and inflation to plead its inability to lower lending rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394261", "title": "Unwell Niira Radia may not appear in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia , a prosecution witness in the 2G spectrum allocation scam who was supposed to appear before the court on December 5, may not be able to come as she has undergone a surgery.The prosecution on Tuesday told the court that Radia has informed that she has undergone a surgery related to neurological problem and may not be able to come on December 5, when she is suppose to depose before the court.Meanwhile, a counsel for two accused in the 2G spectrum allocation case was on Tuesday fined Rs 250 by the court for unnecessary objections during the proceeding to \"delay the trial\".Special CBI judge O P Saini imposed the cost on advocate Vijay Aggarwal, counsel for accused Rajiv Agarwal and Asif Balwa, both directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd, after he objected to CBI prosecutor A K Singh showing some documents to a prosecution witness S Meenakshi, a deputy registrar of companies (ROC) at Chennai.Aggarwal raised objection when Singh showed the witness some documents, including copies of audit reports, balance sheet and other documents of Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd for the year ending on March 31, 2008. The TV channel's director Sharad Kumar too is facing trial in the case.The defence counsel objected to it saying the documents shown to the witness were photocopies and there was no certificate attached with it under the provisions of the Evidence Act and also that it was not authenticated in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act.The prosecutor countered Aggarwal's objection saying the documents belonged to Kalaignar TV (P) Ltd and no objection has been raised regarding this by the accused concerned -- Kumar and DMK MP Kanimozhi.The court imposed the fine on Aggarwal saying, \"In this case, not only the documents have been certified but the officer of ROC herself is present in the court to authenticate and prove the documents. The objection has been taken just to delay the trial and is overruled with cost of Rs 250.\"The court also said the documents filed by a company with the ROC \"constitute public documents under Section 74 (2) of the Evidence Act and, as such, can be proved by filing a certified copy thereof by the party himself without appearance of official of ROC in the court\".In its charge sheet, the CBI has alleged that illegal gratification of over Rs 200 crore was routed to DMK-run Kalaignar TV from Dynamix Realty through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394956", "title": "Tanker falls off bridge after driver misjudges turn", "text": "PUNE: An empty liquefied petroleum gas tanker, which first hit the railing of a bridge, landed on an open land along Pavana river near Ravet on Tuesday.Subhash Jadhav, police sub-inspector, Wakad police chowkey under Hinjewadi police station said, \"The driver misjudged a turn while on the bridge.\"The tanker was going to Mumbai after offloading LPG in Pune. It fell from a height of 30 ft. The mishap took place at 11 am on the road linking Punavale and Ravet. The driver Balu Rane, and the cleaner have been admitted to Lokmanya hospital in Nigdi. Traffic on the road was affected after the mishap.PCMC fire officer Kiran Gawde said, \"The tanker was empty so a major accident was averted. It fell on the open ground near Pavana river so there was no water contamination. A fire engine each from Rahatni and Pradhikaran sub-offices rushed to the spot. The fire brigade employees checked whether there was any major damage to the LPG tanker.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395228", "title": "Urinating case: Man who shot girl arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six days after a girl was shot dead by two youths after the girl's mother had objected to the accused urinating outside their house, Delhi Police have arrested the main accused, Zaki, while his associate is still at large. The girl's mother was also shot at and is still recuperating in a hospital, police said.Zaki (21) is a native of Gulawathi in Uttar Pradesh and had reportedly joined hands few months ago with Javed to commit crimes, said police. Zaki's associate, Javed, reportedly stayed on the second floor of the same house where the victims live.The incident dates back to November 21 when 17-year-old Binno alias Gudiya was shot dead and her mother, Sadmani (40), was seriously injured in Alwi Chowk in Basti Nizamuddin when the accused had opened fire at them after Sadmani had objected to the accused urinate near the staircase of her house. Gudiya's brother and father, Aslam, were not at home at the time of incident.\"The victims live on the first floor of the same building as the two accused. At 9.30pm, the mother of the girl had caught the two boys urinate near the staircase and had objected. Their verbal exchange turned into an altercation and Zaki and Javed soon left after threatening the victims,\" said Ajay Chaudhary, additional commissioner of police (south east district).The two accused returned at 10.30pm and opened fire at the victims, said Chaudhary. \"Both accused had been history-sheeters. Javed had come out of jail in April this year while Zaki had an attempt to murder case filed against him in UP,\" said Chaudhary. Zaki was formally arrested by Delhi Police on Monday and was brought here on remand. \"Zaki told police that he met Javed a couple of months ago in Nizamuddin Basti. They formed a team and were planning to commit crimes in the city. Two months ago, Zaki had procured a 7.65mm pistol from a contact in Jaffrabad.\"After the firing, the accused had parted ways. While Zaki had fled to Bulandshahar, Javed is still untraceable,\"said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396785", "title": "Film highlights struggle to survive in rural Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Twenty-five years ago, Bhukha (Hungry) in Sambalpuri language became the first film from the state to receive International Jury Award at the Gijon International Film Festival. The film, which was based on a Sambalpuri play by Manglu Charan Biswal and had a strong social message, earned accolades even in the country.After 25 years, director Sabyasachi Mohapatra is back with Salabudha, another movie set on a rural background and focuses on the plight of the aged people in villages in the western part of the state. The film is based on a novel by renowned author Kapilesh Prasad Mohapatra.\"The villages, where agriculture is the main source of sustenance, have unique culture, tradition and folk arts. Salabudha captures the quintessential elements of rural landscape in all its simplicity and rustic nature,\" the director said at the film's premiere in Sonepur on Tuesday. This film is a tribute to all senior citizens of Odisha, added Mohapatra.Mohapatra's Bhukha was about the life and struggle of bajnias, or folk drummers of the Kosal region and how, with the advent of modern music, their livelihood was adversely affected.Major part of the shooting for the film, made under the banner of Mohapatra Movie Magic private Ltd, was done at Karnapali village in Subarnapur district.Both the films by Mohapatra draw a vivid picture of rural life in the state. Salabudha portrays the plight of old farmers in the villages. The film captures the rich tribal ethos of Sambalpur. \"The legacy of rich music, dance and local language give a rustic character to the film. We have tried to show how despite adverse circumstance, the village chief does not lose hope. It is this grand old man who keeps the folks motivated and engaged,\" said Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17396695", "title": "Revenue loss for railways due to shortage of TTEs", "text": "TRICHY: The shortage of Travelling Ticket Examiners (TTEs) in Tiruchchirappalli railway division has been disconcerting for a long time. The issue paves the way for ticket-less travel, causing revenue loss to the railways. In addition, passengers and TTEs too are affected.Tiruchchirappalli railway division has nearly 420 TTEs, but the number is not enough to man around 20 Express trains originating from Trichy. As a consequence of the manpower shortage, TTEs are forced to take care of more than four coaches on an Express train instead of their actual duty of two coaches. According to TTEs, the additional workload causes stress to them and as a result, they are unable to concentrate on the additional coaches.A TTE on condition of anonymity told TOI, \"Most of the trains start late night. We have to verify all tickets in the four coaches before passengers sleep. When we disturb them for ticket verification, they get angry. On the other hand, most tickets go unverified. Moreover, we cannot provide assistance to passengers in case of an emergency. We are liable for departmental action if passengers lodge complaints.\"The shocking news is that unverified tickets are submitted for cancellation after the journey. The trend has been increasing recently, causing revenue loss to the railways. There are five squad teams comprising 10 TTEs and an inspector each in Tiruchirappalli division. However, most of the time, the TTEs in the squad are deputed as regular TTEs. So, their usual duty of checking is affected in both platforms and in trains.A Charles, assistant divisional secretary of Dakshina Railway Employees Union (DREU), Tiruchchrappalli division, said, \"The recruitment of TTEs did not take place for a long time despite a huge number of TTEs retiring in Southern Railways. We made a number of representations to the ministry, but all went in vain.\"A senior TTE said, \"The problem will aggravate in the next year following retirements of many employees in the Tiruchchirappalli division. The railways should take the matter into consideration and appoint sufficient TTEs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17395407", "title": "HC notice to Haryana for failure in implementing RTE", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition alleging failure of the Haryana government in implementing the Right to Education (RTE) Act in its true spirit, the Punjab and Haryana and high court on Tuesday issued notice to the state government.Division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri has also issued notices to director-general of school education, director of elementary education seeking their replies, after hearing the petition filed by one Bijender Singh of Jind district.Counsel for petitioners argued that instead of increasing the strength of teachers to implement the RTE Act, the same was being reduced by the state government. While submitting that thousands of teachers have been deployed by the state in various non teaching works such as preparing voter lists etc, Dhull argued that it is not only against the spirit of the RTE Act, but the same is detrimental to the interest of the students and hence should be depreciated.Further seeking directions to the state government for implementation of the RTE Act, the petitioner sought directions to carry out rationalization of teachers in accordance to the provisions of the Act.The petitioner also added the state was violating the fundamental rights of lakhs of students by not paying heed to the provisions of the Act. A brief representation too was submitted to the department, but no heed was paid to the genuine demand of the petitioner. Now, the case would come up for further hearing on December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396631", "title": "Strengthen processing industry: President Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUDHIANA: President Pranab Mukherjee, who was at Punjab Agricultural University to attend an international conference on \"sustainable agriculture for food and livelihood security\" underscored the need for a comprehensive strategy for sustainable agriculture. He also said the processing industry needs to be strengthened.During his first visit to Ludhiana as president, he pointed out the inadequacy of value addition to fruits and vegetables, despite India being the second largest producer of the same. Saying that 98% of farm produce is sold as harvested, the president expressed concern over loss of 25% of the produce during harvest and post harvest operations. This, according to him, gave sufficient cause for the establishment of food processing units in collaboration with private companies. He said this would help marginal farmers grow.The president said 2 million tonnes of storage capacity had been approved for storage of food grains. Congratulating PAU on its golden jubilee, he credited the varsity with transforming Indian agriculture, making the country self-reliant.Meanwhile, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal urged President Pranab Mukherjee to advice the union government to ensure proper price support mechanism coupled with value addition of maize as an alternative crop. He said this would help implement crop diversification. The CM also highlighted the need to facilitate free trade through the Attari Integrated check post.Punjab Governor Shivraj V Patil said sustainable methods of agriculture had to be adopted to meet immediate, mid term and distant agricultural challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17397900", "title": "Shah Rukh set to change his looks for Farah's film", "text": "There has been considerable speculation about Farah Khan's next Happy New Year. The film, which was supposed to kick start this year, has already seen several postponements. And now, as TOI can reveal, it will not start before April next year.This rescheduling has more to do with SRK's look in the film than anything else, as Farah revealed to us.Flush from the high of a Disney land vacation with her family, Farah says: \"In Happy New Year, you will see a different SRK . He will have long, almost shoulder-length hair and a healthy beard,\" she says.That 70s look? Farah does not divulge much, but adds: \"Since he has a clean shaven look in Chennai Express , we have to wait until he wraps up his shoot and grows his hair for my film\"After getting him to take off his shirt and get his pack of six for Om Shanti Om , seems Farah is now ready with yet another challenge for SRK.Curiously enough, though no leading lady has been finalised yet for the film, work on the soundtrack has commenced. \"Guess we will announce the rest of the cast in the new year itself,\" Farah smiles mischievously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394623", "title": "Agra-Jaipur Shatabdi inaugural run from Nov 30", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi Express is all set to boost tourism on the most popular tourism circuit - the Golden Triangle. The train that would take its inaugural run between the two major tourist destinations on November 30, would virtually make Agra a day return destination from here.Set to cover a distance of over 230-kilometre in little than three hours, the train will stop only at Bharatpur for two minutes. Shatabdi Express from Jaipur will leave daily at 7.30 am and reach Agra by 10.30 am. It will leave the Taj city at 4.20 pm and reach Jaipur at 7.50 pm. The train will be taking half-an-hour more on its return journey for Jaipur, according to the time-table.\"The timing is perfect. While foreign travellers will certainly benefit, it is the domestic ones that substantially benefit. It would also be a boon for bag packers as now they would be able to undertake the Jaipur-Agra trip economically against spending almost spending almost Rs 4,500 for a trip,\" said Khalid Khan executive director Le Passage to India.Since there is no air connectivity between the two destinations, a convenient Shatabdi would make more and more people look at visiting the Taj and returning back the same day to Jaipur as there is not much that they can do in Agra. Besides a days' trip to Keoladeo National Park from Jaipur also could get more convenient, he said.Quintessentially, when it comes to travel circuits in the country, it has always been the famous Golden Triangle circuit (Delhi-Agra-Jaipur) which has received a lot of attention in the past and still does in the present. According to reports, out of the total inbound tourists, the Golden Triangle clearly continues to enjoy the larger chunk of 50 % share.Tourism industries in Agra have welcomed the new Shatabdi Express which will reduce travelling time and provide a comfortable journey to visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394934", "title": "Solar energy users demand rebate in property tax", "text": "NASHIK: Industries have sought concessions in property tax for those using solar energy from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The civic body is contemplating to give the concession to the industries in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Devel- opment Corporation (MIDC).The proposal is to be tabled at the next general body meeting of the NMC.NMC's deputy municipal commissioner (Octroi), Haribhau Phadol, said, \"Industries are already given 5% concession in property tax for using solar energy. Following the demand, we are planning to give 10% concession. But we will have to get the approval of the general body. We are preparing a proposal in this regard and will table it at the general body meeting.\"He said that after the general body approves it they may also have to seek the permission of the state government. The NMC provides 5% concession to people using solar water heaters based on the state and central government's policy to encourage use of renewable energy. Since March 2006, it has given concession to 3,434 property owners.President of the Nashik District Industries and Exporters' Association, Ramesh Pawar, said that recently the central government committee in a meeting said that those using renewable energy resources can get up to 10% concession in property tax. \"This policy will make renewable energy source popular. However, this is not a permanent concession, but for a limited period,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394280", "title": "Courts asked to focus on reuniting families", "text": "INDORE: \"All the judges have been given instructions to stress on reuniting families and take efforts to avoid separation or divorce, even if there is one per cent possibility of rapprochement,\" said justice K K Lahoti of Madhya Pradesh high court here on Tuesday.Lahoti said courts are asked to take cases related to marriage discord, divorce, maintenance, child custody, adoption and execution of court orders related to maintenance after divorce. Courts have also been empowered to take the help of counsellors to resolve issues related to marriage and divorce.\"Children are biggest sufferers of divorce or separation of their parents so main motive while resolving these cases should be to unite the family,\" Lahoti added.Going by Justice K K Lahoti's observation, these cases, especially divorce cases involve issues of alimony where the husband is directed to pay certain amount as legal cost towards maintenance of his wife.The bench decides the amount considering husband's income and lifestyle. Here one of the main factors includes whether the wife is a working lady, and if yes, whether her earnings are sufficient to sustain the style of living she is used to.However if a woman claims higher alimony than man can afford, the court takes the right decision favouring the man.He also remarked that though there has been no case until now where the husband claims for permanent maintenance after divorce, but in case such situation arises where the husband is unemployed and wife is earning, required measure would be taken to support him.He clarified that women are entitled for maintenance after divorce even if she is working.\"If earning of working women is significantly low as compare to earning of husband and if she is not able to maintain the standard of life like she use to have with her husband. In this working women are also entitled for maitainance so that she can lead a standard of life as equivalent of her husband,\" said Lahoti.Going by the records, there have been times where men use tactics to conceal their income, or quit their jobs to avoid paying high maintenance/alimony. The court, in such cases is suspicious enough to take note of these circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17396316", "title": "Hyderabad draw major gains against Mumbai in Ranji Trophy", "text": "HYDERABAD: It took Hyderabad nearly 12 years to top 600 in Ranji Trophy, but the 699 they posted on the final day of their Group A Ranji Trophy match against Mumbai helped them garner three points from the drawn encounter.If the penultimate day was all about skipper Akshath Reddy and GH Vihari , Tuesday was all about 20-year old southpaw B Sandeep's ton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394116", "title": "Bus runs over youth on bike", "text": "BHOPAL: A 20-year-old youth was killed when a speeding bus ran over the motorbike he was riding here on Tuesday morning. The deceased, Suresh, was a resident of Kajlikheda in Kolar.The Sukhi Sewaniya police said the incident took place between Balampur Ghati and its bus stand. A rashly driven bus no. MP04-PA-9915 that was moving from Bhopal to Vidisha road ran over the bike the youth was riding on dragging him to a distance till he died.Later, the police reached the spot after receiving information about the accident from a passer-by and sent the body for autopsy.The bus has been seized but its driver fled from the spot soon after the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396850", "title": "Ragging row in VSS Medical College", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: VSS Medical College has started an inquiry into an allegation of ragging against five second year students after a first year boy, who was rusticated by the college on November 19, lodged a complaint.\"We received an e-mail complaint. The same has been forwarded to the disciplinary committee of the college for probe,\" VSS principal Dr Santosh K Behera told TOI on Tuesday.The disciplinary panel has summoned the five students to appear before it on Wednesday, one of the affected students said. The rusticated fresher has also filed a police complaint against the five seniors at Burla township, alleging they assaulted him in his hostel room.Sources said the second year students had sought action against the fresher alleging he masterminded an attack on them on November 18 when they were returning to the college from a picnic.Around 100 second year students had gone to Nrusinghnath shrine, around 200 km away from the medical college, for the outing. On their way back, 10 to 12 persons stopped them between Paikmal and Padampur and attacked them. The attackers allegedly attempted to molest girl students and pelted stones at the students' vehicles. On their return, they confronted the fresher suspecting his involvement. He confessed his role in the attack, the students said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhilai", "code": "17397663", "title": "Hoax bomb threat call creates flutter in Bhilai school", "text": "BHILAI: A hoax call from an unidentified caller sent waves of panic in English Medium Middle School, Sector-6, Bhilai on Tuesday morning.As the school busied itself in preparation for sports day practice, the call came at head mistress Rita Pali's office. The male voice on the other side of the phone claimed to have planted a bomb in the school premises. He indicated its explosion in upcoming few minutes.As soon as the caller hung up, Pali sprung to action and vacated the students from their respective classroom with help of staff members and teachers. She also informed the educational officers of Bhilai Steel Plant and police control room about the call. The crime branch police arrived on the scene with sniffer dogs which were taken to nook and corner of premises for tracing the bomb.The investigation lasted for two and half hours before it was understood that the call was a hoax. Pali told TOI that the students and staff members' safety was her primary concern.Probe indicated that the call was made by a student of standard eight. The sim from which the call was made was discovered in the identified student's bag during the investigation. The number was traced from the telephone exchange. The student had apparently made the call to avoid attending classes. He was let off with a warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394341", "title": "Prepaid auto fares hiked with effect from December 1", "text": "HYDERABAD: Commuters utilising prepaid auto system at Secunderabad railway station have to shell out some extra money from December 1. Based on the recent auto fare hike by the government, a committee that supervises the prepaid booth facility has revised the fares.Since November 24, 2011, five prepaid auto counters have been operating at the Seucunderabad railway station and in the past one year over five lakh passengers utilized their services.Traffic police said 30 cases of missing luggage were also detected from autos hired from the pre-paid service.Police are now studying the feasibility of extending the system to MGBS, Kacheguda and Nampally railway stations.Briefing the media about their flagship programme 'drive against drunken driving' here on Tuesday, additional commissioner of police (Traffic) C V Anand said: \"We will request the judiciary to give jail sentences to those who have more than 150 mg/100 ml of blood alcohol.\" Traffic police are also planning to build a 'women' team in traffic police so that even women drunk drivers could be checked.As about 80% of offenders were youngsters aged between 18 to 30 years, the additional CP advised them to download 'Drink Companion' applet on to their mobile phones to check blood alcohol level.\"If their blood alcohol level is in permissiable limits - 30 mg/100 ml -- they can drive and, if not, they better find a safer alternative -- hiring an auto or cab,\" the additional CP said. In the past one year, police have booked 10,277 cases against drunken drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17393651", "title": "Confident government agrees to vote on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gridlock in Parliament over foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail is set to ease with the Manmohan Singh government - armed with ally DMK's support - dropping its resistance to a discussion under a rule that necessitates a vote.The detente over FDI could see fresh discussion between the ruling coalition and BJP over the winter session's legislative agenda with parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath expected to meet leaders of Opposition Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley on Wednesday.Government is keen to pass reforms-related legislation like insurance , pensions, companies and banking bills seen to be vital to UPA's bid to improve India's investment prospects and beat back a threat of a downgrade by rating agencies and will hope to limit disruptions.The breakthrough in the four-day stalemate in Parliament came with DMK chief M Karunanidhi announcing that despite a sense of \"bitterness\" over supporting FDI in retail , the party would vote with UPA keeping in mind the consequences of the government falling.Karunanidhi's invocation of the danger posed by \"communal\" BJP did not surprise UPA circles as DMK's alleged antipathy to global retailers is not seen to be as deep rooted as it appears to be. DMK's ties with Congress are fraying but it is cannot risk an election.UPA's stand on a vote in Parliament on FDI was sealed at a meeting of the coalition's coordination committee on Tuesday with senior ministers saying the precise rule under which a discussion takes place will be left to Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha presiding officers. Rahul Gandhi too attended the meeting in another affirmation of his growing role in Congress and coalition affairs.The ruling coalition has the support of about 265 MPs in Lok Sabha in a 545-member-strong House. With Samajwadi Party's 22 and BSP's 21 MPs, its numbers cross 300, comfortably more than the required 273. In Rajya Sabha, UPA and allies have 95 MPs. UPA needs BSP's 15 and SP's nine in a House with an effective strength of 244. The Upper House arithmetic appears to rule out an abstention by Uttar Pradesh outfits if they are to help the government.The shift also means that the BJP-Left combine's move to team up and insist on a vote on FDI policy paid off. The vote is expected to see parties like AIADMK and BJD opposing the government, deepening the impression of a near vertical split in political opinion over FDI.Although UPA leaders claim the standoff over the FDI policy was not as grave as it was made out to be, it needed some persistent negotiations to bring all supporters on board. Space had to be created for allies like DMK to retreat from their public opposition to FDI.Government managers can pat itself for getting DMK, SP and BSP - all of whom participated in a nationwide Opposition bandh against FDI last December - to back UPA on a vote in Parliament. The discussion is likely to take place early next week.In the end getting outside supporters SP and BSP on board proved less challenging than anticipated with Congress sources pointing to the regional parties keeping their distance from recent Opposition sponsored anti-government protests.Not all the bills are likely to be passed, but the government will like to prioritize some along with taking the advantage of a freshly-minted political consensus over the Lokpal bill to ensure its passage at least in Rajya Sabha where it is pending.Finance minister P Chidambaram has repeatedly told Congress and in UPA meetings that the government needs to pass the important legislation as there are limits to executive action. The passage of important bills can also persuade the Reserve Bank of India to lower rates. So far, RBI has pointed to the high deficit and inflation to plead its inability to lower lending rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393463", "title": "Facebook arrests: Ministry note forced hand on cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite tremendous political pressure to delay disciplinary action against policemen for inept handling of the Palghar controversy, with a probe clearly indicating dereliction of duty, the government had little option but to suspend them .On November 19, director-general of police Sanjeev Dayal appointed Konkan inspector-general Sukhwinder Singh to probe the entire episode since prima facie, he felt the arrests were unwarranted and uncalled for. Singh visited Palghar police station, recorded the statements of the aggrieved women, besides interacting with IPS officer Ravindra Sengaonkar, additional SP Sangram Nishandar and senior police inspector Shrikant Pingle.In a factual report, Singh observed though Palghar police exceeded their brief, no senior officer ever visited Palghar police station to ascertain if the IPC and IT Act sections were necessary. While Singh didn't recommend any disciplinary action against the erring officers, he fixed responsibility for dereliction of duty. But even a day after Singh's report, it was believed the cops would be warned or at most transferred. But additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan specified the action to be taken against the cops in a note to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil. \"The note made it clear that the minimum action against Sengaonkar and Pingle was their immediate suspension. Both Sengaonkar and Pingle failed to step in and correct the situation resulting in nationwide condemnation, the Centre too expressed strong displeasure over the handling of the situation,'' a senior bureaucrat said.\"There was political pressure on Chavan and Patil to delay disciplinary action. But after the home department highlighted the need to suspend Sengaonkar and Pingle in the larger public interest, orders were issued on Monday night after a marathon meeting between the CM and the home minister,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17396832", "title": "Maoist arrested in Narayanpatna", "text": "KORAPUT: Jawans of BSF on Tuesday caught a Maoist during combing operation in Narayanpatna and handed him over to the local police. The arrested rebel was identified as Dalu Madangi (32) of Rangamguda village.Jawans recovered a hand grenade, a detonator and a country-made gun from him. \"He was in our wanted list for long and the rebel was arrested from a hut on the outskirts of Rangamguda village,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.According to the SP, during interrogation, the rebel confessed to his involvement in as many as 10 Maoist offensives in Narayanpatna area, including the attack on BSF jawans and raid on Narayanpatna police station in 2009.\"Madangi was providing logistics support to the radicals. He also used to provide information regarding movement of security forces to the Red rebels and actively participated in several Maoist offensives,\" the SP said.On Sunday, police had arrested two rebels, involved in kidnapping of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka in March, from a village in Narayanpatna block.\"Our counter-insurgency operations have been intensified and we expect more successes in the days to come,\" Kumar said.Meanwhile, resignation of gram rakhis (village guards) fearing Maoist attack continued in Koraput with six more, engaged in Boipariguda police station, putting in their papers on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "17396363", "title": "No contact between Beijing, Tibetan govt", "text": "TUMKUR: No contacts were set up between Beijing and the Tibetan government in exile, either in the run-up to the recently concluded 18th Communist Party Congress or earlier, the Dalai Lama said here on Tuesday.During early November, ahead of the congress in Beijing, several Tibetans had set themselves on fire in China to protest the forced occupation in Tibet. The spiritual leader of the Tibetan Buddhists had said on Monday that he was deeply saddened by the cases of self-immolation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395492", "title": "Inform admin about illegal construction and win cash", "text": "GURGAON: After repeated requests to residents living within the restricted 900 metres of IAF ammunition depot, the district administration has found a new of ensuring that no construction activity takes place in the area as per the court orders.The administration has asked people to inform whenever anyone sees any new unauthorized construction coming up in this area and a reward of Rs 500 will be given to the informer.The information can be given on police control room number 0124-100 or on deputy commissioner's office number 0124-2303333 or on toll free number 1800-1801-817 of Municipal Corporation Gurgaon (MCG).Apart from this two quick action teams (QATs) have also been constituted which will rush immediately to the construction site on getting information and take action against the defaulter besides demolishing the structure. One QAT will look after the area falling under the jurisdiction of Palam Vihar and sector 18 police stations while the other QAT will be for area falling under Sector 5 and Civil Lines police stations. Two JCBs will be kept stationed in both these police station areas for demolishing the unauthorized structures.The deputy commissioner PC Meena also called a meeting of officers to review the maintenance of status quo in this restricted area as per orders of Punjab and Haryana high court. He said that the administration would observe 'zero tolerance' on issue of constructions in prohibited zone and nobody will be spared. He also asked the police authorities to take up night patrolling in the restricted area to curb new constructions during the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396325", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation demolition drive sweeps out roadside kiosks", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation was undertaken on Tuesday in which numerous roadside kiosks were demolished and several encroachments removed.The drive started from the Rana Pratap Singh crossing on Stanley Road and proceeded to Mission Road. Later, it proceeded towards Kutchery and removed the numerous kiosks that have mushroomed in the area.The demolition squad then turned towards Laxmi cinema crossing and proceeded on the Master Zehrul Hasan Road, before proceeding towards Teliarganj, Phaphamau and Shantipuram Colony.In the entire drive, about 16 roadside kiosks were razed to the ground, numerous wooden trolleys were seized and about three trucks laden with the seized materials including stools, benches, tin shades and other materials returned to the Allahabad Municipal Corporation office.The drive would be undertaken in various other parts of the city in the coming days. On November 29, it would be in the Phapahamau area, and in the Katra and Colonelganj areas on November 30.On December 1, the demolition drive would be taken from Daraganj to Alopibagh. On December 3, the drive would be undertaken on the Noorullah road covering of Khuldabad and Akbarpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396615", "title": "Gurpurab celebrations: A trip to gurdwara, some holy lessons", "text": "LUDHIANA: City schools on Tuesday celebrated Gurpurab to mark the Parkash Utsav of Guru Nanak Dev, while apprising children of its significance.The atmosphere was devotional and blissful everywhere. Students came dressed in traditional attires sang hymns, gave speeches and recited poems on Guru Nanak Dev, while some schoolchildren headed to the gurdwaras. Students were taught that Guru Granth Sahib is a secular holy book and preached all to rise above petty differences and weaknesses.Mothers Pride Pre-school celebrated the festival by taking the children and teachers to the gurdwara at Sargodha Colony. Children learned the importance of religion and attended a \"kirtan\". Later, they enjoyed \"puri-chana\" along with \"prasad\". School director Shobhan Soi gave the message of love and peace to all.At Spring Dale Public School, Sherpur, the students celebrated the the occasion by recited poems and delivering lectures on the inspirational life of Guru Nanak Dev, during the morning assembly. Later during the day, various activities like Gurbani Kanth Muquabla and Shabad Gayan Muquabla were organized where students participated with great enthusiasm. Principal Sandeep Raikhi and headmistress Kamalpreet Kaur motivated students to follow the principles of Guru Sahib in order to replace darkness of negativity with light of knowledge.Staff and students of Little Steps Pre-school in BRS Nagar, organized religious prayers for the occasion.Staff and students of Little Steps Pre-school in BRS Nagar, organized religious prayers for the occasion. During a special activity, schoolkids designed \"Ek Omkar\" in Punjabi with sparkle and shells on paper. A visit to Gurdwara Sahib at E-Block BRS Nagar was also a part of the celebrations. Principal B M Bhandari explained the importance of Guru Nanak Dev in the Indian history and its relevance today.At Cherry Lane Play School, BRS Nagar, organized a prayer ceremony at school. A small version of \"Guru Granth Sahib\" was brought to school with great respect. Principle Charul Chowdhry and staff chanted \"Jap Ji Sahib path\", \"Chaupaee Sahib\" and \"Anand Sahib\".Little VIP Pre-school, Dugri, celebrated Gurpurab by organizing chant time competition. Students recited \"Mool Mantar\", \"Gayatri Mantra\", \"Eh Malik Tere Bande Hum\" and \"shabad\". Principal Rajinder Kaur thanked all and helped serve \"langar\".Green Land Public School, Jalandhar Bypass, sang hymns, \"Jahar Peer Jagat Guru Baba\", \"Sat Guru Nanak Pargatya\" with devotion. Through the celebrations the students were taught the teachings of Guru Nanak Dev. Chairman-cum-director Rajesh Rudhra wished prosperity and peace to all while highlighting the need to follow Guru's teachings.ABC Montessori School, Basant Avenue, was decorated with fresh flowers, net and coloured ribbons to celebrate the special occasion. Students sang hymns and stressed on the importance of unflinching faith in the Guru through their poems, speeches and \"sakhis\" portraying the life history of Guru Nanak Dev. The students also participated in \"Shudh Gurbani Path\". Following this a \"langar\" prepared by the staff was served to all. Director Charandeep Singh Dua stressed that students should remain attached to their roots as it will help pave way for a better future.At Valley School, Sarabha Nagar, the students and staff visited a gurdwara dressed as \"panch pyaras\" and recited \"Japji Sahib Path\". Principal Shivani Chaudhary enlightened the students of the teachings of Guru Nanak which helped mankind live a better life. \"Langar\" was served to conclude the programme.Bal Bharati Public School, Durgi, celebrated the occasion by speaking on the life and philosophy of Guru Nanak Dev in a special morning assembly. Later, students sang devotional songs. Principal Punam Dogra motivated the students to follow Guru's teachings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17398085", "title": "Aamir gets full security in Meerut after khaap killing", "text": "The murder in Bulandshahr of Abdul Hakim , a participant in Aamir Khan's 'Satyamev Jayate' episode on honour kill , sent shockwaves across the country. Coincidentally on Monday Aamir happened to be quite close to the scene of the grisly crime in Meerut to meet Hindi crime-fiction writer Ved Prakash Sharma. Understandably, Aamir who was shocked by the crime, spoke to the Meerut media expressing his strongest disapproval at the killing of a man who dared to marry outside his community.Apparently Aamir's public expression of disapproval at a sensitive volatile issue put the Meerut administration on high alert, and he was escorted out of the city under heavy security. Says a member of Aamir's team, \"We don't know how much danger Aamir's vocal disapproval of the killing put him under. But the local administration in Meerut certainly took serious note of his concern for the killing and the negative effect Aamir's utterances might have had on certain radical sections of people in and around Meerut. Bulandshahr where the killing happened is only 42 miles away from Meerut. The administration felt that there could be a backlash.\"Aamir, apparently, was unfazed. However the Meerut administration insisted on escorting the actor's team out of Meerut on their journey by road to Delhi. Says Aamir's team member, \"We were accompanied by a posse of policemen and security personnel. It took quite a while for them to be collected together to accompany Aamir's road journey to Delhi from Meerut. By the time Aamir reached Delhi it was almost morning the next day.\"The actor was actually in Meerut to meet pulp crime publisher and writer Ved Prakash Sharma. Says Aamir's team member, \" Talaash is a crime saga in the old tradition of pulp crime thrillers. Meerut is the only city where a culture of crime fiction still exists. Aamir was in the city to meet Hindi crime fictioner Ved Prakash Sharma who wrote crime bestsellers such as Pishach Sundari , Phir Aaya Toofan, Dadkan , etc.\"Apparently there are plans to convert the screenplay of Talaash into a novel after the film's release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394605", "title": "Three electrocuted at marriage venue in Bhilwara", "text": "JAIPUR: A 55-year-old man and two labourers were electrocuted when they came in contact with an overhead high-tension wire a day before the former's son's wedding in Bhilwara's Shakhargarh area on Tuesday morning. The three men were trying to put up an iron gate at the wedding venue.According to the police, the incident took place at Amalda village in the area around 9 am. \"The wedding of one Pyarelal Khatee's son was scheduled on Wednesday. The father was helping two labourers put up the iron gate for the wedding venue. An 11000 KV wire was passing over the area. The gate came in contact with the wire. All the three were holding the gate and they died on the spot,\" said a police officer.The two labourers were identified as Mahadev Meena (22) and Birma Kumar (24). A police team took the bodies to the mortuary of the local government hospital where the post mortem was conducted.The family members and the guest who had already arrived to participate in the wedding were left shocked and grief-stricken by the tragedy.\"Everyone has forgot about the wedding. The family members cremated the bodies in the evening,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17396674", "title": "Shell out $500,000 &amp; you can settle down in Mars", "text": "LONDON: SpaceX founder Elon Musk has announced detailed plans to send 80,000 people to colonize Mars by ferrying explorers to the Red Planet for $500,000 per trip.Musk, the first private space entrepreneur to launch a successful mission to the International Space Station, said what would begin by first sending less than 10 people could blossom \"into something really big\". \"At Mars, you can start a self-sustaining civilization and grow it into something really big,\" Musk told the Royal Aeronautical Society in London.Laying out precise details and figures to his \"difficult\" but \"possible\" plans, the space pioneer says the first ferry of explorers would be no more than 10 people, the Daily Mail reported. \"The ticket price needs to be low enough that most people in advanced countries, in their mid-40s or something like that, could put together enough money to make the trip,\" he said.Instead of lounging around on an interplanetary vacation, the passengers would be sent to work, carrying with them equipment to build sustainable housing on the dusty and barren soil for future generations, the report said.Immediate ground work would focus on building transparent domes pressurized with carbon dioxide while possibly covered in a layer of water to serve as protection from the Sun.Musk, founder and CEO of private spaceflight company SpaceX, claimed with the help of carbon dioxide, Martian soil would be capable of growing crops for food.Equipment carried over could also produce fertilizers, methane and oxygen using the atmosphere's natural elements of nitrogen, carbon dioxide and its surface of ice water. One person out of every 100,000 people would be interested in making the journey with 8 billion expected on Earth by time his plans become reality, Musk said.He expects the mission to the Red Planet to be completed in the next 15 to 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17393521", "title": "6 boys, girls found in locked flat at Sagar Avenue", "text": "BHOPAL: Doors of a flat were opened in police presence on early Tuesday morning following a complaint from residents of Sagar Avenue a residential colony at Ayodhya by-pass. The police found half a dozen boys and girls inside the apartment, who reportedly told police that they had assembled there to celebrate a birthday.Police picked the boys and girls and later released them after informing their parents.The controversy started late night on Monday after three girls and three boys misbehaved with the security guards on duty at the entrance gate when they inquired about them as they tried to enter the colony. After misbehaving with the security guards, the girls went inside an apartment- rented by one of the accused.The guards tipped off the residents who tried to speak to the youth who had rented the flat. He later told them that he had his cousins visiting him and assured that there will be no problems after which the residents returned.However, on hearing disturbance and noises from inside the flat, local residents called the police early morning at 4.30 am. When the cops got the doors opened, three boys and three girls were found inside.The youths told the police that they had come to celebrate a friend's birthday and after getting late in the night they decided to stay back. The youths were taken to police station and later released after informing their parents.Confirming the incident, the police said the youths were caught in a flat, which was locked from outside. The issue has been resolved, the police added. \"The police went to Sagar Avenue on a complaint by local residents and settled the issue,\" said town inspector C P Dwivedi.Residents alleged this was not for the first time that such incident had taken place and the youth was warned in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17394474", "title": "Nagar kirtan carried out peacefully in Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: The local administration heaved a sigh of relief on Tuesday as the nagar kirtan procession was taken out peacefully in the town. Heavy police force was deployed to avert any confrontation between Sikh and Dera Sacha Sauda followers.Sikhs and Dera followers had clashed on Saturday, leaving seven persons badly injured.Personnel of Rapid Action Force (RAF), Central Reserve Police (CRP) and district police walked alongside the nagar kirtan procession to ensure law and order. The nagar kirtan route was also chalked out by the local administration in a way to avoid all possible points in town where trouble could have been created.\"Everything went off peacefully. Heavy police arrangements had been made to avoid any clash,\" Sirsa deputy commissioner J Ganesan said. The curfew was relaxed from 6am to 9pm on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Dera functionaries Sat Pal Insan and Ram Pal Insan are among those booked in connection with Saturday's clash. Police had booked 2000 Dera men following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396270", "title": "Team India forgot to practise what they had planned", "text": "Adaptability is the magic word for success at the international level, and even more so in Test cricket. The trio of Harbhajan Singh, Pragyan Ojha and R Ashwin failed this key test despite having grown on these tracks and conditions and India lost by 10 wickets on a track that was conducive for spin.In 2004, against Australia on an under-prepared Wankhede strip, non-regular spinner Michael Clarke took 6 for 9 in 6 overs while Harbhajan Singh had rattled them with 5 for 29.Murali Kartik, who took 7 wickets in that match, says: \"I didn't plan anything, I just had to adapt to the different surface compared to the Nagpur track in the previous Test. That wicket was green and didn't turn, so I had bowled my normal style, flighting and mixing things up. But in Mumbai, I knew I had to change and be quicker through the air because the wicket was spinning and had consistent upward bounce. Sunil Gavaskar, who was the batting consultant of the team, told me, 'Don't give the batsman too much time. Keep your natural style in the locker for this game.' It worked, as the key was to put the ball in the right areas each time and not allow batsmen too much leeway.\"Kiran More, who played a lot of first-class and Test matches at the Wankhede, agrees. \"At the Wankhede on the first day, because of the red soil that has moisture, the ball skids. Remember the Test in 1993 against England at the same venue? Rajesh Chauhan and Venkatpathy Raju were turning the ball sharply and as I was the wicketkeeper, I could clearly see the batsmen were struggling. They lost 5 wickets in the first session. Our bowlers bowled too short and Cook-Pietersen attacked Harbhajan. They knew he was under pressure because he was staging a comeback. I get the feeling they have nicely planned how to play Ashwin's carom ball,\" says More.So, where did out bowlers go wrong?Off-spin great Erappalli Prasanna feels Indian spinners didn't bowl the right length. \"After winning the toss, when you score over 350 runs, our bowlers should have got them out within 250. Length is mandatory and line is optional, but none of our spinners settled down to length and line. I didn't see any aggression in our spinners. As far as field placing was concerned, if the bowlers had no clue, how can you blame the captain? Tiger Pataudi and Sunil Gavaskar would expect the bowlers to set fields. When you bowl badly, batsmen will attack, which is what Pietersen and Cook did. This pitch wasn't bad at all. The odd ball was turning. On such a pitch, Vijay Manjrekar and Sunil Gavaskar would have shown us how to play spinners. They were masters because I bowled to them on rank bad turners,\" says Prasanna.Dilip Vengsarkar agrees, \"We didn't use the conditions well. Cook and Pietersen certainly batted well, but our bowlers weren't accurate. How can a spinner bowl short on a turner? This let the England batsmen go on the back foot. In any match you can't be bowling on both side of the wicket but here Indian spinners were doing it all the time!\"In the 1973 Ranji final between Bombay and Madras, played at Madras on a rank bad turner, Bombay were all out for 151 on the first day against the likes of Venkatraghavan and VV Kumar, and by the end of the day's play, Madras were 2 down for 63.Next day, Shivalkar changed his approach and kept flighting the ball. The ball spun so sharply that many of his deliveries, after landing, would go to Wadekar in the first slip! On the second day, within 45 minutes with the addition of only 17 runs, they lost 8 wickets. Shivalkar took 8 for 16, and Madras were bowled out for 80. The match was over in two days.It does seem like the Indian team indulged in playing mind games through the media and in the bargain, overlooked the important aspect of practising what they had planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395721", "title": "Actor, six others held on assault charges", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Bhuvaneshwari and six others, including an advocate, were arrested on Tuesday on charges of assaulting a police head constable and another person at a drive-in theatre on East Coast Road. Bhuvaneshwari was nabbed near Madhya Kailash while apparently trying to flee to Bangalore, while advocate Dhamodhar Krishnan and five others were arrested from other places in the city.Police said a patrol team cruising near Madhya Kailash spotted Bhuvaneshwari's car and intercepted it. The patrol team ascertained the identity of the actor and alerted the Neelankarai police. A team headed by Adyar deputy commissioner R Sudhakar and assistant commissioner Mohammad Aslam went there and arrested her. Subsequently, Dhamodhar Krishnan and the others were nabbed.The arrested \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rajesh (24) of Saligramam, J Mani (24) of Virugambakkam, Kavin Raj (22) of Annai Indira Nagar in Virugambakkam, Gopi (23) of Bharathi Nagar in Nesapakkam and Sankar (30) of Burma Colony \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were engaged in the painting works at the advocate's house on Sunday night and rushed to the drive-in theatre after reportedly receiving a phone call from him, police said. Bhuvaneshwari, Dhamodhar Krishnan and 10 others assaulted Kumar of Selaiyur following a minor accident. They also attacked a police head constable, who attempted to pacify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17393679", "title": "Shift mobile towers from schools, hospitals: Rajasthan HC", "text": "JAIPUR: In a judgment that could have nationwide impact, the Rajasthan high court on Tuesday ordered the relocation of mobile towers from educational institutions, hospitals and playgrounds in the state within two months, citing harmful electromagnetic radiation.The court further ruled that the towers should be shifted at least 500m from jails and 100m from monuments.\"We have received a large number of communications from the state and across the country that mobile tower radiations are harmful and even the inter-ministerial committee of the central government in its meeting in May this year has held so,\" a division bench of chief justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain observed the bench in its 200-page judgment. \"Even the Supreme Court has held that the radiation is hazardous and supported our view while rejecting the appeal filed against our interim order for relocation of towers away from schools.\"The inter-ministerial committee had emphasized that electromagnetic radiation from cellphones and towers had both thermal and non-thermal effects. These waves, it said, \"cook human tissues just like a microwave oven if the body is exposed to this radiation for long\". The bench directed the state government and mobile companies to follow norms and guidelines that the committee prescribed on May 31.\"(The court) held on the basis the committee's report that the radiation causes cancer , brain tumour, digestive disorder, tachycardia and other diseases and disorders in human body,\" said Prateek Kasliwal, who appeared for petitioner Justice (retired) I S Israni. He said the bench noted that a mobile phone should not be used for more than 20-25 minutes daily. \"But the consumers are not being made aware of this fact by the mobile manufacturing as well as service providing company,\" he said. \"The bench has also directed that the radiation emission level of mobile phones be made public as suggested by the department of technology.\"The court dismissed petitions filed by the Cellular Operators Association of India and Associate Union of Telecom Service Providers in India, challenging the 2G and 3G mobile tower/pole by-laws, 2012, framed by the state government in September.Their lawyer Gopal Subramaniyam contended that the by-laws were \"unjust\" and amounted to restraining livelihood. He also argued that the state government was not competent to frame laws as telecommunication was not a state subject.The bench rejected the contentions and upheld the by-laws, saying they were regulatory measures and framed after a Centre's advisory based on the recommendations of the inter-ministerial committee. \"...As such the regulations framed for seeking prior permission and to place restriction on installation of mobile towers and base antennas at some specified places cannot be said to be illegal and ultra vires,\" the bench said. \"For installation of towers as per Union of India itself, the permission is required to be sought from local municipal bodies as such they have all right to regularize their installation and put a restraint for installation at some places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17396940", "title": "Kerala gets ready for subsidy revolution", "text": "KOCHI: Two districts from Kerala - Wayanad and Pathanamthitta- that are on the list of 51 districts where direct cash transfer (DCT) of subsidies will begin in January 2013 - are moving fast to complete all pre-requisites to launch the programme. The preparatory work got a boost on Monday after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reiterated that the January deadline will remain unchanged. Although there has been no formal communication, Kerala State IT Mission (KSITM) did receive an e-mail from the regional office of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) asking if the nodal agency was prepared to implement DCT.\"Kerala has decided to give the pilot projects a miss and go for a roll-out of the UID-enabled direct cash transfers scheme. Earlier, the state government had decided to transfer subsidies on kerosene to beneficiaries via bank account once UID enrolments reached 80% in Kochi and Neyyattinkara taluks as part of a pilot project. After facing stiff resistance from ration dealers' associations, providing kerosene subsidy for fishing boats through banks has been put on the backburner,\" said KSITM's head of e-governance G Unnikrishnan.The state government spends around Rs 700 crore per annum as subsidy, but, unofficial estimates suggest that around Rs 350 crore worth of goods are being siphoned off. \"Transferring subsidy through banks will check this black market, but the ration dealers live off commission and the government could bring them on board by increasing their commission. The move can ensure savings of around Rs 200 crore,\" said Unnikrishnan.The two districts were chosen as 90% of the total population were enrolled. While there were instances of duplication in National Population Registry (NPR) in Wayanad, there would be no duplication of UID numbers said officials. However, generating numbers for overlapping applicants could take up to five months.Authorities are preparing a database of NREGA beneficiaries in Wayanad and Pathanamthitta. At present, 2,852 beneficiaries of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act Scheme in Wayanad and 5,526 in Pathanamthitta have registered for Aadhaar-enabled payment system. KSITM is likely to suggest that DCT scheme can also be implemented in Ernakulam after it became the first district in the country to achieve 100% financial inclusion.Sixteen welfare fund boards and eight schemes are in the process of digitizing their records so as to enable direct cash transfer facility at the earliest. Around 80% of digitisation has been achieved overall. Of them Kerala Agricultural Workers' Welfare Fund Board has completed the procedure. Data of 2 lakh beneficiaries from Kerala Tailoring Workers' Welfare Fund Board have been recorded.\"Approximately 60 lakh members draw benefits from welfare fund boards and the first step is to digitize the database, which would be completed by December 31. Then, beneficiaries will be sorted panchayat-wise to weed bogus recipients,\" said additional labour commissioner VL Anil Kumar.FAQsWhat is Aadhaar? It is a 12-digit Unique Identification Number for Indian residents. Anyone from five years of age can apply for the UID number. The number will store basic demographics and biometric information - photograph, ten fingerprints and iris - of each individual in a central database. UIDAI authorities have urged those who have got their UID number to memorize it, as carrying the card is not mandatoryI have already applied for NPR, do I need to apply for UID?No. The National Population Register will share an individual's biometric details with the UADAI to generate a UID number. However, if you have applied for UID, you need not give your biometric details for NPR, but enrolling for NPR is mandatoryI have applied for both NPR and UID, will two UID numbers be generated?Officials of Kerala State IT Mission have confirmed that even if candidates apply for both NPR and UID, only one UID number will be generated as the biometrics will be cross-referredI am a temporary resident in Kerala, can I apply for an UID here?If you are an out-of-state resident, you can apply for UID at one of the enrolment centres with a provision to send your UID card to your temporary address. Following documents are required at the time of enrolment: Aadhaar application form, residence proof, identity proof with photoWhat to do if there is a spelling mistake/change of address, or if I have missed UID enrolment?Phase two of the Aadhaar will have a permanent enrolment centre in every block in May 2013. New applicants can apply, and any error in the data can be rectified What about NRKs?As of now there is no provision for NRKs to apply for UID", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17396092", "title": "Vedike targets library staff over unused books", "text": "KARWAR: Members of the District Janashakthi Vedike on Tuesday barged into the district central library in Karwar in protest against the staff's alleged lackadaisical attitude.The members alleged that though about 75,000 to 80,000 new books arrived in the library, the employees have not even opened the packets. They demanded that the books be distributed to all the libraries in 11 taluks of Uttara Kannada district immediately.Madhav Nayak, president of Janashakthi Vedike, alleged that poor students, who depend on the library to read books, are denied of the facility. \"The employees still keep old and outdated books in the racks while new books are kept in the store room. Every year, the government is spending more than Rs 35 lakh to supply books to this library. But, people have no use. Though computers have been provided to help students a few years ago, they are not seen in the library now,\" he alleged. He also accused the staff of coming to the library according to their whims and fancies.When contacted, Shashidhar Bairanatti, in-charge deputy director of the district library, said the library employees have the responsibility of supplying books to rural libraries in the district. \"Shortage of staff has hampered the work. The library has only 12 staff against the sanctioned post of 33. The books will be distributed to other libraries soon. If the employees are not punctual, action will be taken against them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17394556", "title": "Double murder: Khap panchayat to meet today", "text": "ROHTAK: The Pawar khap panchayat has deferred its crucial meeting for a day in Bond Kalan village of Bhiwani district regarding their demand to arrest the most wanted criminal, Kulveer Singh, who has been absconding for 13 days after committing double murder in the village. The meeting would now be held in the village on Wednesday, which would be attended by people from seven adjoining villages.Khap panchayat pradhan Rajender Singh Pawar said they had given a deadline to police twice, but the police had failed to nab the criminal. The police have so far arrested three persons, who are brothers of the main accused in connection with the incident, but Kulveer is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395669", "title": "Man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found inside a burnt car", "text": "CHENNAI: A charred body of a man was recovered from a burnt car in Neelankarai on East Coast Road just after midnight on Tuesday. The man could have slept inside the vehicle with the air-conditioner on and this could have sparked the fire, police said. An investigation is on.Police said a security guard of a private company nearby was the first on the spot. \"Thick smoke was emanating from the car parked on the road side. Before the guard reached the car, a fire broke out. He went closer and saw a body on the front seat fully engulfed by the flames. The car has a central locking system and the guard could open the doors from outside,\" a police officer said. The guard rushed back to the company and alerted other employees. By the time, they reached the place, the car was fully gutted. Soon, fire and rescue services personnel reached the place and put out the fire.The Neelankarai police arrived later. \"We confirmed the deceased was a male, based on the witness version and by the remains of the charred body,\" a police officer said. Forensic experts have lifted samples from the spot. The fire may have caused by a burning cigarette end falling on the mat on the car floor. Efforts are on to trace the identity of the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17396634", "title": "Chinese dissidents pip Nobel laureate to global thinkers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 list", "text": "BEIJING: Two Chinese political dissidents have made it to the list of top 100 global thinkers compiled by American magazine, Foreign Policy. But Mo Yan, the 2012 winner of Nobel Prize for literature, and the only Chinese to get the award, is not on the list.The magazine has chosen two of Mo's close competitors for the Nobel, Haruki Murakami (ranked 49) and Salman Rushdie (33), as one of the 100 contemporary thinkers influencing the world.Figuring high on the list \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ahead of Germany's Angela Merkel and Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is Chen Guangcheng ranked nine. Chen is the blind activist who caused embarrassment to the government by escaping house arrest and taking shelter in the US embassy in Beijing in April this year.The next Chinese on the list is the irreverent artist Ai Wei Wei, ranked 26. No favourite of the government, he has been in and out of jail and faces prosecution for failure to pay taxes.The list, which has six from China, includes economist Yu Jianrong (54), who is campaigning for freedom of speech, and environment activist Ma Jun (69), famous for exposing government claims about pollution standards by diligently recording and publishing key statistics.The Chinese government is extremely sensitive about dissidents getting international acclaim. It threw a diplomatic tantrum when the Nobel Peace Prize for 2010 was awarded to human rights activist Liu Xiabao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396300", "title": "Carcinogenic impact of radiation discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the second day of the International Conference on Radiation, Cancer and Society (ICRCS-2012), scientists from UK, Japan and South Korea along with many renowned scientists from India delivered talks on Tuesday.Matsumoto from T I T Japan delivered talk on the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power plant accident from the aspect of radiation biologist and explained the pros and cons of nuclear energy used for power generation. Mohi Rezvani from University of Readings UK spoke on treatment of radiation-induced normal tissue damage with the use of nano technology/stem cell therapy. He explained the role of adult stem cell obtained from bone marrow or adipose tissue for treatment of radiation induced lesions of normal cells.B N Pandey head of the department of radiation biology and health sciences division from Bhabha Atomic Research Centre delivered an interesting and informative talk on the differential effects of low and high dose of radiation in directly irradiated and bystander cells with relevance to radiation risk assessment. S P Mishra from Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences Lucknow briefed the listeners about emerging glimpses of BIOART (Biologically Adoptive Radiotherapy) in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. He highlighted the advanced diagnostic tools used in diagnosis and prognosis of the disease.Dr S I Rizvi from Allahabad University delivered a talk on anti-aging effect of tea polyphenols and emphasised use of pluri-potent drug candidates as more promising agents for treatment and management of cancer. R K Purohit of radiation biology laboratory from Government Dungar College Bikaner elaborated the protective effect of emblica against radiation and lead-induced changes in the kidney of Swiss albino mice. tnnOm Pal Singh delivered talk on environmental impact of radiation from nuclear power and Anita Verma spoke on application of nanotechnology for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer.A journal titled 'Journal of Nehru Gram Bharati University' (JNGBU), edited and compiled by Dr Rudra Prakash Ojha-NGBU, was released during the valedictory function of the conference. In all of three technical sessions, a young scientist session and poster session were conducted followed by a cultural programme on the second day of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396568", "title": "Mysore moves ahead in cash transfer system", "text": "MYSORE: When the country steps into the era of direct cash transfers (DCT) to beneficiaries of subsidized schemes from January, Mysore will have a major part to play.The domestic LPG consumers in the city are on the road to script history as they will get the subsidy as cash component credited to their account. The Mysore model could change the way subsidies reach targeted beneficiaries in India.When the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) selected Mysore for its pilot project for the ambitious Unique Identification (UID) number in April 2010, it was to look how the mechanism works on the ground.Now, having completed 95 per cent of the enrolment of citizens in Mysore district, the UIDAI has partnered with oil marketing companies to use the data for biometric authentication at the time of delivery of domestic LPG cylinders, a step towards payment of the subsidy directly to consumers.Ahead of the implementation of the project, the UIDAI has partnered with three oil PSUs-IOCL, BPCL and HPCL-to implement the project aimed at direct cash disbursal of subsidy of the domestic cooking gas users.While the biometric authentication is to ensure that the cylinders are not diverted, the DCT is aimed at curbing corruption. The data collected during the enrolment for the 12-digit unique identification (UID) number is being used for the authentication of the consumer now. Three gas agencies in the city are supplying cylinders after Aadhaar biometric authentication. These agencies have collected details, including the bank account numbers, from consumers to transfer the subsidy amount.A senior official said they are delivering nearly 15,000 LPG refills in Mysore using biometric system for a few weeks now. The facility will be extended to the remaining select consumers under the pilot project in the coming days. For the implementation of DCT to these consumers, they are awaiting approval from the Union government, he added.According to Food and Civil supplies officials, Mysore district has about 5.3 lakh LPG customers and 28 distributors in the district. There are 3.6 lakh gas connections in the city alone which will be brought under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394255", "title": "Shiv Sena firm on demand for Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has reiterated its demand for setting up Balasaheb Thackeray's memorial on the Shivaji Park grounds. A makeshift edifice built for Balasaheb's funeral pyre has already been turned into a sacred relic attracting a steady of Shiv Sainiks.\"The park is closely intertwined with Balasaheb's life and times. His countless followers think the park was born for Balasaheb. His memorial should be set up on the historic ground,'' Sena MP Sanjay Raut told mediapersons on Tuesday. In a clear indication that the Sena was all set to confront the ruling DF on the memorial issue, Raut said,\"We fervently appeal to the state government to keep law and official agencies out of this.\" Toeing Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's line, Raut said, \"The issue will be decided by Shiv Sainiks.\"This was stated by Uddhav last week when the state government began to drop indications that a Thackeray memorial on the iconic Shivaji Park was not a feasible proposal in view of a slew of rulings and restrictions by the Bombay high court. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday categorically ruled out the idea. Senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi struck a belligerent note in Nashik the same day when he hinted that Sainiks may have to take law into their hands to set up the memorial at the park.With the Sena ready to tap the memorial row, Chavan may have to prepare himself for an acid test, notwithstanding his excellent equations with Uddhav, say Sena watchers.Meanwhile, the Raj Thackeray-led MNS is mum on the issue after one of its Mumbai corporator's statement. Sandeep Deshpande had said last week that two memorials\u00e2\u20ac\u201done for Thackeray and the other in memory of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar\u00e2\u20ac\u201d should be built on the Indu Mill land . The MNS distanced itself from Deshpande's statement. \"Building opulent memorials isn't the way to commemorate a great leader. Projects for the welfare of the public should be undertaken and named after departed leaders,'' said Anil Shidore, general secretary, MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396360", "title": "Over 2L ration cards for Kumbh pilgrims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to distribute cereals and kerosene oil, Kumbh Mela authorities have decided to distribute over 2 lakh ration cards among beneficiaries including the kalpwasi (visitors performing kumbh rituals) and akhara members. Each ration card will have a serial number along with name and address of card holder and his/her mobile phone number. Authorities have asked the district supply officer to print a hologram on the ration cards to avoid duplication. The cards would be distributed manually and details would be fed on computers along with cards distributed to akharas.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi said \"A total of 16 regional food officers and 36 supply inspectors have been appointed for smooth functioning of distribution and 12 additional supply clerks have also been provided for the same\". He added that additional staff from various departments such as revenue, etc has been appointed to make the ration cards and 150 lekhpals have also been assigned the task.Food Commissioner has also already instructed mela authorities to provide details of ration cards distributed during previous ardh kumbh or kumbh since 1992 to district supply officer within a week.Here, regional food controller Allahabad claimed four godowns would be set up by December 1 out of which three would be used for storing around 400 metric tones of cereals and the remaining would be utilised for storing 1,000 metric tones of cereals.Authorities have also earmarked sites for setting up these godowns and contractors have been appointed to take care of the work. Besides, authorities have also completed necessary formalities for providing an insurance cover to the godowns.The stockists would be required to obtain a no-objection certificate from the department of explosives control &amp; fire for ensuring safety. The food materials stored inside each godown would be checked on a weekly basis by the department of food sampling and drug control.Instructions have been issued by the food commissioner also to provide food stocks to 13 main akharas from the godowns while the small akharas would be provided food stock at government fair price shops.The union government has allocated cereals on OMSS rates. Around 16,200 tonnes wheat, 9,600 tonnes of rice and 6,000 metric tonne levy sugar for kumbh mela.The department of food distribution Allahabad informed that there is one flour mill at Allahabad and three large wheat grinding units. Authorities should coordinate with employees' welfare corporation and branded companies to provide flour at reasonable prices to kalpwasis.District Supply officer Allahabad maintained that around 125 fair price shops would be set up at mela and 25 additional shops would be kept in reserve. Similarly, 25 kerosene oil distributors would also be appointed.Efforts are underway to select a suitable distributor for supplying LPG and petrol to beneficiaries. But contract would be valid only till the mela period. The agency owners would be required to insure fair shops and godowns and would not be allowed to file any claim against mela authorities. The selection of kerosene oil dealers and gas agency owners would be done through a lottery system.* Over 2 lakh ration cards to be distributed during Kumbh* Every ration card has a serial number and a hologram to be pasted on it* Duties of 150 lekhpals assigned to prepare ration cards.* Ration cards to have additional security features* Ration cards to be issued manually but its records to be stored on computers* 125 fair price shops to be set up for kumbh* Four godowns to be set up for supply of cereals and other essential commodities by December 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17395645", "title": "Five more babies die in Malda hospital", "text": "MALDA: Crib deaths continued to haunt Malda hospital on Tuesday with five more deaths being reported since Monday night, taking the toll to 24 in the last six days. While doctors and hospital authorities blamed poor infrastructure for the deaths, patients seemed to be at the receiving end.On Monday night, Rahima Biwi, of Amrity in English Bazaar police station area, lost her 13-day-old son. The baby was suffering from breathing problems. While the four-day-old daughter of Kalichak's Soma Biwi succumbed to her ailment, Jhuma Biswas' two-day-old son died on Tuesday morning. Deaths of two more newborns were reported on Tuesday, taking the number of deaths in the last 24 hours to 11.Union minister of state for health A H Khan Chowdhury on Tuesday assured CM Mamata Banerjee of help, saying he'll send an expert team from the health ministry if Mamata Banerjee \"agrees\".Balurghat's Arati Mandal who lost her newborn on Monday said, \"The children's ward is very cold. Besides, the nurses and doctors are indifferent. It was because of these reasons that my baby died.\"Sources in the Medical College said that in September 50 babies had died, while on October it was 54. The number might cross 100 in November alone, they feared.Asit Bias, spokesperson of the state health department, said: \"It is true that many babies died in the last few days, but the numbers don't worry us. Instead, we want to find out the reasons and ways to control it.\" He, however, denied that any special team will be visiting Malda.Dr U Bhadra, principal of the Medical College, blamed poor infrastructure and large number of patients for the crib deaths. \"With the hospital turned to Medical College, the number of patients has increased almost eight times, but not the number of beds or doctors. It is very difficult to serve them properly. Relatives crowding the wards have added to the woes.\" \"Most of the dead babies were underweight and premature,\" he added.In the rerun of last year's script, the increase in number of crib death went in tandem with the belittling the issue. This time the authority refused even to divulge the number. However, death seems to have no check with the mercury falling down in this part of the world. 5 more babies died since last night at Malda Medical College and Hospital altogether taking the number to 24 in 6 days. Those who died included two of Sick Neonatal Care Unit (SNCU). While the doctors put the onus on lack of awareness and infrastructure, the patients remained at the receiving end.Rahima Biwi of Amrity under English Bazaar Police Station had lost her 13 days old son last night. The baby was suffering from breathing trouble. 4 days old daughter of Soma Biwi of Kaliachak also succumbed to her ailment. Jhuma Biswas of Kumargunj of South Dinajpur had given birth of a son 2 days back here. But this morning the baby died. Two more babies died today. With this the number of death has been 11 in last 24 hours.Although the Medical College authority remained tight lipped over the details of the victims, bereaved mothers like Afroja Biwi of Kaliachak, Pratima Mandal and Shilpi Halder of Old Malda, Nilmoni Pahan of Balurghat or Arati Khatun of Ratua held the poor treatment in hospital as responsible for their children's death. Arati Mandal of Balurghat who had lost her new born baby yesterday said, \"Bitter cold within the children ward along with the indifference of the sister and doctors saw my baby died within a day.\"Sources from medical college claimed that number of babies died in September was 50 while in October it was 54. But November might surpass the number beyond 100 as feared. Dr Asit Biswas, spokesperson of State Health Department was not ready to divulge the numbers, \"It is true that number of babies died in last few days but we are not worried with the numbers. Rather we are to find out the reasons and way to control it.\" However, he denied of any special team visiting Malda right now.On the other hand, Dr U Bhadra, Principal of Medical College, kept on repeating same old story of poor infrastructure to combat the overflowing of patients, \"With the hospital turned to Medical College, the number of patients has increased almost eight times, but not the number of beds or doctors. It is most difficult to serve them properly. The relatives gathering in the wards, has added to the woes.\" However, he described most of the dead babies as underweight and premature and remained vulnerable to any infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17395113", "title": "Man crushed to death by tree trunk", "text": "BICHOLIM: Sixty-year-old Vasant Gaddi from Mayem was crushed under a trunk of a mango tree which he was cutting with the help of two assistants at a private residence on Tuesday at 8.30am.PI Ninad Deulkar said that the deceased along with Digambar Naik and Shailesh Naik had taken a contract to cut a mango tree. While in the process of cutting it, the trunkcame crashing down directly on him. His body was send to GMC at Bambolim for an autopsy. The body was later handed over to his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396383", "title": "Kids sniff meat in pots, reject mid-day meal", "text": "KANPUR: Students of Primary school Shahpur Jogidera in Jhinjhak block of Kanpur Dehat district boycotted mid-day meal on Monday on grounds that their school kitchen and utensils were allegedly being used for preparing non-vegeterian food by the village head's husband and the latter's aides.Students and parents of Shahpur Jogidera in Kanpur Dehat, on Monday staged a massive demonstration at the school and demanded stringent action against the guilty.According to the protesters, Radha Krishna Rajput, husband of the village head and his associates got non-vegetarian food cooked in the utensils in the school kitchen and organised a liquor party on the school premises on November 19 evening.\"How can a person, whose spouse holds such a responsible post, use an educational institute in such a manner? We can't accept this at all, and their anti-social act has not only violated constitutional norms but also hurt our sentiments,\" said Basant Nath, a local of Shahpur Jogidera.Brijendra Pandiyan district magistrate who was apprised by the villagers about the issue ordered an inquiry. \"We want strict action against the guilty. The school is not the private property of the village head or her husband. How can our children eat a meal prepared in the same pots used for preparing non-vegeterian food,\" said Baijnath, another villager.On instructions of district magistrate, Fateh Bahadur Singh basic education officer further directed assistant Arun Awasthi basic education officer of the district to rush to the spot and conduct a probe.Singh, however, said, \"According to report submitted by assistant basic education officer, we found two school teachers responsible for the episode. Teachers identified as Mohd Ilyas and Mohd Iqbal have been suspended for allowing village head's husband and his men to prepare meat dishes in the school kitchen.\"Meanwhile, village head's husband Rajput emphatically denied the charges as baseless and added that it was a \"political conspiracy\" against him. \"Neither me nor my supporters have ever cooked non-vegeterian food in the school or organised any liquor party there,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17394186", "title": "Dearth of qualified teachers hits govt schools in Hyderabad's Old City", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17395934", "title": "Rats at the doorsteps of the netas", "text": "BANGALORE: Garbage is turning out to be a great equalizer. It has spared none in the city: the rich and poor localities have been equally hit by rotting, uncollected garbage. It now transpires that trash has arrived literally at the doorsteps of the state's seat of power\u00e2\u20ac\u201dVidhana Soudha.Garbage dumped in and around Vidhana Souda has led to it becoming a home for rats.The pest control agency and health office functioning under the department of personnel and administrative reforms (DPAR) have admitted that the count of dead rats has spiked to 200 monthly from less than 50 earlier. \"The number of dead rats has gone up in Vidhana Soudha in the past few months compared to the months before September. This may be due to the garbage mess,\" they said.Though garbage is cleared daily in Vidhana Soudha, the mess in the neighbouring areas is said to have increased the population here. \"This apart, open spaces and greenery in Cubbon Park and Vidhana Soudha attract rodents,\" sources in the health section said.Sri Ganga Facility and Management, a private pest control agency, has been involved in rodent control activities in Vidhana Soudha. Poison tablets and traps are used by the agency to kill rats. \"These activities are normally done on a Saturday after the closure of all the offices. Tablets are kept in the chambers from where we have received complaints. Poison tablets are also placed in holes/pits in the lawn and other open places in Vidhana Soudha. The clean-up activity is taken up before offices open on Monday,\" said N Vishwanath, chief contractor of pest control agency.He said a count is kept only of those rats which are found in offices and open places. \"Rats that die in the holes cannot be counted,\" said Vishwanath.He said a count is kept only of those rats which are found in offices and open places. \"Rats that die in the holes cannot be counted,\" said Vishwanath.A top official in the DPAR said that the chief minister's and chief secretary's offices are spared from the usage of poison tablets as the department fears that the rats after consuming poison may die in remote corners and emanate bad smell. \"These are the two offices where VIPs and other national and international dignitaries visit. The smell of a dead will be embarrassing for the CM. So we use only traps to catch rats in the CM and CS offices,\" he said.Dengue fearDengue fear has gripped Vidhana Soudha and Vikasa Soudha. A massive anti-dengue exercise is being taken up in both these places every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394647", "title": "AICTE chief ridicules Nasscom findings", "text": "NAGPUR: AICTE chairman SS Mantha came down heavily on the surveys done by Nasscom and other firms which said only 25% graduates in India are employable. Interacting with TOI during his visit to the Nagpur University on Tuesday, he questioned the very basis of these surveys, stating those were limited to very few people.\"India has over 1.5 million engineering degree and 1 million diploma seats. Of them, about one million graduate every year. If we considered survey figures, then about 7.5 lakh engineers should be rendered unemployed. If cumulative average of five years is taken into account then it will have 35 lakh unemployed engineers,\" he said.He said this situation would have led to civil war but the reality was in stark contrast. \"This is certainly not the case and maximum of them are getting jobs. The only problem is they are underemployed and not getting the deserving salary. These surveys were conducted without any logical background and thus create confusion.\"The AICTE chief stated that Nasscom had taken database of candidates coming for interviews in 500 IT companies and arrived at these conclusions. \"But India is a vast country and these findings are far from reality,\" he said. This is for the first time that any apex body had come out openly against Nasscom survey.Mantha reiterated AICTE's stand of improving quality education, stating that it had started an e-governance project under by collecting data from all the states. He however admitted that no survey was conducted on actual number of jobs in engineering and other professional sectors in India and their demand-supply gap. \"For an important branch like mining, having tremendous demand in the market, there are only 654 seats in the entire country. Similarly, for architecture, only 7,000 seats are available,\" he lamented.The former pro-VC of SNDT University admitted that there were concerns on the quality of engineering entrance examinations conducted by the states. MHT-CET entrance conducted by the Maharashtra government for admission to engineering, medical, pharmacy and veterinary courses has qualifying marks of just 1/200. \"This is precisely the reason we have brought the concept of joint engineering examination (JEE) which will test the candidate's skills,\" he said.He ridiculed the present school system, terming it as \"redundant\" as marks of Std X and XII were not considered for the admission to professional courses. \"The students have completely lost the focus on the board examination and started ignoring it. We therefore have decided to give 40% weightage to the Std XII board examination and 60% to JEE so that students should focus equally on both.\"Mantha said they had started acting tough on the erring and illegal colleges and had closed down 25 of them for dearth of facilities. \"We also issue notices and advertisements from time to time, warning students and parents to fully check institute's credentials on AICTE website.\"He said the states had failed to submit their perspective plans for new colleges to AICTE and so far only two or three of them had done so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395816", "title": "Aspirant turns to crime after failing IAS", "text": "CHENNAI: After failing to make the cut to become a civil servant a 31-year-old took to crime and was arrested on Monday. A resident of Madipakkam, Shankar had appeared for civil service preliminary four times, but failed each time.He then joined hands with a few of his friends to steal cars. In their most recent crime on November 16, they assaulted the driver of an SUV and stole the vehicle. The others in the gang include two engineering graduatesMadasamy and Ranjith and an MBA aspirant Guna.Shankar used to pass off as a diplomat and carried a fake Ministry of External Affairs business card which mentioned his designation as expert panel member. This card gave genuinity to the gang who managed to convince buyers of their intention.In their first attempt they managed to steal a car and sell it. But they failed in their next two attempts. They got about 1 lakh from their first loot, police said. Madasamy had a stint with the electricity board, before he a quit two years ago. The gang was arrested based on a tip-off a broker, who they approached to sell the SUV they stole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17394596", "title": "MBBS seats increased, but no extra funds with Government Medical College", "text": "AMRITSAR: Though, the state government has announced 100 additional MBBS seats in Government Medical College(GMC), Amritsar, it has not announced its plans or earmarked funds to create extra infrastructure to accommodate the increased number of students.Similarly, 100 new MBBS seats would be added to Government Medical College, Patiala. The state government in November had decided to add extra seats during a meeting with governing body of Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences(PIMS).At present both the colleges have strength of 150 MBBS seats each. While talking to TOI on Tuesday, Principal , Government Medical College, Amritsar, Dr SS Shergil said, they required additional laboratories, new hostel, new medical wards, besides other infrastructure which would be required to teach additional MBBS students. He informed that he would submit a proposal of around Rs 90 crore with government for creating the additional infrastructure. Sources informed that already there were few vacant posts in teaching and non-teaching departments of the medical college, which needed to be fulfilled for the present student strength, but staff strength had to be increased with the arrival of new students.\"We need six to seven lecturers in different streams also,\" said Shergil. Sources informed that the college requires at least six new lecture halls, laboratories and libraries. The college also required a new state of art auditorium. Shergil informed that the present infrastructure was only sufficient for the existing strength of students .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395218", "title": "'Navy not given land for Dabolim upgradation'", "text": "PANAJI: The Indian Navy has not made any land available for the new integrated terminal building at Dabolim, Union minister of state for civil aviation K C Venugopal informed the Rajya Sabha.In a written reply to a question by Goa Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik on upgradation of Dabolim airport, the minister said that 82% of the work on the construction of new integrated terminal building, multi-level car park, corridors connecting the aerobridges etc, has been completed.When the project is fully completed, it will have all modern facilities for passenger-handling like more aerobridges, corridors connecting the aerobridges, multi-level car park etc.The new terminal building will also have upgraded aircraft-handling facilities like a parallel taxi track etc, Venugopal said.He added that the total cost of the project is 330 crore and that the timeline for its completion is May 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17395043", "title": "Survey of cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 interaction begins", "text": "NASHIK: The manner in which police personnel communicate with the public in police stations and between themselves is being studied by the Symbiosis Institute of Operations Management from Wednesday.Titled Project Sanchar, it will explore internal and external communication process optimisation at police stations of Nashik. This initiative was mooted by Nashik police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and will focus on identifying lacunae in commun- ication between police officials. The institute has formulated this project under director Vandana Sonwane to contribute to the public service departments and for betterment of Nashik.The police department operates amidst challenges which aggravate due to manpower crunch the critical nature of the job. The rising population in the city with the same old infrastructure has disturbed civic discipline. In such circumstances the communication systems within the department are indeed very crucial, officials said.The preliminary study was conducted at Ambad police station for refining methodology and validating the questionnaire. The data will be collected by visiting all police stations, contacting policemen and in-depth interviewing by the students till Friday. The data from 1,500 people will be analysed on statistical software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394540", "title": "In the end, just a village girl", "text": "NAGPUR: On the road to Gilanguda, the signs are all there. A busted culvert. The rusted remains of a torched jeep. The apprehensive faces from fields afar. Yes, Gilanguda has all the signs of being a Naxal stronghold.On Tuesday, this remote hamlet had turned into a ghost town. Inquiries about the Lekami household drew a quizzical expression. But when the surname was appended with the qualifier, 'the one with the young woman', skeptical faces merely pointed at a hut. \"The whole village is there,\" a spindly, bare-chested man said.The hushed murmurs in the courtyard were the tell-tale sign. Men were squatting on their haunches or sitting gingerly on cots, scattered and pensive. Womenfolk were huddled together near the body, their traditional silver ornaments somehow taunting the solemnity of the occasion.The faint smell of toddy wafted across as the men spoke. Apparently, there's never a bad time for a little nip of the local spirit. The jeans-clad, notebook-toting strangers immediately attracted attention. The tribals were hesitant at first, taken aback by these uninvited voyeurs of the mourning. Questions were asked in simplified Hindi and gentle tones. The tribals conferred among themselves. How much to share? How much to hold back? A few Hindi and Marathi-speaking people translated and edited the answers.After details were pieced together, facts were coaxed out and commiserations duly made, the strangers with pens and notebooks were offered a cot in the shade. \"The body arrived late on Monday night. But we're waiting for the family elders to arrive. Only then will we proceed for the burial,\" a village youth Ashok Kadu said. A woman started wailing in the hut, singing a plaintive phrase repeatedly in a catatonic rhythm.Teachers from a nearby ashram shala arrived. \"We need to invite the kids to come back to school. We have to remind them twice, thrice that Diwali vacations are over,\" said one teacher. \"We do everything we can to keep them studying. Otherwise,\" added another teacher, gesturing towards Rakhi's hut, \"this is what happens. They get swayed.\"Suddenly, the C-60 commandos arrive. They came in a trickle first, and then swarms. They had AK-47s on their shoulders and sympathy in their eyes. It was hardly the kind of funeral of an outlaw. The villagers had not shunned her in her final journey. Even Rakhi's adversaries, the security forces, were offering condolences.A police officer saw Rakhi's face, her eyes still half-open, and said, \"It's so twisted. We are the ones who have to fight them. But we also have to make sure that their people don't turn against us.\"Just then, the cot with Rakhi's body was lifted. Youngsters began to carry it to the burial site. As the cot passed in front of the officer, he instinctively folded his hands in prayer. The cortege walked to the burial site, barely 100 metres away. A grave for Rakhi had been dug, next to her grandfather's. The bottom of the pit was covered in garish sarees. From under Rakhi's shroud, the blood-spattered plastic body bag was pulled out with some difficulty. As she was lowered in, some commandos kept a watchful eye on the surrounding forest. Others converged near the body, some discreetly filming the proceedings with their phone cameras. \"It's for proof and remembrance,\" a cop explained.Amid sobs, Rakhi was lowered into the pit, and it was covered with soil and boulders. The cot on which Rakhi was brought was placed near the grave. \"It's where she ate, sat and slept. It belongs to her,\" a villager said, explaining the ritual and pointing at several other termite-hollowed remains of cots near other graves. Finally, someone crumpled together Rakhi's body bag and set it afire. As the blood-stained plastic melted, Rakhi's father pointed to the small plume of smoke rising in the sky. His daughter, his blood, was gone forever.Quote 1: It's so twisted. We are the ones who have to fight them. But we also have to make sure that their people don't turn against us Police officerQuote 2: The cops too had once come to convince my elder sister to return to family life, but she was not interested. She should have spared a thought for the child, if not us Vasanti| Rakhi's sisterGadchiroli: Preeti Lekami, aged around four, is no ordinary child. Revolution runs in her veins, being born to parents who were part of the guerrilla movement in the Naxal hotbed of Gadchiroli. But, Preeti's maternal aunty Vasanti, a teenager, wants the infant to walk on the path of education, and not revolution.Preeti's mother Rickey alias Rakhi, who was killed by police in Sunday's encounter at Chamorshi taluka, had handed over her newborn daughter to her parents in Gilanguda village in Etapalli tehsil four years ago. The young woman did not want the child to live a life of hardship in conditions that the Naxal dalams generally have to endure for the sake of revolution. \"Preeti does not remember her father or mother. I am like a mother to her,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394210", "title": "We aim to build strong Telugu workforce, says Andhra Pradesh Official Language Commission chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: The move to make Telugu language compulsory in the state's educational institutions is to ensure that a strong workforce knowing Telugu can be built up over the coming years who can be employed in the private sector, said AP Official Language Commission chairman Mandali Buddha Prasad.Explaining the rationale behind the decision, Mandali told TOI: \"Telugu is a compulsory language in all government schools in the state. Although a similar rule exists for the private schools including CBSE and ICSE ones, they are allowing choices because of which the student can get away without learning Telugu. Since the bulk of the students are studying in private schools, we decided to make teaching Telugu compulsory in all schools in the state from class I.\"According to the chairman, Telugu is not taught as a compulsory language from plus two stage even in government schools with various options like Sanksrit being offered. \"With a view to build a strong workforce, well versed in Telugu language, we have decided to make it compulsory even in all Intermediate and degree colleges. I have asked for a detailed report on all the institutions where Telugu is actually taught as a compulsory language and where the lacunae are. Once the report comes in a fortnight's time, we will move forward,\" Buddha Prasad said.Animal husbandry minister in the YSR cabinet, Buddha Prasad lost the assembly elections from Krishna district in the 2009 elections and was appointed as chairman of Official Language Commission barely 20 days ago. His first act in promoting Telugu was to make sure that the labour department issued an order directing all shops and establishments in the state to put up signboards in Telugu language apart from the ones that are already in existence. All business owners have been given one month's time to comply with the order. His second act is to move towards making Telugu compulsory in all educational institutions in the state up to the degree level. As part of the campaign, Buddha Prasad wants to ensure that the people of the state including ministers, MPs and MLAs sign documents in Telugu language.\"Very few ministers are signing in Telugu with the exception of some like panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy. Similarly, I want to ensure that by the next elections, all ministers and legislators are administered the oath of office in Telugu,\" he said. Once the orders pertaining to the official language are implemented, it will automatically leads to the widespread usage of Telugu in the administration as well, Buddha Prasad said. . \"As of now, English-Telugu dictionaries are available. New software which translates the English word instantly into Telugu is being developed along with spellcheck facility. All this will greatly enhance the possibility of using Telugu in official matters,\" he said.Times viewIt is a welcome move on the part of the state government to promote Telugu, the official language of Andhra Pradesh. However, one thing needs to be kept in mind before such a move is aggressively pushed -- that in this age of the internet and mobile communication where the world has shrunk into a village, those well versed in English are ending up with more opportunities. Countries like China and Japan who have long ignored the language are realising and taking remedial steps now. Therefore, while it is laudable to promote Telugu, it should not be at the cost of English. Otherwise the youth of the state who would end up as the losers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17394369", "title": "15-year-old raped, accused arrested", "text": "INDORE: A 15-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her neighbour, in Sanwer area, when she had gone to attend nature's call here on Monday night. The accused, who was arrested later, reportedly beat up the girl on resistance.Sanwer, police in-charge, UPS Chouhan, said the victim identified as Neelam, hails from Devali village and was allegedly raped by one Mahesh Balai, 30, from the same village.According to the police , the girl had gone to attend nature's call in the evening around 7.30 pm on Monday, when the accused intercepted her. Subsequently, he raped the girl, said the official.The family members reached the spot, on hearing the girl cry for help. They opposed Mahesh, who in turn, attacked them and the girl with wooden rods.After the incident, the victim's family lodged a complaint with the Sanwer police. Police booked the accused under sections 376, 323 and 506 of IPC and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395533", "title": "Kolkata school shows the way to hope", "text": "KOLKATA: Ten-year-old Subrata Sardar has known no 'home' other than a dingy pavement in Kalighat, yards from the temple. None of his parents has ever been to school, nor can they afford to send him to one. Yet, Subrata wants to be a doctor and believes he is on course. By nine every morning, he and 25 other pavement children of the area are ready to attend school inside Kalighat police station. Run by an NGO and supported by an elderly couple, Naba Disha - the school -has helped scores of youngsters like Subrata to dream. They would otherwise have been forced to work or beg to support themselves.Since 2004, the school has been picking up 'street children' from the area aged between three and six years and teaching them. Only those who have no shelter are chosen.They are then put into government schools by Vikramshila - the NGO - and their education is monitored till they consider themselves ready to earn. \"I love to paint, study and read which I do in school. Joining school has opened up a whole new world for me, which I didn't know existed. I would like to be a doctor and treat poor people,\" says Subrata, a class IV student. He is a regular at Naba Disha where he gets learning support.Soma Sardar, a year junior to him, wants to be a pilot. Mathematics is her favourite subject and she knows she must excel in science to qualify as a pilot. But she is equally fascinated by filmmaking. Along with Subrata and Jhumki, a schoolmate, she attended a filmmaking workshop at the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute earlier this year.\"They actually made us direct a short film. We used a real camera and were assisted by a cinematographer. There was a trolley on which the camera rolled. None of us knew that films were shot like that,\" gushed Soma, who has been attending classes at Naba Disha ever since she was three.But it's not easy to initiate these children into the process of learning, according to Premansu Banerjee and his wife Margit. The couple, who has spent more than 30 years in Germany, has been involved with the school since 2008.\"When we started off, most of the children were not able to communicate or follow simple instructions. But with a little support from us and the teachers here, they have made remarkable progress. Many of them are extremely bright and good enough to compete with their more privileged counterparts,\" said Banerjee, a metallurgy expert.Margit - who has been a teacher for special children in Germany - helps the kids draw. \"Most of them love to paint and are very good at it. For the last few years, they have been making excellent Christmas cards without any guidance,\" she said.Many of the youngsters look up to Arshi Jahangir, a 19-year-old former student who now teaches at the school. A second-year BCom student at Surendranath College, Arshi wants to be a chartered accountant . \"When I started attending the Naba Disha centre at Beniapukur, I didn't know where I was heading for. Without their learning support, I wouldn't have been able to progress. Now, I have a goal and I would be happy if I can help some of these children dream just like I do,\" said Arshi. Daughter of a driver, Arshi has moved to a slum.But it's never easy to live on a pavement and pursue studies, said Ajanta Sanyal of Vikramshila, who is in charge of the Kalighat school. \"We thought it would be difficult to keep them in school, for their living conditions are tough and they have little incentive to study. Their mothers work as domestic helps and are often the sole earning member of the family.We started a midday meal scheme which worked. But surprisingly, the fact that studying could help their kids have a better life proved to be a bigger incentive. Initially, they were a little scared to send their children to a school inside the police station. Now, the parents are keen that they study and often drop their children at school, which is encouraging,\" she said.But keeping the children interested in studies remained a challenge, she admitted. \"Perhaps, a bigger task is to ensure that they can make use of their education, do a meaningful job and earn. But we have been able to convince these children and their parents that education will help improve their quality of life which is a big step,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17396432", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSpouses more generous in donating kidney\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The latest data of PGI shows that spouses are more generous than parents or siblings when it comes to donating kidney. Over the last five years, spouse donors have doubled as compared to parents or sibling donors. Almost a similar trend has been observed in a Mohali hospital too which performed the first live donor liver transplant in the region.Harjeet Kaur, 35, from Patiala who had donated her kidney to her husband in the Mohali hospital, said, \"There was no match in the family. His mother is too old to donate. And so, I donated my kidney to my husband. He is the only breadwinner in the family.\" In a function held on Tuesday at the Mohali hospital where 11 organ donors were felicitated by Punjab health minister Madan Mohan Mittal, the recipient families told how transplantation had given them a new lease of life.While elaborating on the data in the function, Dr Vinay Sakhuja, head of the nephrology department in PGI, said, \"From 2002 to 2006, spouse donors were 17.2%. They shot up to 36.4% in 2010-2011 in our institute. While in siblings, the percentage has fallen from 27.7% to 12.7%.\"Agreeing that a similar trend was observed in Mohali too, Dr Priyadarshi Ranjan, kidney transplant surgeon in the Mohali hospital, said, \"We have also seen a shift in donors from siblings and parents to spouses. The shift is attributed to nuclear families.\" One of the youngest recipients at the felicitation function was Paramveer Singh, 9. \"My mother donated her kidney after both of my kidneys were damaged,\" he said.About the cost of a kidney transplant, Dr Ranjan said, \"The initial cost is around Rs 3 lakh, excluding medicines. The survival probability in dialysis is less. A scientific study shows that of 100 patients who are undergoing dialysis for kidney failure, only 39% will be alive after 10 years. Whereas of 100 patients who received a kidney transplant, 80% will be healthy after a decade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395272", "title": "Stock Guru a tech-savvy spy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fraudsters Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire and Raksha Urs - arrested for the Rs 1,100-crore Stock Guru scam - acquired high-end spying gadgets, including a mobile jammer, to keep a tab on targets and employees.The jammer came with a remote. Besides, they had a clock with a hidden video recorder, a wrist watch-cum-recorder and a digital video recorder.The husband-wife pair also got Aadhaar unique identity cards registered under false names. They owned 18 PAN cards, 75 ATM cards and 131 cheque books apart from a currency counting machine.\"We recovered a lot of items used to hide or fake identity including 20 pairs of contact lenses. They would commit perfect crimes and make sure to cover their tracks,\" joint CP (EOW) Sandeep Goel said.Goel said the elaborate planning was aimed at selling wannabe actors in Ratnagiri 'assured roles' in Hindi and Marathi films. The duo, arrested by the economic offences wing of crime branch on November 10, had also managed to set up two media institutes and two financial security firms in Maharashtra sans permits. This was revealed by TOI first on Monday.Goel said the couple had finalized the script and director for a Marathi film which they intended to produce and advertised for trainee actors and actresses. While Urs has been sent to judicial custody, Khaire was remanded in police custody on November 24 for 10 more days.The EOW, which raided the residences of Ulhas Khaire in Mumbai and Ratnagiri for the past two weeks, said besides the Rs 63-crore property seized from the couple earlier, they now have recoveries amounting to another Rs 19.96 crore.The nature of some recovered items - expensive watches, fancy SUVs, five toy pistols, two air guns and 400 rounds of toy bullets - left investigators wondering if Ulhas's lifestyle was one of the reasons that brought about his downfall.\"After their arrest and interrogation, we recovered bank drafts worth Rs 19.96 crore and a plot of land which they had bought. We also seized high-valued watches and seven vehicles in Ratnagiri,\" Goel said.The officer said the couple moved in an expensive car with a fake VIP number 0001 in Ratnagiri. They were active for the past one year in both Delhi and Ratnagiri and ran away from the capital in February this year with investors' money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17397156", "title": "Beautification drive: Govt steps on gas", "text": "GUWAHATI: With less than three weeks in hand to highlight the charm and growth of Guwahati to the delegates of Southeast Asian nations, the state government has accelerated its drive to beautify the city.The PWD, Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and other government departments are working in tandem to finish the work before participants of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) India Car Rally, 2012, arrive in the city on December 16.\"It's an honour that the car rally is culminating in the city. Even major roads of Guwahati through which the rallyists will not be passing will get a facelift,\" said Kalyan Chandra Hazarika, chief engineer, PWD (Roads), Assam. He added that the main roads between Beltola and Basistha Chariali, Bharalumukh and Maligaon, Narengi and Chandrapur, as well as the GS Road, will sport a new look before December 10.The ASEAN India Car Rally, 2012, organized by the Union ministry of external affairs and the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), was kicked off at Yogyakarta (Indonesia) on Monday. It will culminate in Guwahati on December 17.Hazarika added that the PWD has started painting the flyovers. \"We are going to beautify the flyovers located in Six Mile, Chandmari, Ganeshguri and Ulubari areas of the city,\" he said. Beautification work has already started at the Chandmari flyover, which is like a merrymaking point for many, especially during the evening hours. \"At the Chandmari flyover, we have put flower tubs,\" said the PWD official.On the other hand, the GMC has selected eight routes in the city, where the civic body officials have started painting the roadside walls and started removing construction materials.\"To start with, we are working to give a facelift to the roadside walls of GS Road. Our appeal to the public is to make their boundary walls opposite to the roads presentable before the rallyists reach Guwahati,\" said GMC collector Deba Kumar Mishra.He added that the GMC will install extra bins, deploy additional garbage collecting vehicles and engage extra manpower to keep the city clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394985", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to decide on Thackeray memorial after all-party meeting", "text": "NASHIK: The General Body Meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday decided to immediately put up a portrait of the Shiv Sena supremo, the late Bal Keshav Thackeray, in the House of the NMC and will take the decision on the creation of his memorial in the city after an all party meeting, to be held soon.The leader of the Oppostion in the NMC Sudhakar Badgujar (Shiv Sena) said, \"Thackeray was a great personality. He faced several lows in his lifetime but continued to work dedicatedly towards his cause. Hence, his name should be given to the flyovers in the city.\"Shiv Sena corporator and former district president Vinayak Pande said, \"Bal Thackeray was not only a leader of Maharashtra, but also a leader of the country. He had a special love for Nashik and contributed greatly towards the development of the city. He would always give suggestions to the local party office-bearers pertaining to city's development. Therefore, a grand memorial of the Shiv Sena supremo should be built in the city.\"Shiv Sena group leader Ajay Boraste said, \"A memorial of Thackeray should be built and it will not just be a memorial, but a cultural centre which will include an art gallery, an exhibition hall and an auditorium. It will be an ideal place for budding artists.\"Prakash Londhe of RPI (A) said that the decision on building Thackeray's memorial should be taken after taking all the party members into confidence. Londhe also suggested the creation of a library in the city, named after Thackeray.Tanaji Jaybhave (CPM), Shashikant Jadhav (MNS), Sanjay Chavan (Shahar Vikas Aghadi), the Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse, BJP group leader Sambhaji Moruskar, Shivaji Sahane (Shiv Sena), Vikrant Mate (NCP), Devyane Pharande (BJP), Kavita Kardak (NCP) and other members condoled the death of Thackeray and urged the mayor to build the memorial under his name.The city mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"All party members have given various ideas and proposals. Some members have suggested giving Thackeray's name to city's flyovers, while others have proposed constructing a grand memorial in the city that will keep the memories and ideologies of the Shiv Sena leader alive and will work as a guide for the future generations. The decision on the construction of the grand memorial in the city will be taken after an all-party meeting later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394495", "title": "Tobacco users back ban, find alternatives", "text": "MUMBAI: A study analyzing the ban on gutka and pan masala in the state has revealed that while citizens may be supportive of it, tobacco users are determined to look for alternatives. Maharashtra was the first in the country to ban both gutka and pan masala.The survey conducted in Mumbai by NGO, Salaam Bombay Foundation, found out that 90% of tobacco users have switched over to alternate tobacco products. This, despite the fact that the same group of people found the ban justified and was also in favour of it. The findings were based on the responses of 2,500 Mumbaikars who were asked to fill up a questionnaire.Experts have been hinting at the need to have more cessation clinics if the ban has to have the desired effect. Currently, there are no initiatives from the public sector to start de-addiction clinics and efforts are mostly restricted to private clinics. The Indian Dental Association has tied up with several clinics in the city to double up as cessation centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "okami", "code": "17395193", "title": "It's five nights of folk celebrations", "text": "OKAMI: The full moon day of Kartik , the Hindu calendar's eighth month, is celebrated across tribal communities in the state with varied and colourful cultural traditions.In Okami of Piliem and Udalashe of Sancorda in Dharbandora taluka and in Pazwada of Shiroda in Ponda taluka the moonlit night is celebrated as katayo with an array of rituals, folksongs and folkdances.Symbolically, this month, with its clear, star-filled skies, sees tribal Gawda women worshipping the sun, moon and the group of 27 stars.On the eleventh day of the second fortnight, these Gawda women assemble at the sacred place in their hamlet at Gurumand and in front of the tulsi pedestal, using white flour, they draw stars on the ground that has been cleaned with cow dung.Married women who keep a fast have the honour of worshipping the stars drawn at the sacred place.Immediately after the ritual, the women form a circle holding hands and perform folkdances while reciting folksongs.A folksong recited during this time mentions that the festival was started to commemorate the birth of Kartikeya, the elder son of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati. For five nights the women sing and dance.At Okami, on the third day of celebrations, five small boys wearing crowns made of the leaves of wild plants enter the sacred place by chanting 'Har Har Bambadev'.They are followed by small girls dressed as gawalani (milkmaids). Both these groups are welcomed by the already celebrating folkdancers.On the fourth day, unmarried youths from the village, breaking the circle formed by the folkdancers, and enter into the central space where baskets of cooked tubers and pancakes have already been kept.They gorge on the tubers while the pancakes are kept for the women to enjoy later.Jayu Gaonkar, a 70-year-old tribal woman from Okami says, \"Earlier, this eco-feministic festival was celebrated throughout the night for five days by performing folkdances around the tulsi vrindavan. Today it is performed for a shorter period with fewer women aware about the rich tradition of this festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17394614", "title": "Faridkot girl says police supporting accused", "text": "FARIDKOT: The minor girl from Faridkot, who is finally back home after facing an ordeal for almost two months, shared stage with her parents in the town during a rally on Tuesday and said she was threatened and pressurized by the Punjab police officials.Thanking the residents for supporting her, the girl in a statement read by her lawyer N K Jeet Singh said police had been supporting the criminals right from the start. She also said through her statement that the accused took her away from the state with the help of police officials, who also tried to malign her image. She added that she wanted strict action against all the accused.The rally was organized in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Park by Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395460", "title": "Rural engineering department scam: Pending works continued in new financial year without fund sanction", "text": "LUCKNOW: If every new scam highlights unique ways in which funds are misappropriated, Uttar Pradesh's rural engineering department (Red) has proved it is no different. For a department that has no budget allocation of its own and depends on government deposits for doing its works, the Red appears to have performed impossible financial feats.From undertaking constructions activities when it did not have funds, never submitting utilisation certificates for works it did, charging higher centage than all other popular construction agencies, incurring excess expenditure and rarely accounting for unspent balances, the department indulged in financial jugglery that cold put the best accountants to shame.In a glaring example of the excesses, the CAG report on works undertaken by the Red between 2007 and 2012 has revealed that officials started construction works pending from previous financial years even when fresh funds were not made available.In a test-check of records in Moradabad, for instance, the executive engineer started the leftover works of CC roads and drains with the same contractors without receiving fresh funds, creating a liability of several crores on the state exchequer. When the CAG sought an explanation from the officer, he claimed that a demand for fund sanction had already been raised. Now pit this against scores of ill-maintained roads in urban and rural UP where \"non-availability of funds\" is routinely cited as the reason for inability to complete pending projects.The BSP regime, which largely covers the period of the Red scam, was also uniquely brazen in breaking rules, even when it concerned BSP's pet project - Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Vikas Yojana.According to the CAG report, Red received Rs 4550.61 crore during 2008 and 2012 for CC roads and drains works from the department of Panchayati Raj (DoPR). Though it is a mandatory procedure to turn in utilisation certificates (UCs) - as proof of having used the money and completed the assigned work - the department failed to turn in the documents. Curiously, DoPR also did not raise a demand for the UCs even though there were several instances of excess expenditure and savings in the department. In a clear indication that Red worked in collusion with DoPR, the latter, the CAG report says, \"exhibited the said released to RED as final expenditure in its accounts, without having received any UC.\"If utilisation certificates were missing, so was an account of the unspent balances. The audit conducted by the CAG observed that funds were allotted by director DoPR to district magistrates (DMs) for seeking administrative and financial sanctions for planning roads and drains. In turn, DMs, through Panchayati Raj officials, released funds to divisions against the demand for execution of works.During 2007 and 2012, DoPR made Rs 4550.61 crore available to the Red for constructing CC roads and drains under Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Vikas Yojana. According to details made available to CAG, Red spent Rs 4276.91 crore up to March 2012 and retained, irregularly according to the CAG, Rs 273.69 crore.According to the CAG, when an explanation for the unspent balances was sought, director DoPR, in August 2012, said \"details of unexpended balances are being called for from the divisions concerned. The CAG audit also said, \"At the end of 2011-12, in 12 out of 17 test-checked divisions unexpended balances (other than Dr Ambedkar Gram Sabha Vikas Yojana) of Rs 19.16 crore were not surrendered to the client departments for two to 37 years.\"Though called for an audit, the divisions, the audit report says, failed to provide details of schemes against which the unspent balances remained. The CAG audit also says this not only suggests violation of financial rules but is fraught with high risk of camouflaging frauds and misappropriations, something that the CAG recommends must be investigated.The Red also appears to have instituted a system to effect the systematic fund misappropriation. First, a government order in June 1995 clearly laid out which officials would be delegated with financial powers. Then, another order by the finance department , in December 2011, said no financial powers would be delegated to ad-hoc officers (prabharis).The CAG audit, however, says records available with the director of Red showed that on March 31, 2012, 64% posts of superintendent engineers, 63% posts of executive engineers and 59% posts of assistant engineers were held by subordinate officers on ad-hoc basis 'only for routine matter'. However, these ad-hoc officers not only executed contract bonds or agreements but also incurred expenditure of Rs 411.88 crore in clear violation of financial powers.Interestingly, funds meant for constructing roads were also used to fund official vehicles for officials of the Red. According to the CAG audit, the directorate alone consumed a whopping 47 per cent of the department budget for vehicles in supplying vehicles to ministers, principal secretaries, special secretaries and director. The audit also observes 23 per cent funds were spent on five departmental vehicles provided to Red minister Thakur Jaiveer Singh between 2007 and 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395706", "title": "Truck ride to camps stresses out elephants", "text": "CHENNAI: The annual elephant rejuvenation camp being held at Nellithurai near Mettuppalayam started on a tragic note with one of the elephants dying soon after it reached the venue. Bhavani, a 57-year-old elephant who was transported from Rameswaram, died on Sunday after travelling in a truck for 12 hours without a break. Animal welfare activists and veterinarians are now questioning the rationale in subjecting the pachyderms to long, arduous journeys to attend camps that are for helping them unwind.\"Experts have discussed the issue earlier and felt that the camp venues should be dispersed. Instead of one camp, three camps should be held at various places so that animals don't have to travel long distances,\" says elephant expert Dr Sukumar. \"Conducting the camps is good as temple elephants don't get good veterinary care but, while being transported, the animals should be given food, water and frequent breaks.\"The AIADMK government started rejuvenation camps in 2003 to give pachyderms a break. This year, 35 elephants from temples and 10 from mutts across the state were slated to attend.Most temple elephants are already stressed out as they are treated cruelly. \"They are tied for long hours during ceremonies, surrounded by people and subjected to loud noise though they are sensitive to sound,\" says Geeta Seshamani of Wildlife SOS, who has worked with captive elephants. \"Though they are herd animals, they are forced to live in isolation.\"Made to stand for long hours on stone and concrete floors, elephants develop foot problems and arthritis. \"I saw a temple elephant in Karnataka that was standing on its toes on a stone floor to relieve the pressure on its feet,\" says Seshamani. \"In one hour, it was forced to raise its trunk 84 times to 'bless' devotees.\"Many animals at these camps are obese, says veterinarian Dr Jacob Cheeran, who attended last year's retreat. \"Devotees offer them laddoos and jalebis,\" he says. Temple elephants don't get enough exercise. \"Nature has designed them to cover long distances for feeding so they need to walk 4km a day.\"Transporting elephants for long distances by road increases their stress. In Bhavani's case, officials say the long truck journey and sudden climate change may have contributed to the death.\"There should be scaffolding on all sides of the vehicle taking them. It should be driven slowly and the animal cannot be made to travel more than three hours at a stretch,\" says Dr Cheeran. \"They need to get down and walk.\"A recent circular issued by the commissioner of The Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department say that elephants need a fitness certificate from a veterinarian before being taken to camps. Old, pregnant or sick pachyderms cannot be transported. But while it says the elephant should be given food and water at intervals, it states that the animal should not be allowed to step down from the vehicle.\"These guidelines have been drawn up by experts and we are just following their advice,\" says a senior official. \"Beside the forest department, the Animal Welfare Board of India should be involved in these exercises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396740", "title": "Bande Utkala fine-tuned", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An attempt to standardise \" Bande Utkala Janani\", revered as the state song by many, is now complete. Following complaints about lack of uniformity in presentation of the anthem, the Utkal University of Culture (UUC), at the state government's behest, has fine-tuned it. The condensed form of the song, written by Kantakabi Laxmikant Mohapatra in 1912, was presented at Police Commemoration Day and State Film Awards function on Sunday evening.Playing of the song's original version used to take more than seven minutes. A UUC-constituted committee, comprising vocal and instrumental music experts and litterateurs, have reduced it to 85 seconds. The experts have retained the first, fourth and sixth stanzas out of the seven stanzas.\"The original song's duration being long it was inconvenient for old people and children who they had remain standing while it was being played,\" explained UUC's vice-chancellor Amiya Patnaik. \"The new version is now complete and awaiting the state government's approval,\" he added.Sources said there was slight disagreement among the panel members over the stanzas that should form part of the new version. \"We wanted to include the second stanza that describes natural bounty of the state instead of the sixth, which speaks about art and literature. Finally, the committee decided to go ahead with the sixth stanza,\" said Patnaik.\"The original music and tune of the song has been kept intact,\" said Laxmikant Palit, a committee member.Eminent musician Balakrushna Dash composed and sang the anthem for the first time and All India Radio, Cuttack, broadcast it in 1963.Prabhukalyan Mohapatra, grandson of Kantakabi Laxmikant Mohapatra, was happy with the new version. \"I felt hurt when the song was being played in different ways at different functions. It has taken 10 years of concerted effort to bring about uniformity. Now the government should officially accord it the state song status and make its use mandatory at different functions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393412", "title": "Facebook arrests: Palghar magistrate shifted in 5 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The transfer order of the Palghar judicial magistrate first-class (JFMC), Ramchandra G Bagade, came barely five months after he was posted there. The magistrate was posted to Palghar as the judicial magistrate and joint civil judge, junior division, only in June.He granted bail to Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan, who were arrested by Palghar police last Monday for a facebook post made by Dhada, on a surety of Rs 15,000 each. The court proceeding had ended in mere minutes though the cops produced the girls without any assessment of facts mentioned in the FIR. The next day he granted bail for Rs 7,500 to the 10 men arrested for vandalism and damage to Dhada's uncle's hospital, in less than an hour.The Bombay high court on Monday ordered his transfer to be enforced \"with immediate effect\". The notification was signed by its registrar general S B Shukre. When contacted, Shukre told TOI, \"It was an administrative order''. The order posted on the Bombay high court website was communicated to several authorities by letter, including the state chief secretary, home secretary, principal secretary, law and judiciary department, finance secretary, other benches of the HC, the principal sessions judge Jalgaon and to Bagade himself.Bagade was earlier a magistrate in Arjuni Morgaon, Gondia. He has now been posted to Pachora in Jalgaon, a municipal council which in the 2001 census had a population of 45,000 people. The HC while transferring Bagade, promoted V S Yadav, who is currently posted in Palghar as joint civil judge, junior division and JFMC, Palghar. The HC also appointed A S Alewar, the third joint civil judge, as second joint civil judge in Yadav's place.While in Gondia, in a case of alleged cheating of Rs 1.94 crore from Gondia District Central Co-operative Bank Ltd, Bagade had remanded two persons arrested by Morgaon Arjuni police to police custody this February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17395192", "title": "Jury should be from all continents, says Goutam Ghose", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394802", "title": "Records back 'foreign hand\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 behind Tamil Nadu NGOs", "text": "NEW DELHI: After asserting that anti-Kudankulam nuclear protests were being fuelled by the 'foreign hand' and putting several NGOs under scanner, the government released a data in Parliament that shows Tamil Nadu NGOs have received the maximum number of foreign contributions in the past three years.One TN NGO, that lent its support to the protests, is also facing a CBI enquiry for contributions received by it, says the government.The data shows TN received 10,119 contributions from across the world with total donations adding up to over Rs 4,800 crore between 2008 and 2011. Over 30,000 contributions were received by all across the country during this period with TN cornering more than 30% of contributions in numbers.In volume, however, it is Delhi-based NGOs that have received maximum contribution with TN holding the second position. Delhi NGOs received 4,297 contributions with total donations adding up to over Rs 5,800 crore.The data that was released in reply to a question over foreign contributions received by NGOs in the Lok Sabha also said that cases against 24 NGOs had been referred to the CBI while 10 NGOs were being investigated by state police. The government reply also said, \"There were reports that certain NGOs were engaged in anti-national and political activities.\"The house was also informed that Coimbatore-based NGO Tamil Nadu Muslim Muneetra Kazagham (TNMMK) was being investigated by CBI. TNMMK had lent support to the anti-Kudankulam protests and some of its members were also arrested during a September protest. Some other NGOs under investigation by the Tamil Nadu Police include AID India (Chennai), Saccer (Nagercoil) and Centre for Promotion of Social Concern.The government also informed the House that contributions were received by the NGOs from around 160 countries during the period.Earlier this year, post-protests by NGOs against the Kudankulam nuclear project, the government had alleged that the stir was being funded from abroad by vested interests and had also put 77 NGOs under scanner for their funding.Some other states where NGOs have received large number of contributions include Andhra Pradesh , West Bengal , Kerala and Maharashtra with all receiving contributions between 4,500 and over 6,000 during the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17396977", "title": "Coal India Limited urged to speed up Jharia rehab process", "text": "DHANBAD: Irked by the slow progress in implementation of the Jharia Action Plan for rehabilitation and resettlement of mines fire victims, additional chief secretary (mines), A K Sarkar, on Tuesday directed Coal India Limited (CIL) to speed up rehabilitation process.At a meeting of officials of the district administration, Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and Jharia Rehabilitation and Development Authority (JRDA), Sarkar said educated members of the affected families should be given jobs at CIL units.Sarkar visited RSP College, the Jairampur colliery area and Rajapur colony, which faces imminent danger from underground fire. Thereafter, he asked BCCL officials to rehabilitate those affected by land subsidence under the disaster management scheme. He regretted delay in land allotment to JRDA.BCCL will hand over 90 quarters at Karmatand, meant for the affected families, to JRDA within a week. The number is less than what was promised by the company last year. BCCL had said it would provide 432 houses to JRDA following demand by the victims at Mohla Bandh in the Pujama colliery area.BCCL has 864 quarters in the area.JRDA's rehabilitation and resettlement officer, Gopaljee, said on Tuesday the body wanted to construct 2,000 more houses in the second phase of rehabilitation at Belgaria and BCCL has agreed to provide 50 acres of land for the same.BCCL had promised to give Rs 10,000 to each affected family as an interim measure.Sarkar on Tuesday directed BCCL to handover the land to JRDA forever as the authority would make arrangements for resettlement and rehabilitation on a permanent basis.Coal India was also directed to hand over the land, abandoned after mining, for the resettlement project. The state-owned miner had agreed to issue no-objection certificates to JRDA to facilitate land allotment close to the existing colonies of the victims.JRDA has so far rehabilitated 1,154 families and resettled them in Belgaria colony outside the town. There are over 70,000 more families to be shifted to the resettlement colonies.Vocational training programme for the rehabilitated people will be introduced in public-private partnership mode.Gopaljee said in 2008, CIL had assured the then state chief secretary that it would set up ITIs, polytechnics and nursing schools to facilitate income-generation and livelihood. However, this is yet to be done.Jharia Action Plan involving Rs 10,000 crore is considered the biggest rehabilitation scheme in the country for fire-affected families of Jharia and its neighbouring areas.The plan is being executed jointly by BCCL and the state government.Under the scheme, schools, colleges, banks, post offices are being shifted from the fire zone areas to the safer pockets of Dhanbad.Two railway stations and railway track between Dhanbad and Jharia have been abandoned due to udnerground fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17396660", "title": "Case filed against DMDK cadres for defaming CM", "text": "SALEM: A case has been registered against Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) functionaries including an MLA by Thalaivasal police in Salem district on Tuesday.According to police, DMDK functionaries had organized a public meeting in Thalaivasal on Monday evening. Party MLAs including SR Parthiban (Mettur), Azhagapuram R Mohanraj(Salem II), and R Subha (Gangavalli), DMDK state deputy secretary K Elangovan, district president S Radhakrishnan, district treasurer Sultan Basha and other functionaries were to attend the meeting.Around 100 members from AIADMK suddenly disrupted the meeting shouting slogans against DMDK president Vijayakanth. This irked the DMDK functionaries leading to a clash. DSPs S Manoharan and V Muniappan and other police personnel pacified party members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395894", "title": "Civil station to get its own parade ground", "text": "KOCHI: The Ernakulam civil station is going for a makeover. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth released the design of the parade ground planned at the civil station premises on Tuesday. The ground which will have facilities like helipad is expected to cost Rs 4 crore.The main gate of the civil station will be from Seaport-Airport road. All the three gates to the collectorate from the ground will be constructed as per the traditional architecture of Kerala. A three metre-long foot path will be constructed around the parade ground. As per the design, there would be an open stage for conducting various socio-cultural events.Visitors to the civil station will be provided proper resting places. A tank for rainwater harvesting will also be set up to facilitate watering the lawn and plants in the garden attached to the ground. Lightings in the pavements, toilets facilities are other amenities planned for the ground.A food court with traditional food will be set up. The electricity required for running the food court would be generated from the solar panel erected in the area.The ground will be available for official functions like Independence day parade and the Republic day parade. At present the parades to be held at district headquarters are held at various venues in the city.A fence between the collectorate premise and the parade ground will be built. There also plans to allot the ground for private programmes. The revenue from allotting the ground for private functions will be used for its maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395077", "title": "Secondary School Certificate, Higher Secondary Certificate exam results to be declared online today across Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The results of the exams held in September-October for the Secondary School Certificate (SSC, Std X) and Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC, std XII) will be announced online on Wednesday at 1 pm, a statement issued by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education said. The results will be announced on the website: www.msbshse.ac.in.The statement said that students will receive a hard copy of their marksheets at 3 pm on December 3, at their respective schools and colleges.The results will be declared subject-wise for each student for all the nine divisions of the state board including Pune, Mumbai, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Kolhapur, Amravati, Nashik, Latur and Konkan.In all, 2.23 lakh students appeared for the SSC exam through 576 examination centres in the state, while 1.89 lakh students appeared for the HSC exam through 326 examination centres.Students who are interested in revaluating their answer sheets will have to apply to their respective divisions with an application fee and copy of the marksheet on December 4.Students who wish to receive a copy of their answer sheets must apply to their respective division between November 29 and December 18, with a photo copy of their marksheet. The application forms are also available on the board website, says the statement.HelplinesPune: 020 25536712Nagpur: 0712 - 2553503Aurangabad: 0240 - 2334228Mumbai: 022 - 27893756Nashik - 0253 - 2592143Kolhapur: 0231 - 2696103Amravati: 0721 - 2662608Latur: 02382 - 228570Konkan: 2352 - 231250", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395553", "title": "Illegal borewell seized", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged by Badshapur police against two persons, who had allegedly dug an illegal borewell in Teekli village. Police have also seized the illegal borewell and the boring machine.According to information received, a team of Badshapur police raided in Teekli village where the accused were getting a borewell dug in the land belonging to Rajendra, resident of Teekli village. The accused were digging the borewell without obtaining the requisite permission from the administration. On seeing the cops, the accused fled the spot. An FIR has been lodged against Rajendra, resident of Teekli village and the machine operator %Budh Singh, resident of Firozgandhi colony, Gurgaon under Section 188/120b of IPC and are investigating.Gurgaon falls in high-risk seismic zone IV, making it highly vulnerable to earthquakes. Fast depleting groundwater levels are not only a risk from the point of view of water security, but also from the point of view of possibility of an earthquake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394340", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Uninspired Delhi fail to force result at sleepy Kotla", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu eked out an honourable draw in their Ranji Trophy Group B match against Delhi at the Ferozeshah Kotla with a resolute batting performance on the final day of the game.However, the visiting batsmen must be kicking themselves for their shambolic first-innings show when they folded for 226 on a pitch which yielded runs galore otherwise.Delhi amassed 555/4 when they batted first in the match and Tamil Nadu batters themselves batted out 75 overs on the fourth day losing just two wickets.Delhi, thus, made three points from the game as the two teams dispensed with the mandatory overs on the final day.The new ball, which proved to be just about the only threat throughout the tie, was blunted by openers Abhinav Mukund (38) and Arun Karthik , making it much easier for Tamil Nadu to keep Delhi attack at bay.Karthik remained unbeaten on 121 along with S Badrinath (41). A wicket fell each in the pre-lunch and post-lunch sessions to the left-arm spin of Vikas Mishra and that was all that happened during the day.Things, though, are getting interesting in the group now. With this result and Odisha beating Karnataka in Bangalore, the group has opened up which may.That, again, will hurt last year's finalists Tamil Nadu who have just nine points. They face Vidarbha up next followed by Baroda, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana. They have some task on their hands.Delhi, with 11 points, all from their three home games, are also not on very strong footing. But the team management tried to find some positives from the match, especially focusing on the performance of their seamers who went flat out.Coach Vijay Dahiya says he is content with the number of points the team has picked up against Tamil Nadu.\"The good news is that the bowlers dismissed such a strong batting lineup in a day on such a flat wicket. We still have a great chance to qualify for the knockouts,\" Dahiya said.Delhi have a relatively easier second half of the season where they play Haryana, Karnataka, Vidarbha and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395601", "title": "Parkinson's-affected doctor commits suicide", "text": "KOLKATA: A 57-year-old doctor, who was the head of preventive and social medicine at the Institute of Hygiene and Public Health, jumped off the fourth floor of his office building on Central Avenue on Monday.Employees and passersby heard a thud around 1pm and found Rabnadeb Biswas bleeding on the sidewalk. He was declared dead at a hospital. His wife Kanta Biswas identified the body and said he was depressed ever since he was diagnosed with Parkinson's seven years ago.The disease often made him immobile, because of which he had to skip office. His colleagues said he was irregular because of Parkinson's and that he had no professional problems. Police do not suspect foul play. Biswas did not leave behind a suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17394408", "title": "HP snow drives animals to lower zones", "text": "MANALI: Snowfall and extreme cold conditions on high hills of Himachal is forcing leopards, bears and other animals to descend lower to the inhabited areas in search of food, which could trigger man-animal conflict. Reports of animals preying on pets are coming from some parts of the state and the wildlife department has geared up to check poaching.A leopard is reported to have killed dogs in Bada Bhuin village of Kullu. According to Shyam Sundar, vice chief of the panchayat, many residents have seen a leopard near the village. Recently, Lahaul villagers had requested the wildlife department to catch the Himalayan brown bears that were destroying their crops.The department had confirmed spotting six snow leopards - two near Tholang village and four near Biling of Lahaul-Spiti - during the winters last year.Spiti DFO (wildlife) Rajesh Sharma said that though the snow leopards are accustomed to extreme snowfall, many a time they descend to the lower areas in search of prey. \"We had installed some trap cameras in sanctuaries which have clicked thousands of pictures of the animals, some of them are of snow leopards.Pictures have been sent to Mysore lab for verification,\" he pointed out. As density of rare and endangered animals like snow leopards, Himalayan musk dear, brown bear and birds including western tragopan and monal is higher in Great Himalayan National Park (GHNP) of the state, authorities have set up foolproof security to keep the poachers at bay. As many as 20 trap cams have been installed in the park.DFO of GHNP Sandeep Sharma said winters are driving the animals to lower areas and possibility of poaching has increased. He added, \"We have formed anti-poaching teams and set up patrolling camps after marking the most vulnerable areas in the park. Camps have been set up near the villages and mobile teams are also keeping tabs on illegal hunting. If poachers try to enter the park, cameras would take their pictures along with the arms which can be produced as proof in court.\"According to officials, descending of wild animals to the lower areas is normal after snowfall. People have been asked to co-operate with the wildlife department and not to harm them.National award winner environmentalist Kishan Thakur said humans are intruding into the natural habitats of the animals. \"We have destroyed trees of chestnut and walnut for timber on which most of the animals used to feed during winter months. We are encroaching on the jungles and have constructed projects in their habitats. They have no way left other than entering the inhabited areas.\"He also said that there is misconception that poaching has been stopped. Poachers are killing animals using traditional traps and awareness and strict law are the only ways to stop it, he added.Kids take leopard cub for catFour cubs of leopard were spotted at Kanaid village of Mandi on Saturday morning. Sundernagar divisional forest officer (DFO) Ajeet Thakur said some schoolchildren took one of the cubs for cat and were playing with it. \"Local residents caught the cub and handed it over to us. We are surveying the area for more leopards,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395488", "title": "No bar on what you can hire, paintings are on offer", "text": "GURGAON: As the party season begins, socializing is the buzzword in Gurgaon and entertaining at home is a pleasure, thanks to the weather. If you are one of those who want to make an impression on your boss, friends, relatives and colleagues then a good artwork on the wall is essential. Rather than investing in one, why not rent a painting? A new concept of 'rent-a-painting' has been launched in Gurgaon and is getting a good response.In the West, celebs rent jewellery for award nights and premiere shows, while in India there is a concept of renting a designer bag. Those in high-profile corporate jobs who cannot or do not want to invest in art but want to make an impression can rent a painting for a week, month, days from Studio Tikdam, a one-of-its-kind service in Delhi-NCR.\"I realized that many people are interested in art and would love to buy art, but the 'daunting price' of 'big-name-art' keeps them away. Many of these people are not serious art buyers but common folk who want to experiment and get a taste of art. Rent-A-Canvas therefore is a perfect 'fix' for such people as it is economical. Rent-a-canvas involves very little investment. You can sample art, enjoy-and-flaunt the art-piece with friends and colleagues. Change it as often as you want so art becomes accessible to all,\" says Manish Sinha, founder and owner of Studio Tikdam and the brainchild behind the concept.Manish, a computer engineer with an advertising background has worked for top ad agencies and calls himself \"a creative strategist with an eye for the quaint and the innovation\".His belief is that art shouldn't be restricted to the studios and is not only a domain of just the experts, but is for everyone, he explains, \"I stumbled upon Yogi, my artist partner in Sahara Mall. He was doing sketches for living. Pradeep, who used to do Temple art and small-time commissioned work, was hired later. I am trying to build a team of artists from around the country and even abroad. Ours is therefore a Tikdami team which explores popular culture-based art. Our canvas is largely pop-culture-sourced low-brow art and not high-brow stuff. It is like a popular Bollywood movie - for the mainstream.\"The market for art is maturing but there are still lots of people who have the taste for it but are unable to afford one. On the other hand, for many young and struggling artists, selling art can be an equally daunting task because galleries and curators have limited space and often want to play safe with established names. New artists sometimes never get the break they are looking for. Potential buyers pay a monthly fee (or one-off fee) for renting quirky, contemporary, Bollywood and popular culture-inspired art pieces.Gurgaon's young, upmarket and aspirational crowd has lapped up his concept as he puts it, \"If there is one city where this concept will work, it should be Gurgaon. It has a young, cosmopolitan crowd that has the money and a taste for art. Many of these people would want to experiment with contemporary art and have fun but are scared of the gallery prices. We are more about low-brow art that gives a quirky decor to your home, get you going with theme parties and fun and therefore Gurgaon seems like a perfect place. I have even been approached by brands to do theme parties around Tikdam art. A very popular theme is 'Bar Art' - inspired by alcohol and pop culture. Quirky personalized Bollywood art pieces are also much in demand.\"Clients can browse the studio collection and choose a theme. Once a renter's selected piece is delivered to his home, he can either keep it for as long as he is willing to pay the monthly rental fee, purchase it or exchange it for another piece. The art pieces range from about Rs 2,500 to Rs 25,000 from mostly young artists. \"I believe that art should be accessible to the common man. It should interest, intrigue and connect with him and the price should not be forbidding. Besides, art should be a lot of fun as well. Studio Tikdam wants to create a beautiful, fun-filled world with lots of art and conversation around art happening in a normal upper-middle class home. We are experimenting with different themes which a person can choose while doing a theme party at home- wine and art, bar art, food and art, dial-an-art-evening. Studio Tikdam deals with low-brow art. It's actually meant for masses. Our objective is that ordinary people should develop a taste and love for art, have fun collecting and owning it. Art should not be just serious, esoteric and prohibitively priced,\" adds the passionate entrepreneur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17393684", "title": "Headaches for Team India before Eden Test", "text": "OPENING SLOTEngland came to India with an opening dilemma as the void left by Andrew Strauss meant an inexperienced opening partner Alastair Cook . While the visitors tackled the problem rather seamlessly, India's struggle for a good opening stand is becoming more and more intense. Sehwag's 117 in Motera is not enough at home when Cook notched up two back-to-back hundreds in two Tests. Gambhir's scores of 45, 4 and 65 are also reflective of the southpaw's inconsistency.MIDDLE ORDERCheteshwar Pujara bailed India out with a defiant hundred at Mumbai after his heroic double hundred in the first Test at Motera. As someone who is showing the makings of another 'Wall', he has fought valiantly. But for how long? Shouldn't the likes of Virat Kohli, Sachin Tendulkar and Yuvraj Singh pull their weight. Don't rule out a major reshuffle if England manage to make it 2-1 at Eden Gardens.BHAJJI UNDERBOWLEDIf playing three spinners is the plan then why not utilise them to the full? It was amazing to observe MS Dhoni introduce Harbhajan Singh so late into the England innings as he is one bowler who gets maximum bounce from any wicket. Harbhajan may be a touch rusty, but the Wankhede wicket that had both bounce and sharp turn could have assisted the Indian offie.PART-TIME SPINNERSIf English batsmen have shown susceptibility to spin why were Yuvraj Singh and Virender Sehwag underplayed? Both players have the knack of breaking partnerships and they could have been used to unsettle England, especially when the Cook-Pietersen partnership was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396177", "title": "Wedding to light up old-age home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Palak Dak, 24, a resident of CG Road, is married on November 29, it will be unlike any other wedding this season. It will not only make her family happy, but also bring a smile to more than 200 senior citizens in the city, who will participate in the wedding ceremony.Palak and her family decided to donate all monetary wedding gifts to Jeevan Sandhya, a Naranpura-based old-age home. The family believes this initiative will inspire many others to help society in similar ways, making special occasions more memorable.Palak's father and uncle have been active volunteers at the old age home in Vadaj. \"I used to tag along and listen to their tales. As I grew older, I started to understand their plight. I was proud of them for braving all obstacles and leading a life of dignity. Thus, when we started to plan my wedding, I proposed to do something for this old age home and got an overwhelming response from both families,\" she says.Her uncle, Sheshmal Dak, says that a traditional Indian wedding costs more than Rs 2 to 3 lakh for a middle-class family. \"If even one per cent of these expenses go to the needy, half of our society's problems can be solved. We see tons of food thrown away at wedding venues every season. So we decided to abandon that. Our ceremony will be a simple one with even artificial flowers, so as not to harm nature,\" he said. Even the counter for 'chandlo' (money gifts) will have a banner reading - 'Jemne aapan ne nanpan ma aangli aapi emne chalo aaje haath aapiye, saath aapiye.' (Let us give a hand to those whose fingers we held in our childhood)Farsubhai Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya told TOI that the event will be a grand one for these seniors. \"Today, when children are pushing parents out of homes, such an incident shows that there are always two sides to a coin. We are elated at the gesture and hope it will set an example for society,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396150", "title": "Of Kerala's tropical charm &amp; India's mystical spectrum", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A week-long painting exhibition of artist Eby N Joseph titled 'Bharatha Darsanam', which depicts the social, cultural and geographical diversity of the country, began at the Roerich Art Gallery, Russian Cultural Centre, in the city on Monday. 'Bharatha Darsanam' is a continuation of his earlier project, 'Kerala Darsanam', which comprises 1,000 paintings and talks more about the landscape, history and culture of Kerala.The exhibition with the subtitle 'From the tropical charm of Kerala to the mystical spectrum of India', was inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy. The first part of 'Bharartha Darsanam' is titled 'Kerala and Gujarat', which consists of 25 paintings in acrylic on canvas. Streets of Porbandar, the birth place of Mahatma Gandhi, and the breathtaking landscapes of Kerala are depicted in this part. A conscious effort by the artist to walk away from the cliche portraits of Gandhiji is evident. Instead, he has sketched a Gandhiji reading books, in the backdrop of his village.\"When I tried to learn more about India, I realized that its biodiversity and rich culture are topics beyond my aptitude to understand. I am deeply indebted to the impressionist painters, especially Vincent van Gogh, Claude Monet and Edouard Manet,\" said Eby.Besides all these, Eby has another mission to accomplish. The artist has given life to Art Can Care, a forum that aims at the effective engagement of cancer patients. The artist, who was diagnosed with cancer during his painting marathon in 2008, later discovered that the person in him was stronger after treatment than before the illness. Famous oncologist Dr V P Gangadaharan inspired him to set his own life an example for the numerous cancer patients around. \"Cancer patients must be supported more with enhancing their mental health,\" said Eby.\"Exploitation under the guise of modern treatment is a serious issue, which the society must take up. This prompted us to go ahead with Art Can Care to help poor patients. Gandhiji, who went into the midst of the riot-affected people during the time of India's independence, is my role model,\" Eby added. His exhibition at Thiruvananthapuram will be followed by shows at the Russian cultural centres in New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396639", "title": "Three vehicle-lifters held, 8 bikes seized", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police solved two-wheeler theft cases by arresting three youths on Tuesday. Eight stolen two-wheelers worth Rs 3 lakh have been recovered from them.Police said Manju and Santosh were stopped near Vijayanagar Ring Road on November 23 during a documents-verification drive after they were seen moving around in a suspicious manner.During the interrogation, they confessed to lifting a two-wheeler near Koorgahalli.Later, they revealed they had teamed up with Chiranjeevi, a native of Tamil Nadu, to steal seven bikes in a span of eight months.Police have seized all the stolen bikes from Parandami police station limits in Gudiyattam taluk in the neighbouring state of Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17394451", "title": "India swimming coach Pradeep on Pakistan duty", "text": "BANGALORE: FINA's initiative to popularize swimming in Pakistan has found one of the best in the business to helm the project - India's national coach Pradeep Kumar.The highly-experienced Bangalorean was picked by the world swimming body, along with the International Olympic Committee (IOC), to train 46 Pakistani coaches for a six-day coaching clinic in Islamabad under its acclaimed FINA/IOC Olympic Solidarity Development Programme.\"I'm honoured that FINA has picked me to lead this programme. The main objective is to train them in all aspects of coaching such as methodology, stroke technique, water treading, planning and logistics, diet and nutrition and so on. So far the response has been great,\" Pradeep told TOI from Islamabad on Tuesday.The clinic, which began on Monday, also features two coaches from Nepal and conducts a special evening session for Pakistani swimmers.\"The standard of swimming here is slowly improving. They have a bunch of good swimmers from Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad. The main issue is that apart from a handful of indoor pools, they lack swimming infrastructure,\" said Pradeep, an ASCA Level-5 certified coach. The head coach will be back in India on December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394970", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation plans more riverside roads", "text": "PUNE: After getting the high court nod for a 3.2 km road along the Mutha river, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) now wants to go ahead with the development of a road network along the riverside.Though the new DP addresses the concern and insists on development along rivers, the civic administration also wants to build more roads along the Mutha river in areas where traffic congestion is more.\"The PMC will go ahead with its road network plan as the city is growing and there is more pressure on the existing network. New roads are suggested in the DP. River protection and road construction do not contradict each other and the PMC will lay new roads along the river to smoothen traffic flow,\" said a senior civic official.The new Development Plan (DP) for the old city areas has a proposal for river conservation. The DP says: \"It is necessary to protect river banks in the mid-city areas. Efforts should be taken to protect the bio-diversity along the river stretch flowing in the congested areas of the city. The PMC plans to launch River Front Development for the same\".Recently, members of NGO Jal Biradari published a 'charter of rights and demands of rivers' that highlights the plight of rivers and suggests ways to restore them. The charter highlights the urgent need to discuss and resolve the problems related to rivers, river basins and river development zones in the administrative, catchment and downstream regions of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The charter adds that due to uncontrolled growth, water bodies in the city have been encroached upon and the flow of rivers disrupted. To stop this destruction, there should be a thorough evaluation and audit of rivers, nullahs, tributary beds and basins and their no-development zones with comprehensive participation of people, says the charter.The Bombay high court's (HC) verdict on Monday has come as a shot in the arm for the PMC. The HC rejected the plea of city-based environmental organization Parisar against the construction of the 3.2-km riverside road from Mhatre bridge to Jayantrao Tilak bridge.A city-based group of environmentalists had gone to court demanding that work of laying the road be stopped. The rivers flowing through Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad join the Bhima river and, consequently, pollute that also, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394057", "title": "Info panel appointments arbitrary: Shailesh Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi and social activist Aruna Roy on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court opposing appointment of retired judges to information commissions but agreed with the court's remark that bureaucrats close to the government were picked for RTI panels both at the central and state levels.\"It is true that under the present system, there is no transparency in the method of selection and several appointments have been made on an arbitrary basis,\" said Roy and Gandhi, who till recently was an information commissioner in the Central Information Commission (CIC).They filed a joint application seeking permission to be a party in the Union government's plea seeking review of SC's September 13 judgment directing appointment of retired judges as heads of CIC and SICs.But they disagreed with the court in appointment of retired judges as heads of CIC and SICs. \"Information commissions are not judicial tribunals since they are not administering justice, but are only providing access to information to make administration transparent. The work being done by these commissions do not require them to be judicially and legally trained, but only expects that they be persons of intelligence, common sense and integrity,\" they said.While entertaining the Centre's review petition, the court had clarified that by directing appointment of retired judges to RTI panels, it had intended to bring independence to the important institutions and not rehabilitate retired judges.Gandhi and Roy said they welcomed the apex court's judgment so far as it related to bringing in transparency in the appointment of information commissioners. \"However, the direction that the commission should work in benches where one commissioner is a judicial member would create several problems that have the potential of defeating the objective of the Right to Information Act itself,\" they said.The applicants said international agencies had rated the RTI Act as one of the best transparency laws in the world but agreed that it had not yet been fully implemented in letter and spirit. \"RTI users across the country have been trying to improve the functioning of the Act. Citizens have adopted the Act as their own, and have so far warded off the government's attempt to weaken it with amendments,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395726", "title": "MP-actor held on cheating charges", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Crime Branch (CCB) police on Tuesday arrested actor and DMK MP J K Ritheesh on charges of cheating a businessman to the tune of 20 crore.Rajasekar of Nungambakkam lodged a complaint alleging that Ritheesh had entered into an MoU in 2009 with his family promising to acquire for them land worth 19.73 crore before August 3, 2011. Otherwise, he would repay the amount in full with interest, the MoU said.Ritheesh had taken the money from Rajasekhar's father Murugesan, managing director of a private firm, for the purchase of the land. He gave them some property in Sriperumbudur, but the family found the title deed provided by Ritheesh defective. They then sought the money back, but Ritheesh tried to wriggle out promising to purchase more land for the said amount. Later, when he neither paid the amount nor gave the lands as promised, Rajasekhar and his family approached him. Ritheesh refused to return the money and issued them life threats.Police registered a case under IPC Sections 420 (cheating), 465 (punishment for forgery), 468 and 471 ) and 506(ii) (criminal intimidation). He was summoned to the CCB office on Tuesday and arrested. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395391", "title": "Upset over obscene remark, girl hangs self", "text": "LUCKNOW: A teenage girl committed suicide in UP's Auraiya district on Tuesday evening after some obscene remarks on her were scribbled in the classroom. The girl left the school early and ended her life at home.Shivani Rajawat, 15, a class 10 student of Gopal Inter College, found some obscene comments attributed to her scribbled on the wall of her class room on Tuesday morning. Shivani got disturbed over the incident.She approached college principal Kusum Bishnoi after the second period and told her that she wanted to go home as she was not feeling well. The principal, however, denied permission. After the third period, Shivani again went to the principal once, this time with a written application for leaving early.When the principal asked the contact numbers of her parents, Shivani reportedly told her that her father Veeru Rajawat was no more and her mother Mamta Devi, an anganwadi worker, had gone for work. Her elder brother Abhay Rajawat studies in Mathura. Since Shivani was good at academics and had never sought exemption from school earlier, the principal allowed her to go home.Shivani reached her Tilak Nagar house in Kotwali police circle and found her paternal grandfather present there. She reportedly told him that she was not feeling well and went into her room. Later in the evening, when Shivani's mother returned home she found her daughter hanging in the room. She reported the matter to the police. Later, Shivani's classmates told her mother about the remarks scribed scribbled in the class room.\"College principal Kusum Bishnoi said she has formed a committee comprising members of the management to trace the person who had written the obscene remarks,\" said police inspector Brij Mohan Yadav, in charge of the Kotwali police station under which the incident took place.Police said no suicide note was found and efforts were on to ascertain the reason behind the suicide. The body was later sent for postmortem.Police have ruled out possibilities of any foul play in Shivani's death.\"We believe things will be clear once we get the postmortem report by Wednesday afternoon,\" Inspector Brij Mohan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "indian footballer baichung bhutia is keen that a film be made on him. he, in fact, has also been trying to write an autobiography for the last five years. baichung, who was in the city recently, says", "code": "17387012", "title": "I want my son to become a tennis player: Baichung Bhutia", "text": "Indian footballer Baichung Bhutia is keen that a film be made on him. He, in fact, has also been trying to write an autobiography for the last five years. Baichung, who was in the city recently, says: \"I haven't been approached by any filmmaker. But I think my story would generate an interest. I have encountered several challenges in life which need to be told. Also it will have a happy ending.\"However, the footballer feels that filmmakers should portray real life stories. \"Some filmmakers are making movies on sports personalities. But I think instead of adding masala to the movie, they should just portray the real stories. That's the only way the audience will get inspired.\" On his unwritten autobiography, Baichung says: \"I am unable to give time. You need a lot of patience to document your life.\"Baichung, who had also won a dance reality show, says that he has been approached for Bigg Boss and Survivor India but is unable to take up anything right now because he wants to work on the football club he started.\"It's been one-and-half years, and now United Sikkim Football Club comes under top 10 clubs in India. My aim is to provide support to young football enthusiasts at the grass root level. I would love if Shah Rukh Khan invests in my club since he is keen to promote the sport,\" says the Arjun aaward winner. Baichung is confident that even though cricket is the most popular sport in the country, people will be encouraged to take up other sports only if the success stories are talked about.Baichung, who is blessed with one son and two daughters, doesn't want his son to become a footballer. \"I want my children to pursue sports in school but whether they want to take it professionally or not, it's up to them. I would want my son to become a tennis player instead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394845", "title": "Railways\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 institute to impart accounting training", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways is going to set up its own training institute for imparting training and improving finance and accounting skills among its officials.Railways will set up an Indian Railway Institute of Financial Management (IRIFM) at Secunderabad to train its officials in accounting and finance.The state-run transporter will also start a specialized programme for deputing middle-level finance officers abroad for training in accounts and finance.Announcing the decision on the occasion of the Indian Railway Account Services (IRAS) day, Vijaya Kanth, financial commissioner of railways, asked IRAS officers to examine their role in public service that is meant to be efficient and effective with integrity.She exhorted the officers to improve their skills which should keep pace with developments outside the finance world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396524", "title": "MoU inked for telemedicine network", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is all set for another milestone in the health sector with establishment of telemedicine network in rural areas spread across 212 Primary Health Centres (PHCs) of 38 districts. An MoU to this effect was signed by the State Health Society, Bihar (SHSB) and Keonics, a Karnataka government-owned enterprise. Though telemedicine projects are going on in other states, Bihar would be the first one to launch it on a large scale.\"It will be a watershed moment in the history of rural medicine in Bihar. People living in remote areas of the state, who don't have accessibility to health care, will be greatly benefitted,\" said health secretary-cum-executive director of SHSB Sanjay Kumar . The ambitious project would be rolled out in February next year. The Ayush department of Union health ministry has earmarked more than Rs 27 crores for it over three years.The PHCs, where a primary check-up of the patient would be done will be connected with 38 district hospitals which, in turn, would be connected to a central unit in Patna. About 250 paramedical staff would be trained by Keonics that has partnered with KTwo Technology Solutions for the project. \"At the PHCs diagnostic facilities for checking blood pressure, blood sugar, body temperature, ECG test and urine analysis, among others, would be available. This medical record would then be transferred electronically to the doctor concerned for consultation. Through videoconferencing at the PHC, even a patient could speak to the doctor, who, in turn, would prescribe medicines,\" said Dr Anant R Koppar, founder of KTwo Technology Solutions.An array of hospitals has also been taken in the loop. Apart from private health providers like Fortis and Apollo, Patna's Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences are in the tentative list of consultant hospitals. \"The effort is on to establish the required technical facilities in government health hospitals too.\"However, the patient would have to bear the cost of treatment. The tests at PHCs would be conducted at notional cost, with ECG costing a maximum of Rs 50. So far as consultation goes, if the doctor is a private consultant, the patient will have to bear the cost. The government is in talks with private health care providers to give rebate in fee, said Kumar. He added, \"State Health Society is in talks with the government to reimburse the treatment cost to BPL families.\" While patients will not have to bear the cost of medicines available at the PHCs, for others they will have to do so.Telemedicine will also help maintain e-records of patients' medical history. Not only will it help the doctor to trace patients' history easily, the collected database would also help in research of area-specific diseases, Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394121", "title": "Rickety structures pose a risk to residents, shoppers", "text": "BHOPAL: The dilapidated structures in the New Market area, a major shopping hub of the state capital, pose risk to life and limb of residents, shopkeepers and consumers. Despite notices to remove old structures and uproot the new ones, owners of the respective buildings round New Market, no action has been taken by them, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials allege.\"We have marked around 217 structures in and around New Market which are in a bad shape and needs reconstruction,\" said Rajneesh Shrivastava, commissioner, BMC.\"We have issued notices to the owners of the private buildings around New Market asking them to detonate their buildings and reconstruct them before any accident. It is made clear in the notice that if the building owners do not act even after getting notices from the BMC, the BMC can lodge an FIR against the owner and make him pay for the loses in case of an accident,\" he added.The BMC had issued notices to the owners of private buildings in New Market in June, he said.The commissioner said, \"We are working on a plan to remove and re-construct dilapidated structures owned by the corporation in New Market before any accident takes place.\"The market was established in the early 1960's and is the shopping hub of Bhopal. There are over 10,000 shops in the market.The buildings adjacent to Bhopal Co-operative Central Bank, above HP gas agency, opposite Rang Mahal talkies, in ladies tailor market and most two-storeyed buildings inside the main market which have shops on the ground floor and storage facilities on the first floor.The row of buildings opposite TT Nagar police station are also in a bad shape. \"The buildings are painted from outside, which gives them a fresh look. But the condition of the buildings is poor,\" BMC officials said requesting anonymity.\"I have been telling the BMC officials to look into the matter for three years. I think the corporation will act only after an accident takes place,\" Taslim Wahid Laskari, Congress corporator told TOI.Parking woes :Parking menace still continues to create inconvenience for commuters passing New Market each day. The BMC has marked 2.5 acre of land near the community hall for developing it into a multi-level parking for the convenience of New Market visitors, BMC commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394880", "title": "Railways gets tough on erring food vendors, to slap fine of Rs 5k", "text": "NASHIK: Railway authorities have decided to take tough measures against erring food vendors at the Nashik Road railway station and have warned defaulters that they would be fined Rs 5,000 for violation of catering norms.Taking note of cases of food contractors fleecing commuters, the railway officials have issued a notice to stall owners asking them to stick to the norms related to supplying of snacks and drinks or else face punitive action.The action by the railways has come a week after this newspaper wrote about food vendors fleecing passengers at the Nashik Road railway station.A notice issued by the station manager pointed out that the vendors or stall owners who were found compromising on quality or quantity or failed to make the Rs 10-'janata khana' available during specific timings of the day, would be fined Rs 5,000 on the spot.\"Hitherto, the station superintendant or the commercial inspector would issue a notice to us if either of them was convinced there was some issue with the supplies and at the same time they would send information to the divisional railway manager, Bhusawal, who would in-turn levy penalty. We were surprised to see the note circulated Monday and Tuesday that warned about 'on the spot' penalty,\" one of the vendors said.When contacted, the divisional railway manager, railways, Bhusawal, Mahesh Gupta, said that his office was in receipt of a few complaints and there were some reports in the media as well. \"During a recent visit I tried to verify the facts. Though I did not find anything, I have asked the officials to ensure that passenger amenities are not compromised upon and hence the provision of 'on the spot' fine,\" Gupta said.The Indian railways promises 'janata khana' for Rs 10 per box that contains four puris, a sabji (total 250 gm) and pickle, 170-ml tea for Rs 5, mineral drinking water bottle for Rs 12, etc. But the stall owners provide tea between 90 ml and 120 ml only, or overcharge the mineral drinking water bottles. Some even fail to make 'janata khana' available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17397251", "title": "Outrage against an individual and society", "text": "Acting against police highhandedness and transferring a magistrate do not really close this case. There's also the unfinished matter of getting justice for the mindless vandalism of a doctor's property. A mob ransacking a doctor's clinic just because his niece had expressed her views on a social networking site is an outrage not only against an individual but against society at large. Justice will not be done till those responsible for the violence are made to pay for their crime.Related story: Facebook arrests: Police should now pursue case for hospital attack, say lawyers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396329", "title": "I've retired, but struggle will go on: Dalai Lama", "text": "BANGALORE: The Dalai Lama, the spiritual leader of Tibetans, on Wednesday said he was a retired man when it came to the cause of his compatriots.\"When it comes to the cause of Tibet, I'm a retired man. But the cause will continue. What China has is the power of the gun, which is temporary, but our movement has the power of truth, it is stronger. Over the years, we have many of our brothers and sisters from China showing solidarity to our cause. China is a dictatorship, so I'm sure there will be more like us among the Chinese, the suppressed,\" the Dalai Lama said on Tuesday, during an address to Tibetan nationals at Central College here.He also had a word of advice for his followers: \"If you have Chinese students in your college or workshop, don't think of them as your enemies, they are not.\"The Senate Hall spilled over with those who had come to see the 77-year-old leader.His main message to the Tibetan crowd, gathered from all parts of the state, was to maintain Tibetan culture wherever they were. \"In this society filled with violence and destruction, maintaining a compassionate culture is very important,\" he said.Translating the Dalai Lama's Tibetan speech, a student present at the address said: \"He told the students that with more emphasis on the modern education system, students are forgetting the Tibetan language. As the language is rich in grammar, it's the best way to understand Buddhism. He also spoke about renewing Tibetan schools in the state and even extending education in Tibetan beyond primary schools.\"Cleared by: SPrasad/ gul", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394639", "title": "Two chain snatchings, one burglary in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: As prices of yellow metal skyrocket, chain snatchers and burglars have become very active once again. The city witnessed two chain snatching cases and one burglary on Monday.The first incident of chain snatching took place near Sathe Plot on Monday evening. The complainant Rashmi Urade (54), a resident of Abhinav Smruti Apartment, was returning home when two unidentified motorcycle borne miscreants came up from behind her. Before Urade could realize anything was amiss, they snatched her gold chain with a diamond pendant worth Rs 1.15 lakh and fled the scene. A case has been registered with Dhantoli police station.The second incident was reported in Somalwada area under the jurisdiction of Pratap Nagar police station. Two youths riding on a motorcycle intercepted 43-year-old Gauri Kushwah, a resident of Somalwada, and her daughter, when they were returning home.According to Gauri, the two bike-borne miscreants approached them and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 15,000 and fled the spot. On the basis of the description provided by Gauri of the miscreants, the cops arrested Kailash Bharadwaj (23) and Ravi Kumre (26).House burgledUnidentified thieves stuck at Welcome Society in Dabha area on Monday night and decamped with valuables and cash worth around Rs 1.76 lakh.Police said thieves struck at the house of Swanand Dhawad (32) when he and with his family members had gone to a sister's house at Priyadarshani Colony. Taking advantage of the empty house, thieves sneaked in by breaking open the front door and decamped with gold ornaments, cash Rs 60,000 and two mobile phones, Dhawad said in his complaint to Gittikhadan police.Goons externedCity police on Tuesday externed two notorious goons Tarachand Khillare and Sanjay Soni from Nagpur city and district. Khillare and Soni had committed many serious crimes including murders, threatening others and stabbing, and offences against them were lodged at many city police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396649", "title": "UP police must take strict action", "text": "To begin with, it isn't even clear whether the person detained by police was indeed guilty of the crime he is alleged to have committed. But even if he had been unquestionably guilty, police would have had no right to treat him in this manner. The UP police must investigate the matter and take strict action to send out a clear signal that contempt for proper legal processes will not be tolerated.Related Story  :  Noida cops keep youth chained to post for 4hrs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17394904", "title": "Ghaziabad residents file complaint against GDA and developer", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Residents of an upscale housing society in Ahimsa Khand-II of Indirapuram filed a police complaint on Monday alleging negligence on the part of Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and the developer of the project to put in place proper fire safety measures in their society. RWA members filed the complaint after a fire broke out on the fifth floor of a tower.Though the fire caused by electrical short-circuit was quickly brought under control by alert residents and maintenance staff, RWA members alleged that fire tenders could not have moved into the society premises had the fire resulted into a major blaze. As per residents, the construction of a sample flat near the gate of the society has encroached upon the 6m space mandatory to be left vacant for fire tenders to move in.Residents informed that despite several reminders from the fire department, the sample flat constructed on the setback area has not been demolished. \"Fire department officials and GDA officials have personally inspected the site. At least six notices have been served in the past year-and-half for demolition of the flat,\" said RWA president, Dharmender Singhal.The complaint was filed late on Monday night by the RWA members of Rishabh Paradise Housing Society at the Sector 58 police station in Gautam Budh Nagar, under whose jurisdiction the area falls. Residents have mentioned in the complaint that there is a \"constant fear of loss of life and property as a result of the negligence of the builder and the GDA\".The developer of the housing society refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396526", "title": "Workshop provides platform for women to share business ideas", "text": "MYSORE: The workshop on 'Opportunity areas and support for women entrepreneurs' organized by the Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industry, here on Tuesday drew a large crowd.The workshop provided a platform for aspiring and budding entrepreneurs looking for new opportunities in entrepreneurship to come together and share their views.\"Women who want to start new business in the city can think of service industries. Tourism and handicraft can be the best opportunity. Selling home-made soaps and flower baskets to offices and hotels where tourists stay is an option,\" Federation of Karnataka Chamber and Commerce Industry (FKCCI) women entrepreneurship committee chairperson Srilakshmi Kamath said.Young women can also become tour managers. With good communication skills and managerial qualities, they can become tour guides. Upgraded spas with acupuncture and other facilities can also be a good idea, she said and added that marketing through websites will give further boost.According to Women In Small Enterprise president Urmeela Venkatesh, women in Mysore get equal opportunity in entrepreneurship. She also offered support to those who want to become entrepreneurs.At the inaugural, FKCCI women entrepreneurship committee chairperson Srilakshmi Kamath said a women entrepreneurship clinic has been set up in Bangalore. It will be extended throughout the state to help women entrepreneurs, especially in rural areas, he added.Canara Bank DGM D Sambi Reddy said the allocation of 5 per cent loans for women will be increased to 12 per cent. Loan recovery from women entrepreneurs is 100 per cent, he added.MCCI president Sudhakar S Shetty also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395577", "title": "Kolkata may get new icon in railway overbridge", "text": "KOLKATA: The City of Joy looks set to get a new landmark much like the two iconic bridges on the Hooghly. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has okayed the design of the crucial 80m railway overbridge, which will join the two near ends of Kolkata's longest elevated corridor - the 9km flyover from Paroma island to Park Circus.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim sounded excited on Tuesday after the CM cleared the design. \"The suspension bridge will not only be a technological marvel, but also an architectural beauty. We are glad we could take the project ahead,\" he said. The CM chose the design from among nine options, and it may well turn out to be Kolkata's latest icon.\"The overbridge was the missing link of this ambitious flyover project. The bridge itself will be a great challenge for us because it covers an 80-metre span,\" said Vivek Bharadwaj, CEO of Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), the implementing agency of the Rs 317-crore Park Circus-Paroma island elevated corridor.For KMDA, the technological complexity will only make the project all the more stimulating. According to rules, the overbridge must be constructed without piers in between.Soil testing for the bridge - that will be built over the existing Bridge No 4 - has already begun. Bharadwaj said it should be constructed in 18 months. Train services in the Park Circus section will be suspended for four hours every day - between 12 am and 4 pm - to speed up work.Hectic construction activity has been on since February 2010 for the 9-km flyover executed by HCC. But a separate bid was called for construction of the highly challenging overbridge and L&T; eventually made it.The ambitious overbridge project had run into several hurdles, including design flaws. Trouble for its construction started three years ago when the railway ministry, which was supposed to build the suspension bridge, opted out of the project. The onus was shifted to KMDA, but the cost for the JNNURM-funded flyover had already been fixed at Rs 317. Therefore, fresh funds had to be generated for the overbridge.The Bengal government has now applied for a one-time central assistance for the Rs 70-crore suspension bridge. The Centre will pay Rs 21 crore and the state government the rest.The project will be the first success story in infrastructure for the Mamata Banerjee government, which is forever running into encroachment-related hurdles. KMDA has quietly removed 383 illegal settlers from the 500-metre stretch along Bridge No 4. The drive was undertaken between November 7 and 12. Each hutment was given Rs 12,000 as compensation.According to L&T; officials, building the new bridge atop the existing one - with trains plying underneath (except for four hours between 12 am and 4 pm) - is the most difficult part of the assignment. The original brick-made overbridge will remain since the cost of dismantling would be exorbitant. A lot of time and effort would have been wasted on the demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396619", "title": "Eve-teasers on the prowl in Mysore, girls wary", "text": "MYSORE: The rising cases of eve-teasing have left the inmates of girls' hostels and paying guest accommodations helpless in the city. While eve-teasers are roaming fearlessly, police are doing \"very little\" to tackle the menace.Jyothi K V, a PG student, said some months ago, a middle-aged man pulled down his trousers when she and her friend were walking near the college hostel. \"It was a deserted road. Both of us fled the place swiftly. Many of my friends had similar bitter experiences,\" she stated.Another girl student, who refused to reveal her identity, said: \"When I went to the terrace on one night to talk over phone, I saw a man hiding. The moment I spotted him, he jumped down and escaped,\" she added.Dasharath, hostel convener of Maharani's Arts and Commerce, said many youngsters keep roaming near the hostel. \"Whenever girls move out, the eve-teasers try to touch them or pass lewd comments,\" he said, adding: \"We have sought help from police, but to no avail. The nuisance still continues.\"Philip Winston Brown, a hotelier residing next to Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering girls' hostel in Vijayanagar, said many inebriated youngsters wander near the hostel, passing lewd remarks on girls, sometimes taking their names. They will be more active between 11pm and 2am. They will be hyperactive during weekends.\"I have informed this to police, but it seems they are reluctant to stop the nuisance. Hostel inmates and residents are suffering due to their apathy,\" he said, adding that police have stopped night beats in the area.When contacted, Gundappa Gowda, president of Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering, said no such case has been brought to the notice of the college administration. \"We will take stringent action against eve-teasers and curb such activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394916", "title": "Nashik Police seek custody of suspect in bag-lifting case", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have sought custody of Salim Irani, a burglar of Shrirampur in Ahmednagar district who was arrested by Yeola (Nashik district) police on Saturday. Senior police officials have asked for the custody of Irani, who is suspected to be involved in offences in the city mainly related to bag lifting.Irani was arrested for suspected involvement in the Rs 9.26 lakh robbery case on Yeola Vinchur Road on November 9. He was remanded in police custody till Wednesday. The Yeola police said the accused and one more person had robbed a couple on a motorcycle after they withdrew money from a bank there.Nashik has witnessed many incidents of such robberies and bag lifting. According to senior police officials these criminals hail from Shrirampur and Kalyan and have been involved in many such crimes.In view of incidences of people being cheated by conmen posing as policemen and asking elderly people to remove the jewellery for safety, robberies, bag lifting, there are chances that the police may seek Irani's custody.Ahead of Diwali , 270 g of gold was stolen from a jeweller in Nag Chowk area of the city, when he had stopped at a paan stall but kept the bag containing jewellery in the boot of his scooter.Earlier this month, Rs 2 lakh was stolen by smashing the window of a car near Yashwant Vyayamshala and picking the bag containing money on the front seat.An elderly person was robbed of Rs 3 lakh in Nashik Road area while he was on his way home on a bicycle after withdrawing the money from a bank. On the same day, a woman who had stepped out of a jewellery shop was robbed of the jewellery worth Rs two lakh in Gangapur Road area of the city.Senior police officials have asked for the custody of Irani, who is suspected to be involved in offences in the city mainly related to bag lifting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396656", "title": "Play to encourage letter writing", "text": "MYSORE: Bangalore-based WeMove Theatre is trying to revive the art of letter writing by staging a play revolving around the subject on Saturday.The play will be staged at Vanaranga in Rangayana at 7pm. The Bangalore-based troupe, which has already presented some plays here, returns to the city this winter ahead of Rangayana's theatre festival.'Nannavala Kagada' (My Beloved's Letter), written by S Gundurao, aims at spreading awareness on letter writing among the youths. \"It is a humorous play with the protagonist being a poet,\" Hanu Ramasanjeev of WeMove Theatre told reporters on Tuesday. The new-look play is designed to suit the youngsters, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17394905", "title": "Paper calling Kasab martyr causes panic", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Panic triggered in the bar association office of Ghaziabad after a piece of paper was found pasted calling Ajmal Kasab a martyr with a threat to bomb the court complex in the afternoon. As the news spread, city police, bomb squads, etc swung into action. A heavy police force was deployed in and around the area to keep a close watch. Police suspect it to be the handiwork of an organized group trying to disturb communal harmony in the city. No FIR has been filed yet.SP (City) SS Yadav said when cops came to know about the incident, both the state police and PAC conducted a thorough check in the court. \"The court proceedings, however, continued as normal,\" Yadav said.Eyewitnesses said that some lawyers found the handwritten letter stuck in a rest room. It read, \"Three time bombs would go off in the premises after 1pm unless the entrance to the court was rechristened Shaheed Ajmal Kasab Dwar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395347", "title": "PWD makes trees choke on concrete", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are worried about trees facing a hostile environment in the city, here is some more grim news. Many old trees across the city are struggling to survive as their roots are being choked by concrete. One such stretch is on Press Enclave Road where a number of Alstonia or Saptaparni trees are getting choked with concrete and cement tiles as part of Delhi government's pavement construction project, undertaken by PWD.In complete violation of a 2009 Delhi high court order that a 'breathing space' of 6ft circumference must be left around a tree, PWD workers had sealed the entire space with cement and tiles. Alert members of an NGO, Compassionate Living, intervened and demanded that the workers dig out the concrete immediately. They also called the police to the spot and informed the forest department.On Tuesday, when a TOI team visited the spot, many trees were still choked by cement and tiles. \"Choking the earth with cement and topping with badarpur and tiles is an unsustainable practice that must be stopped immediately. It is a threat to groundwater recharge and survival of trees besides being a sheer waste of public funds. Porous tiles must be used if tiling is unavoidable,\" said Padmavati Dwivedi of the NGO. Dwivedi has also found many trees - including that of Neem, Arjun and Pilkhan - in front of a school in Saket that are choking because of very less space around them. A pavement project by MCD has left hardly a 2ft circumference space for large trees.The forest department agreed that the project had violated the HC order. \"We will not allow them to continue with the laying of concrete around these trees. Delhi Tree Authority will also circulate the rule of leaving a 6ft breathing space among agencies involved in development works in Delhi,\" said Sanjiv Kumar, secretary, environment and forests. PWD officials have been alerted. \"We are digging out the concrete. Now a space of 6 by 6 ft will be made around the trees,\" said a PWD official. However, the space that has been created for some trees on Tuesday seemed far smaller than 6ft.Concrete pavements don't just put a strain on trees but can be bad news for groundwater recharge. The rain water is not able to seep in through the concrete pavement, leading to gradual death of the trees and drying up of underground aquifers. \"There is a clear correlation between porosity of soil and groundwater recharge. When it rains, the water permeates to the underground aquifers and the excess rain goes away as run-off to the stormwater drains and later to the river. But, concretization across NCR has gone up and a huge amount of recharge zone is lost. A lot of low-lying areas have also encroached on water bodies. This creates a flooding mess every monsoon,\" said Bharat Lal Seth, deputy programme manager, water policy, at Centre for Science and Environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17396014", "title": "Anamalai Tiger Reserve reopens for tourism", "text": "COIMBATORE: After four months of indecisiveness, Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) was reopened for 'regulated and low impact tourism' on Tuesday facilitating entry for nature lovers to key attractions like Topslip, Monkey Falls, Chinnakallar Falls, Nallamudi View Point and Meenparai. Lifting of the ban on tourism in ATR also facilitates entry of visitors to Kerala's famous Parambikulam Tiger Reserve, which is accessible only through Top Slip.Tourists can also access Chinnar Water Falls and Panchalinga Aruvi at Thirumoorthy, given that the ban has been revoked. Two forest guest houses located in Sheikalmudi and Sethumadai can also be accessed as the ATR has started implementing fresh guidelines on tourism approved by the Supreme Court.\"The Supreme Court has permitted tourism in 20 percent of the core area. In our case, we are just using about six percent of the core area for tourism,'' said the ATR field director Rajiv Srivastava. However, the elephant safari at Top Slip has been discontinued as all the elephants are at the Kozhikamuthi rejuvenation camp.In Topslip, nature lovers can enjoy a 17 km vehicle safari conducted by the forest department. Bookings can be made on the spot at Topslip and advance bookings can be made at the forest office in Pollachi. Three trekking routes have also been resumed at Pandaravara, Manampally and Aliyar. In Top Slip, two dormitories are available with 30 beds. In addition, there are 18 guest houses in tourism permitted areas of ATR. At Monkey Falls, located close to Valparai Road, the department is planning special parking facilities and basic amenities.With the opening of Chinnakallar Falls and Nallamudi View Point, visitors to Valaparai can have access to all its major attractions. Travel operators and home stay providers in Valparai had waged a long legal battle to have both locations exempted from the tourism ban.\"We are in the process of ensuring active involvement of traditional forest dwellers in tourism activities. We will ensure community participation in all tourism-related activities and ensure that the benefits of eco-tourism reach the various aborigine communities that live in the periphery of the reserve,'' said Rajiv Srivastava. In ATR, About 40 tribal youths have already been trained in hospitality management and dealing with visitors. Anamalai is set to follow the Parambikulam model of involving tribals in tourism. \"Only sustainable, equitable and community-based efforts which will improve the living standards of local, host communities lon the fringes of reserves will be allowed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17396994", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDinosaur\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 fossil found in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: The news that a skeleton of a dinosaur has been found created hue and cry in Sindri. People from all walks of life rushed to the house of a daily wager, who claimed to have found it in the bushes near Priyadarshini Park, to get a glimpse of the skeleton of the rare specie. The road leading to his house got blocked and people rushing to get a glimpse of the unseen sight created a law and order situation prompting the local police to intervene and seize the skeleton.According to reports, Vinod Ram a daily wager found the skeleton while cutting wood about a week ago. Out of curiosity, he took the skeleton to his house and showed the unique structure of the skeleton to some of the educated persons in the vicinity. Though he and the others tried to keep it a secret the news spread like wild fire on Tuesday.Prof G Kumar, head of geology department at BIT Sindri, visited the place and found the species to be rare. He appealed to the police to hand over the skeleton to the institute so that the same can be sent for dating. The police have handed over the skeleton to Prof Kumar for further examination.Manoj Kumar Singh, the officer in-charge of Sindri PS, however suspected that the skeleton might have been extracted with coal from the nearby collieries as the clearly visible coal dust on the skeleton suggests that.Kumar said dinosaurs were found in Mesozoic Era and there are no records to suggest Mesozoic formation in this area. That it is not the skeleton of a dinosaur is almost confirmed but it can be a missing link between the dinosaur and the lizard, he said and informed that he would send it to Chandigarh for dating. Anything concrete can be said only after the experts of the vertebrate institute in Chandigarh examine it properly, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17396578", "title": "Super 7 get famous 5 minutes with Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUDHIANA: Of the 1,000 students of Sat Paul Mittal School, only seven made it to the magical five minutes of proximity with the president. Needless to say, those five minutes will last a lifetime in their minds. Sumair Brar, Vani Saggar, Jassimran Saluja, Gurmehr Gogia, Saiyam Kalia, Rageshwari Sall and Anhad Arora were the chosen ones who met the President.Class X student Vani Saggar was moved and inspired with the answer the President gave her when she asked why youth were shying away from politics. \"Rather than answering your questions I would like to get answers from you, I would love to hear what you want to do when you grow up,\" he said. Sure enough, politics is not on Vani's agenda either.Had Sumair Brar gotten a chance to talk to the President he would have been ecstatic, but that did not come to pass and Sumair has mixed feelings. He was sad at not being able to talk but was nevertheless happy at having been face to face with the President.Class XII student Jassimran Saluja of Dugri, was also expectantly waiting for a chance to talk to the President but his busy schedule prevented her from doing so. \"On Tuesday, I came to know that I will get a chance to ask questions to the President and for me the excitement of meeting the President set in that day. However, we could not talk to him much because of his tight schedule. But then, meeting the President of India is an achievement.\"Class XII student Saiyyam Kalia of Dugri remembers the President as someone humble and kind, a man who squeezed in time for the children in his packed schedule. \"He was so simple and humble. His advice to us was that we should be disciplined and respectful towards our teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17395696", "title": "Water row triggers uproar against Howrah mayor", "text": "HOWRAH: On a day when the effigy of Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal was burnt and political activists demanded stringent action against her, a clarification by plant superintendent of Padmapukur Water Works (PWW) was submitted to the resident audit office of Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC).The clarification comes in the wake of a TOI report last week on the contents of an internal audit report. The report, questioning the quality of the treated water at PWW, was submitted on November 1. Following this, HMC's chief auditor Sujit Khan had sought a detailed explanation of the report from the plant superintendent of PWW, Ashish Sen.Asked about the clarification submitted on Tuesday, Jaiswal said, \"The report will be verified with due importance.\" The mayor had called a press meet on Saturday and denied the TOI report. On Tuesday, she was more in control and said, \"I won't comment without going through the report(the clarification submitted by the PWW plant superintendent).\" PWW caters to 10 lakh residents in wards 1 to 40, 42 and 44 and parts of 41. Jaiswal on Saturday had repeatedly urged the people of Howrah not to get panicked since the water provided by PWW was safe and tested regularly.Ever since the contents of the internal audit report came to light, there has been widespread reactions across HMC - both from the ruling CPI-M and the opposition Trinamool Congress . South Howrah MLA and councillor Brojo Mohan Majumdar said, \"We decided to submit a memorandum to the mayor seeking an explanation on the audit report's findings on the water. If there is a problem, we shall wait like a responsible opposition and give her some time. And then, we shall begin our agitation.\" Leader of the opposition Arun Roy Chowdhury said: \"We want the water to be tested before the mayor declares it unsafe.\"On Tuesday, Janata Dal (United) activists burnt an effigy of the mayor and demonstrated in front of the HMC entrance. Party leader Sadhan Talukdar said, \"We are worried about the water contamination. We demand that action be taken against the mayor immediately.\"They also submitted a memorandum before Howrah commissioner Ajey Ranade and DM Santanu Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17393779", "title": "Top guns in fray for PGTI finale", "text": "KOLKATA: As India's top golf tour makes its last stop, a grand finale where 63 pros will tee-off on Wednesday for PGTI's biggest purse ever, there are some who have flown in from faraway fairways to get back to where it all began for them.Jyoti Randhawa , Rahil Gangjee, Anirban Lahiri and SSP Chowrasia are top names that will feature in the Rs 1.25 crore McLeod Russel Tour Championship at RCGC in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17393998", "title": "FIR against father of 2-year-old girl who died of 'torture'", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have lodged an FIR against Dharavi resident Firdaus Sayyed (26) for abusing his two-year-old daughter that cost her life in August. Based on a report received from Sion Hospital, the police registered the FIR on November 20.Shahu Nagar police senior inspector N K Mehtar said an FIR has been registered against Sayyed under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC. \"The FIR was registered eight days ago based on the Sion hospital medical report which showed that the injuries on the girl's body were caused by a blunt object. We are collecting evidence before arresting Sayyed. We have seized his passport so that he will not be able to fly to Gulf, where he works to take up job,\" said Mehtar.In September, the girl's parents had undergone psychological tests at KEM Hospital. \"We are awaiting the report from KEM hospital and also the viscera test report from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL),\" said the officer. KEM Hospital doctors said they had found that Sayyed had battered the baby, but refused to divulge further until the report was submitted to the police. \"We will compile the psychiatric evaluation and submit it to the police on Wednesday,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of psychiatry department at KEM.Sion hospital informed the police after the girl, who allegedly succumbed to relentless torture by her parents.Sion Hospital claimed that though it had filed a medico-legal case last year, the police did little to help the girl. On August 3, the child's body was sent to Sion Hospital for post-mortem. When the hospital found that the body bore evidence of old, healed injuries, it realized that it had treated the same child even last year and that they had also lodged a medico-legal case then with the Shahu Nagar police.\"She was brought to us in March 2011 with cough, cold and fever. When doctors found that she had injuries on her body, the case was sent to the forensics department,\" said Dr Rajesh Dere from the forensics department. Diagnosing the girl with battered baby syndrome, the department alerted the police. \"MRI and CT scans confirmed the diagnosis. Her thigh bone was also fractured,\" said Dr Dere. The girl was discharged from there, but her case kept coming back to the hospital in the next one week.Since March 2011, the family never returned to Sion Hospital with the girl till August 3, 2012 when her body was sent there for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17395268", "title": "Rajasthan decides to grin and sloth bear it", "text": "JAIPUR: With loss of habitat and rising incidents of human-bear conflicts plaguing the sloth bear population in Rajasthan, the state government has drawn up an ambitious conservation plan for the nocturnal animal.During a recent survey conducted by the Wildlife Trust of India, the sloth bear population was found to be distributed in 14 districts of the state. The survey also found that the state was ill-equipped to protect the animal and had no management plan in place.Keeping this in mind, the state drew up a conservation plan for sloth bears which is part of the National Action Plan for conservation of bears released by Union forest and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan in Delhi during the 21st International Conference on Bear Research and Management (IBA 2012) on Monday.In the plan, the state has proposed a scientific study on the distribution, population, habitat and behavior of sloth bears here. The plan also talks of spreading awareness on bear conservation amongst local communities, managers, policy makers and the media.Sloth bears are found in 14 districts of the state including Chittorgarh, Kota, Bundi, Baran, Bhilwara, Sawai Madhopur, Sirohi, Jalore, Karauli, Dholpur, Pali, Ajmer, Rajsamand and Udaipur. However, the highest presence of bears is in Udaipur, Mt Abu and Sawai Madhopur.The state plan notes that though the bear population here does not face any threats of poaching or live trade of cubs, incidence of human-bear conflicts is on the rise, especially in Mt Abu and Jaswantpura, Sirohi.\"The first incident of retaliatory killing of one sloth bear was reported recently from Jaswantpura in Sirohi besides some encounters in Tonk, Kotam Baran, Pratapgarh and Dholpur,\" the plan says. Most conflicts occur in Mt Abu, Jaswantpura in Sirohi and Sunda Mata in Jalore, the plan says. In fact, Jalore saw the highest number of compensation claims in 2010.Habitat loss due to construction of highways and roads through forest areas has also been a major problem for bears. Roads through their habitats have led to bear casualties due to accidents.With these points as the backdrop, the state has proposed habitat management, protection, controlling human-bear conflict and spreading awareness for protecting the animal. \"We have proposed habitat restoration activities in the Aravalis and Vindhya hill ranges and for providing more manpower to the forest department for protection of the bears. Conflict with man can be controlled to a great extent if we make sure that there is ample food and water in bear habitats so that it need not come out. Paying quick and suitable compensation for injury or damages caused by bears can also help,\" said A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17397634", "title": "104 helpline service launch delayed to 2013", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh government's ambitious project of providing free medical advice for common ailments to patients through a 24X7 toll free call centre- 104, is facing delays and is now likely to roll out in 2013 against an earlier deadline of December.The project, on the lines of the one launched by the Maharashtra government last year, aims at curbing self-medication and dependence on quacks and witchcraft magic spells, especially in rural areas where quality health care for the common man still remain far-fetched. Under the project, trained physicians and paramedic staff at the call the centre would provide medical advice and prescribe off the shelf drugs for curing common ailments like flu, fever, sore throat and cold.People in the far flung areas of the state do not have access to doctors and have to travel quite a distance for dealing with small common ailments. With the state facing an acute shortage of doctors and paramedic staff, the service is bound to decrease pressure at hospitals and primary health care centres as the medical advice from the call centre would be more than sufficient.The service, as announced by the state health and family welfare minister, Amar Aggarwal, on Oct 18, was to start by December this year. The minister had also claimed that the tendering process had commenced and the service would be rolled out within the year.However, health officials admit to some delays on account of the lengthy tendering procedures. When contacted Director Health Services, Dr Kanvalpreet Singh, said the service would be launched within this financial year. He said, despite the \"slight\" delay, everything was in line and the service would hopefully be a roaring success like the departments Sanjivani Help Line 108.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395145", "title": "India shocks Polish director", "text": "PANAJI: Eminent Polish film and theatre director Lech Majewski, who is a member of the jury for the international competition section of the International Film Festival of India ( Iffi), was in a shock when he landed in India.\"The India I had in mind was entirely different from the India I saw. I thought India was a spiritual country. I became a poet after reading Rabindranath Tagore, when I was in college. But when I came here and saw the cultural expressions like cinema, I felt miserable. People in those films were behaving as if they have delirious convulsions,\" Lech Majewski told TOI.Majewski says the influence of tourism could be a major reason for the cultural decadence of India. \"The tourists, when they go to a different country, want to take their music, dance and other forms of art to their host country. But the loss India had to suffer has been severe. The influence of television could be another contributor for this decline. They bombard you with jazz music, and in the name of dancing, the people are seen behaving as if under the grip of a convulsive disease.\"Majewski, who had made the much-acclaimed film '\"The Mill and the Cross\" based on a painting by the 16th century Flemish painter Pieter Bruegel, says technological advancements were yet to translate into good films. \"Now, more people are entering the film-making field, because of the fall in production costs, and the micro-reality from distant parts of the world are getting captured by them. But most of those films are deficit in the poetry, mystery, magic and intangibles that the medium is capable of portraying powerfully. The films are only capturing the physical reality and not the spiritual, \" Majewski said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai/bhubaneswar", "code": "17396696", "title": "Students use proxy to make it to IIT", "text": "MUMBAI/BHUBANESWAR: At least two fake students had managed to get admission into IITs, including one at IIT Bhubaneswar, without passing the examination. Their modus operandi itself was so simple that the elite institutes must be quivering in embarrassment. While a boy got into IIT, Bhubaneswar (IITBBS), another girl had qualified for Indian School of Mines (ISM), Dhanbad.IITBBS registrar B K Ray said the 'fake' student was detected at the admission stage itself. \"Mismatch of photos with the available copy of the admit card drew suspicion. When we asked him to produce more proof to establish his identity during the admission in August he fled,\" Ray said. The candidate was a native of Bihar , he added.Apparently someone else had appeared the test for him. The examinees who had appeared for these candidates had used their own photographs in the admit cards while names and other details were that of the latter.The fact that two fake students were caught suggests that they might not be stray cases. There is every possibility that it's a well-organized racket, helping many others to sneak into the colleges through such dubious means.It's surprising that the premier institutes rely mainly on the admit cards to verify the identity of students at the time of enrolment. At a time when almost anything can be morphed or digitally altered, there is a need for a more foolproof method.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17395667", "title": "Bengal's starvation village back in focus", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Three days after TOI reported on the plight of Amlashole villager Malati Shabar, the Mamata Banerjee government sent officials to the poverty-stricken village with food.Malati is the daughter of Somay Shabar, who had died of starvation along with her sister Sombari in 2004. TOI had reported on Saturday that Malati was also in dire straits and fighting hunger pangs.The government on Tuesday ordered an inquiry into the matter.Food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick and West Midnapore district magistrate Surendra Gupta, who were given the responsibility of the probe, have promised food as well as a home for Malati.Belpahari BDO Sarboday Saha and sub-divisional food controller Swapan Tarafdar went to Malati's crumbling mud hut, but couldn't meet her as she had already left for work in Amjhorna, around 3km away.Speaking to the villagers, the BDO reportedly learnt that after Somay's death, the family was provided a home under a scheme to rehabilitate tribals. But problems cropped up after Malati's brother Buddu got married. Malati was driven out of the house and left on her own. She was pushed to the brink. Malati now stays in a ramshackle mud hut.\"I had gone to meet her but she had left for her work by then. I will submit my report to the district magistrate,\" Saha told TOI. The DM added: \"It appears she has been forced out of her home. As a temporary measure, we will try to convince her brother to provide shelter to Malati till we build a new home for her.\"Malati's absence was also a reason why Tarafdar could not handover 10-kg of rice to her on Tuesday. He left the rice with the local ration dealer and asked him to give it to Malati early Wednesday morning.The minister later told TOI: \"Malati's plight seems to be due to the bickering between siblings. But we'll try to help her. Another 10 kilos of rice will be given to her. Food will not be a problem for her.\"The 2004 hunger deaths had shocked the nation and shamed Bengal. A metalled road, a little improvement in water supply, irrigation and electricity have been added to Amlashole's list of 'development' since the deaths, but the misery of the common man continues. Even now, while the administration focuses on Malati, others suffer the same plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395195", "title": "A model code of conduct for school students in Mumbai and Pune", "text": "PUNE: Senior education experts and non-governmental organisations (NGO) in Pune and Mumbai are preparing a model code of conduct for school students. With teachers constantly complaining about student misbehaving in classrooms, the code is being designed taking into consideration some of the existing models in the US and European schools.The model will consist of what a school expects from students inside classrooms and out-of-school behaviour and punishment in case of violation of any of these rules. The group will be presenting the first draft of this model to state education minister Rajendra Darda and minister of state for education Fauzia Khan on November 28 in Mumbai at a high-level meeting of educationists.Vasant Kalpande, former chairman of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, who conceived this model with the help of other experts and organisations said, \"We have done quite a bit of research before finalizing the rules in the code of conduct. We have even studied what is followed in Europe and the US and what is the strategy they have developed to make sure students behave. Although, the situation in India and other countries is different, the research was only done to find out the punishments and levels of misbehaviour.\"Kalpande said that during their informal meetings with NGOs, teachers and experts, complaints kept pouring in about how students were arrogant while interacting with teachers, how they even go to the level of abusing and quarrelling with them and even get involved in fights with other students.\"Corporal punishments have been banned, in such a case teachers are helpless and have no option but to bear students' misbehaviour. The teachers can complain to the parents about the student's misbehaviour in class, but that does not help if the students are habitual offenders,\" Kalpande said.In the model prepared by Kalpande and his group, various types of misbehaviours that are commonly observed have been categorized into tolerable, highly intolerable and unacceptable misbehaviour. For example untidy uniforms, reporting late to school, and ignoring homework comes in the tolerable category where teachers can inform parents to take corrective measures.Those in the highly intolerable category include: irregular attendance, fights between students, eve-teasing among others. In such cases, parents can be called to school and they can be explained about the student's misbehaviour and be warned. They could also be taken to counselors, if needed.The third category, which is of the highest level, includes students carrying weapons to school which may prove harmful to other students, threatening teachers in person, abusing them on social networking sites among others.\"We are also taking opinion of the police on what could possibly be the punishment devised for students whose behaviour falls in the third category. It is a very sensitive issue and needs to be dealt with in a proper manner,\" Kalpande said.Reshma Nair, a school teacher said, \"Every student is given a hand book by our school which clearly states how students must behave in schools and what is expected of them. However, students tend to forget about it and they behave the way they want to. Sometimes, it becomes intolerable but we have to bear with them or at the most complain to the parents, but that does not always help. Hence, a code of conduct is of prime importance so that students know that they will be punished if they misbehave.\"Sudhir Kane, principal of a city school, said, \"When we go out on excursions, students tend to forget that they need to maintain discipline and it's difficult to control them then. This code of conduct will definitely help in such cases as well.\"Common complaintsUntidy uniformIrregular attendanceIgnoring homeworkReporting late to officeAbusing teachers and principals on social networking sitesThreatening teachersEve teasing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17397604", "title": "Foreign experts meet to plan Naya Raipur", "text": "RAIPUR: Professionals from 10 countries have gathered to put their architectural, urban planning, urban designing, sociology, transportation and art skills together and make proposals for the development of Naya Raipur, the new capital city of Chhattisgarh.Naya Raipur Development Authority (NRDA) and Les Ateliers, a French non-profit organization, have jointly organised a two-week-long urban planning workshop from November17 to 30 as part of an initiative supported by the European Union through ENTP (European New Town Platform) and a dedicated project - EAST (Euro-Asia Sustainable New Towns), and by the French Ministry of Sustainable Development. Several partners of the EAST project have gathered in Raipur together with ENTP and Les Ateliers including Basildon District Council (UK), Qingpu District (China) and The Euro-India Centre (India).Twenty one professionals from India, China, UK, France, Colombia, Italy, Spain, Germany, the Netherlands, USA, selected among more than 120 applicants, started brainstorming in three teams to make proposals for the development of Naya Raipur. They were asked to explore, test and propose ways in which the new, emerging city of Naya Raipur can better provide for the Indian way of life.The title of the workshop is \"exploring the thresholds, limits and in-between spaces\" which combines ideas to support NRDA in its quest to develop a city for everyone. The main issues the teams will explore are: mix of spaces, people and functions; public transport and urban density; space and water as social resources; positioning of the city.After a first presentation to local stakeholders on November 24th, their final work will be presented to a jury composed of international experts and local authorities, and chaired by N. Bajiendra Kumar, Chairman of NRDA and Principal Secretary of Housing and Environment. Pierre-Andre Perissol, Chairman of Les Ateliers, Mayor of Moulins (France) and President of the French Development Agency, and Tony Ball, Deputy President of ENTP and Counselor of Basildon Municipality (UK) will be the other members.After the presentations, an NRDA spokesman said, the jury members will accompany NRDA to identify the more relevant and original elements within the teams' proposals, so that this workshop can really be a milestone in the development of Naya Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396399", "title": "Big response to Ullal Beach Festival", "text": "MANGALORE: Ullal, on the outskirts of the city, in the past would have been in the news only for two major reasons - sea erosion or communal flare ups. At the first ever beach festival in Ullal two days ago, communities in the town showed that they are eager to rid of ignominy attached to the place through their overwhelming response to the event.The Ullal Beach Festival was organized by Maruthi Yuvaka Mandala (MYM), Mogaveerapatna, Ullal to commemorate its silver jubilee celebrations. Bharath Kumar, chairman, of the organizing committee said, \"The response to the event was overwhelming with more than two lakh people in attendance. Over 60 % of the crowd which came to witness the beach fest was Muslims. It emphasizes that this type of festivals are essential to create a feeling of amity in a trouble torn area like Ullal.\"MYM has had presidents from all communities. While Nissar Ahmed headed MYM eight years ago, Prakash D'Souza was on the helm of affairs of the mandala four years ago.Mangalore MLA U T Khader said the attendance showed that people were bonding in an atmosphere that is sans fear. Regarding the alleged `sermon against the fest' Khader said, \"The mukri had advised people to be careful, especially while venturing near the sea. It may have been misconstrued by people to suit their own interests.The fact that Muslims had come out in large numbers for the fest demonstrated that no such direction was issued.\"Farooq Ullal from Ullal said, \"Two days prior to the event, the Ullal Dargah administrative committee president U S Hamza, had urged people from all communities to support the event.\"A dargah member said, \"No such sermon was issued after Friday prayers. Why would the Dargah give its premises for putting up stalls free of cost and then issue such directions?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17394560", "title": "Lower cut off marks in prelims merit list: Haryana Public Service Commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC) on Tuesday suggested reducing the cut off marks in the merit list of preliminary examination of Haryana Civil Service (Executive).If the suggestion is accepted, those who have secured 132.06 marks (general category) in the preliminary exams would also be allowed to appear for the mains. Earlier, the cut off marks were 134 (general category).Similarly, the revised cut off in Scheduled Caste category is 116.33, which was 120 earlier. In the Backward Caste category, the cap has been fixed at 130.08 marks, from 133 earlier; in ex-servicemen category, the suggested cut off is 109.48, down from 113; in physically handicapped category, the revised mark is 121.44, against 125 earlier.A formal statement suggesting the reduced cut off was given by the HPSC on Tuesday before the Punjab and Haryana high court in response to a matter pending on the issue. Commission has taken this decision after it was asked by the HC to give suggestions.After placing the suggestions on record, HC has slated the case for hearing on Thursday.The matter had reached the HC after some petitioners challenged the action of granting marks to candidates against wrong questions in the preliminary examination of HCS-2011 held on March 25 this year and declaring the result announced on May 5 as illegal. The petitioners were against the commission's decision to give grace marks for wrong answers in the booklet of general studies (compulsory paper) and some optional papers.Seeking quashing of commission's decision, the petitioners had submitted that the HCS (Executive Branch) Rules 2008, has no provisions for grace marks for wrong questions if found in papers/booklets of the preliminary/main examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17397862", "title": "Facebook row: Shiv Sena observes bandh in Palghar over suspension of cops", "text": "THANE: A bandh was observed in Palghar town in adjoining Thane district on Wednesday following a call by Shiv Sena against suspension of two senior police officers in connection with the arrest of two girls over a Facebook post, criticising shutdown during Bal Thackeray's funeral.Commercial establishments, schools and colleges at Palghar remained shut and there was no vehicular traffic in the town, party sources said.No untoward incident was reported so far, police said. The Palghar Bar Association had also called for a bandh in the courts today to protest the transfer of the local Judicial Magistrate First Class (JFMC) who had \"promptly\" granted bail to the two girls.The girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21, were arrested after Dhada had lamented in a Facebook post the November 18 shutdown due to Thackeray's funeral. Shrinivasan had 'liked' the post.Though Dhada didn't name Thackeray, the local Sena leader complained against the girls and police arrested the duo on November 19, sparking an outrage.On November 20, police arrested the vandals who had damaged Shaheen's uncle's hospital on November 18, despite her removing the post and apologising that day itself.Maharashtra government had yesterday suspended the two police officers, SP (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar and senior police inspector Shrikant Pingle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395807", "title": "Unhappy with Kolkata Municipal Corporation, Mamata rejigs key depts", "text": "KOLKATA: Angered by the trident light controversy and slow pace of civic work, chief minister summoned mayor Sovan Chatterjee to Writers' Buildings on Tuesday and virtually put the entire KMC brass on notice. The CM ordered a mini-reshuffle in the civic body during a stock-taking meeting and warned of an overhaul in the near future if performance did not improve.Mayor-in-council Tarak Singh, who supplied trident poles made at KMC's Entally workshop to various municipalities at almost half the price quoted in the KMC tender, was stripped of his charge and transferred to slum development. Singh had supplied the poles, along with light fittings, at Rs 9,600 each when mayor Sovan Chatterjee allowed tenders quoting rates as high as Rs 17,690. Singh's transfer comes at a time when the government's audit department is probing the irregularities in the trident pole rates. Samsuzzaman Ansari. member, mayor-in-council (MMiC), has been given charge of the Entally workshop and ground water.The other big change came in the form of mayor-in-council Debabrata Majumdar, who steered the city's switch to unit area-based property assessment in a bid to do away with inspector raj, losing the assessment department.It was a surprise move as Majumdar, a chartered accountant, was given additional charge of the department after the mayor seemed to be dragging his feet on taking action against top tax defaulters. While Chatterjee was given charge of the department again, the crucial roads and engineering department was taken away from him and given to MMiC Atin Ghosh, who oversees health.Mamata asked the mayor to tap alternative sources of revenue collection, stressing that revenue mop-up was top priority as the funding of key civic projects in the city depended on it.After the meeting, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed said the civic body would go crack down on habitual property tax defaulters and issue warrants according to KMC rules if necessary. \"If they don't pay even after getting the warrant, we will attach their properties and auction those to realize our money,\" Ahmed said. According to official estimates, 301 defaulters owe the civic body Rs 900 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394091", "title": "Case under dowry act against IAS probationer", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police have registered a case under sections of dowry act against an IAS officer on probation. A complaint in this regard has been registered in the Habibganj police station on Tuesday on a complaint by the wife of a senior IPS officer.Additional director general of police (ADG), Swarn Singh's wife has complained that the marriage of their daughter was fixed with Harjinder Singh, an IAS probationer, who is posted in Hoshangabad district.In her complaint the complainant said that they had given a car and other valuables to the accused during the engagement. But when the relationship could not materialize, allegedly due to dowry demand from the groom's family and a complaint was lodged with the police. The senior police officials confirmed the incident but refrained from coming on the record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394559", "title": "Failed to curb crimes in Nagpur, admits outgoing CP Ankush Dhanvijay", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, on Tuesday, admitted that he had failed to rein in serious crimes such as chain snatching, burglary and murders during his two-year tenure here.Dhanvijay, who is retiring on November 30, termed his posting in Nagpur as a tricky one and clarified that apart from policing, the police personnel in the city remained on toes for various bundobusts.In a candid interaction with the mediapersons, the commissioner of police, however, said that he had initiated several innovative measures to check crimes and also enforce traffic regulations.However, data on the number of crimes that are taking place in the city shows that Dhanvijay miserably fell short in making necessary efforts. In 2012 (till November 25), police has registered 6,422 cases. In corresponding period last year, the figure was 5,886. Dhanvijay, however, attributed this rise in numbers to the way city was growing.In 2011, the city witnessed 597 burglary and this year till November the figure is 769.Similarly, chain snatching cases too have increased manifold. Against 150 cases reported in 2011, this year the city police registered 221 chain snatching cases.Dhanvijay said that Subhash Sahu murder case was a very challenging one and rued that it couldn't be cracked. The CP had won accolades for solving Monika Kirnapure and Yash Kataria murder cases. However, he said that both the cases made him very sad.MOCCA, MPDAApart from round-the-clock nakabandi, the outgoing CP claimed that Nagpur police might be the only one to impose Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MOCCA) on chain snatchers. He added that even traders who had purchased these stolen ornaments were booked under MOCCA.\"Similarly, we externed 98 notorious city goons from the district and also initiated action against dreaded criminals under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA). As many as 14 goons were booked under MPDA, while 24 proposals are pending with the government,\" Dhanvijay claimed.Regular raids were held at brothels functioning under the guise of beauty parlours. Five such places in the city have been sealed in last one year, he said.Lack of manpower40 of the sanctioned posts of 120 police inspectors are lying vacant. Despite these odds, the city police did a commendable job to maintain law and order in the city, added Dhanvijay.Pathak to replace DhanvijayKaushal Pathak, a 1983 batch IPS officer, will be the new Police Commissioner of Nagpur replacing Ankush Dhanvijay, who is retiring on Friday.Pathak, who is presently additional DGP (administration), will take over the reign of Nagpur CP on December 1. He has been posted at various places across Maharashtra in different capacities including ASP Akola, Special IGP CID (crime), Special IGP (Konkan and Kolhapur ranges) and commissioner of police of New Mumbai.His tenure as ADGP (administration) was also appreciated after he initiated major welfare projects for police personnel and their families including introduction of cashless health scheme and canteen stores. Dhanvijay too had worked with Pathak in Akola as ASP (additional SP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17394957", "title": "Wine makers want exemption from octroi", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik District Industries and Exporters' Association (NDIEA) has sought exemption from octroi from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The NDIEA has demanded exemption on the grounds that the seven percent octroi being charged at present is too much and Nashik being the wine capital of the country, the exemption should be considered for promoting the industry.The association has pointed out that most of the wine manufacturers in Nashik district have their industries outside Nashik city, beyond NMC limits, and have to pay the octroi for transporting their products to the city.\"The octroi charged for wineries is seven percent. If the new proposal for the local body tax (LBT) is implemented, then too wineries will be charged the same. For grains and vegetables there is no octroi because they are agricultural produce. Grapevine is an agro-processing industry. The grapes grown by farmers are used for making wine, so we are demanding that wineries be exempted from octroi. Nashik is the wine capital of the country, and hence an exemption from octroi will also promote the industry,\" said Ramesh Pawar, President of NDIEA, while speaking to TOI.On how this scheme would benefit the farmers, he said that the exemption would increase the profit margin of the wine manufacturers which would naturally benefit the farmers. \"Moreover, majority of the grape farmers manufacture wine in Nashik,\" he said.Haribhau Phadol, NMC's deputy municipal commissioner (Octroi), said that a minimum of one percent and a maximum of eight percent octroi is charged for spirit and alcoholic products. \"Since it is not a life saving or agricultural produce, octroi is being charged. But now the wine manufacturers are demanding an exemption claiming that it will help the farmers, we will think of considering their demands. But there is a procedure to be followed, so we will present a proposal before the general body regarding this,\" he said.He said that the proposal is likely to be tabled in the next general body meeting of the NMC.Incidentally, of the total 92 wineries in the country, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, 5 in Solapur, 4 in Usmanabad, 3 in Buldhana and one in Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17396199", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram's new waste plan is a US reject", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The gasification technology, which will be used in the proposed modern waste treatment plant at Chalai was tried and abandoned in the US three decades ago, according to a study report. Interestingly, the report has been published by a US-based environmental organization, the Blue Ridge Environmental Defense League.The exhaustive report lists out in details the harmful effects of gasification and incineration. \"Gasification of municipal solid waste, household garbage and commercial waste products was used in the United States in the 1970s, but those plants were closed because of operating and financial problems. Today, there are only a handful of pyrolysis units burning municipal solid waste,\" the report said.Three days ago, the government formally reached an agreement with Loro group, which claims to be a US-based company, to set up a 35-tonne waste treatment plant at Chalai. The modern plant uses gasification technology to convert waste into electricity. Urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali has claimed that the plant, to be set up at a cost of Rs 65 crore, would generate 3.2 MW electricity daily.As per the report, both incineration and gasification are extremely hazardous ways of processing waste. \"Gasification facilities produce gas -- primarily carbon monoxide and hydrogen plus hydrocarbon oils, char and ash. The ash which remains after gasification, 8% to 15% of the original volume, is toxic and presents special problems because of the acidic, or low pH, conditions in landfills. Leaching of toxic metals cadmium, lead, and mercury occurs more rapidly at low pH, resulting in contaminated groundwater,\" the report explains.The proposed plant was introduced as an alternative for the Vilappilsala waste treatment plant and was touted as an emulation of waste processing technologies followed in advanced countries like US. However, the report reveals that although some gasification facilities have been designed and constructed in the past two decades in US, most have been demonstration and laboratory-scale systems.\"A few large-scale demonstration plants in the US experienced technological problems and are no longer operating. In 2006, the US environmental protection agency's office of air and radiation selected a solid waste gasification project for research and development, but the project has not moved forward. There are currently no commercial scale solid waste gasification systems operating in the United States,\" the report says.It also says that incineration of solid waste is a technology which is being phased out across the US. \"Since 1985, over 280 incinerator proposals have either been defeated outright or put on hold. Unreliability, economics, environmental concerns, and citizen opposition have forced municipal officials to find new methods of managing solid waste,\" says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17396087", "title": "Post-2014 mission only at the invitation of Afghan government: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Any American mission in Afghanistan or presence of troops there would be only at the invitation of the Afghan government and a possible post-2014 presence would be aimed at training its forces and targeting the remnants of al-Qaida , the Pentagon has said.\"Any post-2014 mission would obviously be at the invitation of the Afghan government. We have full respect for Afghan sovereignty. I think we've said that a prospective, a possible post-2014 presence would be aimed at training Afghan forces and targeting the remnants of al-Qaida,\" the Pentagon press secretary George Little told reporters at a news conference yesterday.Responding to questions from Pentagon reporters, Little acknowledged that the Haqqani network - a Pakistan-based terrorist outfit would also figure in the review.\"The Haqqanis are a group that are suffering significant losses. They pose a threat to ISAF forces in Afghanistan today. What Haqqani-related decisions are in a post-2014 Afghanistan, I can't say on this day in November 2012. I think it's a logical question that would be surfaced (in the review),\" he said.Early this morning , Panetta held a teleconference with General John Allen , Commander of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan, and reviewed the progress in the war against terrorism in the country. Little said that there has been remarkable progress in Afghanistan.\"If you look at the markers of progress in Afghanistan, you look at the number of Afghans who are now living in areas under Afghan security lead. That's one metric. Violence levels are down. And let me just point out a recent poll that was conducted by the Asia Foundation. We welcome the results of this comprehensive opinion poll,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396804", "title": "Puri shrine security beefed up for festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Jagannath temple witnessing stampedes during crowded festivals in the past, the Puri administration is on its toes for smooth conduct of Kartika Purnima on Wednesday. Since the day draws curtains on the holy Kartika month, pilgrims in large numbers are expected to throng the 12th century shrine to take blessings of Jagannath.Police IG (central range) Arun Ray and Jagannath temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee on Tuesday took stock of the arrangements at the temple. \"Pilgrims will be requested to enter the temple in queues. Proper checking would be carried out at the entrance,\" Ray said. \"We have also deployed adequate security guards inside the temple to streamline the crowd,\" Ray added. Cops have been asked to remain more alert during the mangala aarti early in the morning as the temple will witness heavy rush during the time.Sources said around 400 constables, 50 home guards, a deputy commandant, four DSPs and assistant commandants, nine inspectors and 35 sub-inspectors have been assigned duties at the temple.The shrine body has sought the cooperation of priests for timely completion of rituals. \"We will also ensure that the pilgrims get abhada (mahaprasad) in time,\" Padhee stated.Four pilgrims were killed in a stampede towards the end of Kartika month inside the temple on November 4, 2006. The mishap occurred when a teeming crowd surged forward to catch a glimpse of the deities as soon as the sanctum sanctorum door was opened. In 1993, six people were trampled to death in the shrine when Nagarjuna Besha ritual was going on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395912", "title": "Govt to pay compensation for Malayali who died abroad", "text": "KOCHI: Accepting Kerala high court's ruling that government is liable to pay compensation for citizens dying abroad, state government on Tuesday informed the court that it would pay compensation for a Malayali, Wilfred D'Cruz, who died in a bomb blast in Saudi Arabia in 1985.A compensation of Rs 1 lakh for Wilfred D'Cruz, would be paid from chief minister's relief fund and the funds would be released after obtaining approval in the next cabinet meeting, the government has informed the court.The state government made the submission while justice B P Ray was considering a petition seeking compensation by Margaret D'Cruz, wife of Wilfred.On November 5, the court had ruled that not only Central government but state government was also liable to pay compensation. State government has the responsibility to resolve complaints filed by dependents of those who die abroad, justice BP Ray had held.Additional solicitor general G Masilamani, who appeared in the case on Tuesday, submitted that he has placed the matter of compensation before the ministry of overseas affairs for approval.\"The decision by the ministry is expected within ten days,\" he informed the court. It was on December 7 last year that the court ruled that Union government was liable to pay compensation for Indians dying abroad if the government of the country where citizens die were not willing to provide compensation.Later on, the central government had informed the court that it was ready to pay compensation if Saudi government fails to do that. Appearing for the petitioner, advocate A X Varghese had sought an order to the Union government to raise a compensation claim at the International Court of Justice as Saudi government had declined to pay.In declining compensation, Saudi government had cited failure to nab the terrorists behind the blast that killed Wilfred. As Saudi law prescribes that blood money has to be paid by perpetrators of the crime, Margaret didn't get any compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395617", "title": "Fugitive Bangladeshi don nabbed in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Subrata Bayen, a wanted Bangladeshi criminal who was on the run after breaking out of a Nepal prison, has been arrested from a hideout in Bowbazar by the Special Task Force.He is the main accused in the grenade attack on an Awami League rally in Dhaka in 2004, where 24 people died.\"A country-made gun, ammunition and fake Indian currency of Rs 11 lakh were recovered from his possession,\" said police commissioner R K Pachnanada. Sources, however, hinted that Bayen was picked up from Haroa area of North 24-Paraganas.Bayen, who hails from Bangladesh's Barishal district, stepped into the underworld as a teenager. By his mid-twenties, he had turned into one of the most dreaded names in Bangladesh. There was an Interpol red corner notice for him.During the interim government in Bangladesh, several gangsters like Bayen fled across the border. Some took shelter in West Bengal. Sources hinted that some Indian agencies provided shelter to Bayen and a few other fugitives.In 2007, the state CID started a crackdown against Bangladeshi dons camping in Bengal. They arrested nearly a dozen of them, including dreaded criminals like Tanvirul Islam Joy and Harris Ahmed Harris. \"The Bangladesh government had put pressure on India to arrest them,\" said an officer.Some of these arrested criminals were handed over to Bangladesh but most got out on bail as the CID did not submit chargesheet on time. Sources say STF and CID used these Bangladeshi dons to explore the fake currency rackets operating from across the border and these criminals are believed to have helped Indian police track down several HuJI sleeper cells.In 2008, STF arrested Bayen from Karaya, central Kolkata. But like Joy and Harris, he was also released after a few months and fled to Nepal. An STF team followed him there and nabbed him but they were all detained by the Nepal authorities for 'intrusion'. The STF officers were released but Bayen was locked up in Sunsari jail in Nepal.On November 9, he and 11 other prisoners escaped by digging a 70-foot-long tunnel. He did not want to return to Bangladesh, though. Sources say he was trying to flee to Europe or Canada where several other gangsters are already hiding. Joy is now in Canada and Harris is reportedly in Italy. Bayen was probably betrayed by his contact man, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397064", "title": "Cap takes toll on school attendance", "text": "RANCHI: The cap on LPG cylinder and its subsequent price hike has badly hit poor students in government schools in the state as the institutions have drastically cut down on the menu of midday meals (MDM). A school which used to spend Rs 3,000 on midday meals before the cap on cooking gas was announced by the Centre in September is now spending Rs 10,000 on this account.As the state government has not hiked the MDM budget and still spends Rs 4 on an average for feeding a student per day, the schools have been forced to compromise with the quality of food. In some places, the attendance of primary section has been hit because of poor quality of food.Government Middle School headmaster Siddheshwar Prasad said, \"We are forced to compromise with the quality of food. A major part of MDM budget is spent on cooking gas.\" The school needs eight LPG cylinders every month. Before September, Prasad used to buy a gas cylinder for Rs 430. Now he has to buy a cylinder (commercial in exempted category) for Rs 1,260.A Class VII student of the school said, \"The rice is full of gravel and the cooks mix a little bit of vegetables in the pulse itself.\" During a visit, TOI found the students eating only rice and pulse at the school. It has been several weeks since 410 students of the school had a meal full of rice, vegetable and pulse, , said students. Santosh Kumar, headmaster of Government Middle School Morhabadi, is also feeling the crunch. \"Students are unhappy with the development. They no longer have the same interest in MDM as earlier,\" said Kumar. Kumar's claim is justified because the school no longer serves eggs, pickles, fruits or a variety of vegetables. \"The authorities have even compromised with the quality of rice. The cooked rice looks pale in colour with a lot of rotten rice in it,\" said a teacher.The Jharkhand government provides Rs 3.33 for feeding a student below Class VI. The amount increases to Rs 4.99 for a student from Classes VI to VIII. The schools make a claim of their MDM expenditure every month according to the number of present students and submit the claims to the education department. All the schools have MDM menu for the week displayed on a board on its premises. Authorities say they are not able to feed the students according to the prescribed menu because of the cooking gas price hike.The LPG price hike has hit attendance at schools also. \"Young students (from Classes I to IV) are attracted by the meals provided in the schools. As the food is poor, a few of them have stopped coming,\" said Bindu Barla, the headmistress of Government Middle School Booty More. State primary education joint secretary-cum-director Mamta said, \"The Union HRD secretary has already been intimated about the problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394852", "title": "Vilas Muttemwar seeks better sewage system", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar has raised the urgent need of upgrading sewage and sanitary system in the city. He took up the matter under Section 377 in Lok Sabha on Tuesday.Raising an important problem of the city, the MP said that existing wastewater management system is under severe stress as it is not designed for the growing population. In last couple of decades the city has seen huge influx of people from rural areas and the sewage system is unable to cope with it.In addition, there is the serious issue of waste water and industrial effluents flowing into Nag Nadi and Pili Nadi that flow through the city and deposit the waste in Gosikhurd over the Wainganga river. The project built at a cost of thousands of crores now faces serious threat of contamination.Pointing out that the high court is seized of the matter and has instructed the local authorities to take corrective measures, Muttemwar lamented that no such remedial steps have been taken.He stated that under Jawharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission there is scope for upgrading the city's wastewater management system. This is needed urgently to stop further pollution of the rivers in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396110", "title": "Constables in Gujarat: Findings and suggestions", "text": "Role in societyThe Indian police system is a vestige of the British Raj that saw police as a tool for suppression. Even after the Independence, we have adhered to the model and have not looked into other aspects of policing apart from the maintenance of law and order. It has resulted in a gap between police and public, as citizens at large associate the image of police with corruption, extortion, arrogance, brutality and links with anti-social elements. Common people are afraid of a policeman and are generally hesitant to file an FIR because of the fear that they will be mistreated. Indeed, only 60 per cent of the respondents said that they felt part of the environment they operated in.Police-public relationsOne-third of the constables interviewed were found losing their cool while dealing with the public. The situation is slightly better with the younger crop. Lok Darbars or public gatherings are planned at regular intervals by SP-level officers but the success of the venture has been middling as the intimidators are present as social workers. However, 71 per cent of the respondents said that they maintained excellent public relations.Human rightsThe research finds the work of the state human rights commission satisfactory. However, foul language and custodial torture are not unheard of. Constables attributed the phenomenon to stressful conditions and the pressure to show results. It was also found by the researcher that policemen are more afraid of media than the superiors who force them to maintain the rights. Cases related to fake encounters and the subsequent media coverage is an example. Of the respondents, 71 per cent said that human rights of the accused are not violated.Housing facilityAt the time of the study, 76 per cent of the constables in the state were provided with housing. However, a visit to the old police lines showed that quarters are allotted to more than one constable. Moreover, space is not enough for a family to live in. While the new quarters are better constructed, maintenance is a major problem and overall, constables are not satisfied with the facilities.EducationMore than 50 per cent of the constables have studied up to class XII. Many left college after getting the job. Most of the respondents said that their pay was not enough for them to get their children admitted to good schools. Thus, most of policemen's children study in government schools. Many attributed this factor as the reason for resorting to corruption or trying to find a plum posting that can help them build powerful contacts. The researcher also found some cases in which constables' kin went abroad for studies.Women in khakiMost of the women constables joined in the last decade as part of the reservation policy. While the constables are posted in almost all major police stations, their role is limited to cases related to harassment of women or dowry complaints that come to women police stations. These stations are also short-staffed and often lack basic facilities such as vehicles due to which personnel travel in autos and private vehicles on official duty. Moreover, there are no separate restroom facilities at most places. The biggest problem as described by the respondents was the behaviour of male colleagues who don't shy away from mouthing expletives and derogatory language in their presence.HealthcareMost of the respondents were prone to health problems such as hypertension, diabetes , depression and hyperacidity. Traffic constables are susceptible to respiratory diseases due to their intake of fumes and pollutants on city roads. There is only one police welfare hospital in Gujarat, in Ahmedabad, and even that doesn't have staff or full-fledged infrastructure. There is no regular follow-up of the annual medical camps organized by various city and district police units.Working conditionsOn an average, a constable works for 12 to 15 hours. The constables do not get leaves and instead get pay to work, on public holidays, and seven days a week. However, the payments are not regular and sometimes there are arrears for two to three. As there is no separate bandobast or protocol police, and the regular police force gets stretched to the limit and is not able to concentrate on investigations. Moreover, many police stations are not up to the mark despite the fact that the state police housing corporation has started the modernization drive.Postings and transfersThere are some slots in the district police and city police that are considered to be lucrative - crime branch, local crime branch, special operations group, RR cell and traffic branch, due to the money or other benefits the personnel can get. The researcher found that more often than not, the same persons go from one plush posting to another and some even remain in the same agency for a period of seven to 10 years compared to the norm of three years.Orderly system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395425", "title": "Rs 8.21 crore grant for Gomtinagar railway station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has decided to develop Gomtinagar railway station as a three-line 'passing-through' station, and all the major trains going towards Gorakhpur will pass through Gomtinagar. The residents of Lucknow, therefore, will get another boarding point for trains other than Charbagh. KK Srivastava, member traffic, Railway Board on Monday discussed the development of Gomtinagar station as a 'passing-through' station with the officials of Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway (NER).The Railway board has sanctioned Rs 8.21 crore for the development of Gomtinagar station. While Rs 4 crore has been sanctioned this year, the remaining amount will be sanctioned next year. The work at the station will start next month. And, it will be made ready for operation of trains by December 2013. \"We will be able to give more stoppages to trains passing through our division,\" said VK Yadav, DRM, NER, Lucknow.Gomtinagar station always functioned as a halt station, though it never qualified as a halt, given its infrastructure. It has two fully constructed platforms, a building providing computerised reservation, an under-constructed additional track, railway quarters and a well-constructed approach road. On the contrary, a halt, as per the rule book, should have a few benches, shady trees, one or two water points and a single agent to sell tickets. The cost for the construction of a halt does not even remotely touch the Rs one-crore mark.The station was built out of an initial investment of Rs 42 crore, what followed later was pittance.The station has been hit hard by the changing governments at the Centre. It was announced to be developed as a terminal station in 2003 by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, though the successive governments never let it happen for the sprawling station. The funds to the station were also frozen. But, now things might improve for it.Apart from discussing the development of Gomtinagar station, the member traffic also had detailed discussions about the ongoing projects at the division, and apart from giving directions towards timely completion of projects, also sought opinions from the officers. The timely operation of new trains and extension of existing ones, augmentation of extra coaches, cleanliness of trains and stations, security, cabway facilities, doubling of railway sections, electrification of routes and development of model and 'adarsh' stations was also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17395747", "title": "HP investor sues over losses from alleged autonomy fraud", "text": "Hewlett-Packard Co. was sued by an investor over a $8.8 billion writedown that the company said was partly related to falsified finances at Autonomy Corp, the British software maker it bought last year.The shareholder, in a complaint filed on Monday federal court in San Francisco , alleges that Hewlett-Packard issued false and misleading statements. The company concealed that it had gained control of Autonomy based on financial statements that were unreliable because of accounting manipulation, according to the complaint. Hewlett-Packard CEO Meg Whitman and the company's former CEO, Leo Apotheker, are named as defendants, along with CFO Catherine Lesjak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17396576", "title": "4 Tibetans set themselves on fire, 3 die", "text": "BEIJING: The number of self-immolation cases by protesting Tibetans has reached a record level of 21 in the month of November with four more people setting themselves on fire since Sunday. Three of them have died.Overseas human rights groups said the suicidal moves were accompanied by protests by students in a medical college in Qinghai in northwest China indicating that the unrest, which initially begun with monks, is spreading among students. The total number of self-immolation cases in Tibetan speaking areas of Tibet, Sichuan , Gansu and Qinghai provinces has risen to 80.The Tibetan governmentin-exile in Dharmashala reported that a former monk called Wangyal lighted himself up Serthar, in Sichuan.Another report said that a Tibetan nun had set herself on fire in Malho, in the monastery town of Rebkong, or Tongren in Chinese, in Qinghai province. The third case involved an 18-year-old named Kunchok Tsering who died on Monday in Amchok, close to the famous Labrang monastery in Gansu province, sources in Dharamsala said.The incidents came after from a top Communist Party official in Sichuan, called for strengthening supervision of monasteries and \"fighting separatism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17397040", "title": "Viral cases on the rise", "text": "RANCHI: With the onset of winter, cases of dengue have declined but the number of viral cases has increased. Doctors said patients coming with cases of fever, cough and pneumonia have doubled these days in comparison to the summer season's viral cases.Cases of people suffering from respiratory problems like breathlessness and cold are now frequenting the hospitals. \"The viral and cases of breathlessness increases due to change in temperature. Earlier where only five patients used to come with such problems now 25 such people are visiting the hospitals on a regular basis with complaints of breathlessness, cough and cold,\" said the associate professor, Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences( RIMS), Vidyapati.The chances of heart attack and brain haemorrhage also increases during the winters. \"Patients who suffer from cardiac problems should from time to time have their r blood pressure checked. If an emergency situation arises the patient should consult the doctor or visit the hospital as soon as possible,\" said Vidyapati.Doctors say that as far as possible people should avoid moving out late in the night and try to protect themselves from the chill. People need to cover themselves every time and need to avoid eating cold things like ice creams or smoothies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395684", "title": "Techie blinded in acid attack after turning down stalker", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old BTech graduate has been blinded and is battling for life in a city hospital after a construction worker whose overtures she rejected threw acid at her face.Police said J Vinodhini, who works for Just Dial in Saidapet, Chennai, was admitted to Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH), where doctors said she suffered 40% burn injuries. Her condition is serious but stable but she has been left with severe burns to the head, chest, hands and stomach after the attack in Karaikal, near Puducherry, on November 14.Karaikal police arrested Suresh, 29, and charged him with attempted murder, under Section 307 of the IPC.Investigators said Vinodhini displayed extraordinary courage when Suresh attacked her, retaliating by spitting some of the acid back at her assailant. Suresh suffered minor burns, but nothing compared to Vinodhini's grievous injuries. Doctors said she has lost vision in both eyes.\"We cannot make an accurate prognosis immediately, but she is likely to require surgery for full facial reconstruction once she recovers,\" burns ward chief Dr V Jayaraman said. Vinodhini was admitted to a private hospital in Karaikal after the acid attack and later shifted to Chennai for further treatment. Doctors said they will have to monitor her carefully as she could develop septicemia. \"The extent of the burns are severe. We are taking precautions to ensure she does not get any infection,\" Dr Jayaraman said.An investigating officer said Suresh attacked Vinodhini in public, as she was walking with a friend in Karaikal at 10.30pm on November 14. The officer said he was obsessed with her. During interrogation, Suresh told the police he had decided to take revenge on her because she had lodged a police complaint against him.\"Her family complained to police because he had been stalking her and had threatened her several times after she turned him down,\" the officer said.Vinodhini's father, Jayapaul, pacing the corridors in KMCH, is distraught at his daughter's injuries. \"I want my daughter back,\" he said, tears rolling down his cheeks. \"She cannot open her eyes. The doctors will not allow us to see her; they asked us to wait until the injuries on her face heal.\" Vinodhini is the only daughter of Jayapaul and Saraswathi.Jayapaul, who works as a security guard at a private company in Karaikal, has been at KMCH, taking care of Vinodhini, since November 15. Vinodhini's uncle M Ramesh, a tailor from Ayanavaram, said, \"Police should reveal the identity of criminals like Suresh so people know what they did. We don't know for how long Vinodhini will have to remain in hospital.\"Vinodhini's father said she stayed in a hostel for working women in Saidapet. \"When she visited Karaikal for Diwali, she complained to us about Suresh, but we did not think he would do her any harm as he is from Thiruvettakudi village, near Karaikal, and we know him through a common friend,\" he said. \"When he started threatening her, we lodged a complaint with the Karaikal police.\" Police officers questioned Suresh and told him to stay away from Vinodhini. Suresh, a concrete-mixing operator in a construction company, appears to have felt insulted by Vinodhini rejecting him and devised a plan to spoil her life, a police officer said.Doctors at the hospital said they rarely have to treat patients for acid attacks. \"Acid attacks and injuries are very rare in Chennai,\" Dr Jayaraman said.'Perpetrator should be imprisoned till death'As 23-year-old Vinodhini lies in hospital withering in pain, women welfare activists across the state were seething. Some activists and women's rights advocates demanded that such crime be considered more serious than attempt to murder. All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) national president U Vasuki said her organisation would conduct a series of campaigns in support of Vinodhini and help her get free treatment, including surgeries. \"More than anything else, we would insist that the man who cause this be imprisoned till death. We wouldn't mind this being considered as a rarest of rare crimes. But such criminals should live to regret and not be allowed to die,\" she said.Though throwing acid on women is a rare phenomenon and hasn't been seen for long in the state, there have been isolated such incidents in rural areas, said former state women's commission chairperson Sarguna Pandian. In 2011, there were nearly 7,000 crime against women. \"All crimes aren't the same. And they cant be treated the same way. throwing acid for instance is gruesome and the state government needs to take measures to send out a strong message to people so that such crimes aren't repeated,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395172", "title": "Will officially intimate Khandeparkar in 2-3 days: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that in the next two to three days official communication will be sent to justice R M S Khandeparkar about the committee been notified.Speaking to TOI Parrikar said the secretary and director of the mines department are preparing the data sought by the Supreme Court's central empowered committee and the Shah commission which is the reason for the delay in communication with Justice Khandeparkar.\"We have to meet Justice Khandeparkar to discuss remuneration,\" the chief minister said. The mines department will submit the data to the CEC today, he added. Justice Khandeparkar had on Monday said he read the news in the papers about the committee being notified but had not received any formal communication from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17396276", "title": "Close the landfills, open our eyes", "text": "Are landfills an important tool in the city's management of solid waste? This question seems to be lingering in the air, as the court hearings on the city's worsening garbage scenario continue. It's important to answer this question once and for all, so that we can move on to the solution purposefully.First, let us understand that when we say 'landfill' we almost always also mean 'landfills in someone else's neighbourhood'. No community would voluntarily come forward to accept a landfill amid their homes and workplaces. This is not just true in Bangalore, it's equally true in the villages around the city too.Therefore, we must have a uniform view about landfills. We cannot advocate one thing for ourselves and another thing for others.Second, landfills are extraordinarily complex things to build and maintain. The things we bury have an unfortunate tendency to resurface over time, because the ground beneath our feet is porous in many ways, and small particles and organisms from the buried stuff do eventually leak out of the landfills. This usually causes extreme health hazards to those who live around them.Moreover, in Mandur and Mavallipura, even the ground conditions around the landfill sites are in an abominable state. The villagers in those areas are already experiencing horrible sanitary conditions, because landfilling is not being done properly.Third, and most importantly, landfills are not necessary -- certainly not on the scale we currently operate them. Most reliable estimates of the city's trash now suggest that we generate about 3,200 tonnes of it daily. Of this, about 1,000 tonnes is organic, and, if properly segregated, it can be easily recovered as compost or energy. Of the remainder, at least 1,500 tonnes is recyclable dry waste, and this too needn't go to landfills.The key to all this is segregation. If we separate our trash into wet and dry waste, many good things become possible. If we don't do that, we end up limiting our choices.Segregation and landfilling are divergent choices. One leads to a society we can be proud of, where citizens take responsibility for their consumption, and for public health in the city and its surrounding. The other is a harmful choice, which is neither necessary nor very bright.Let us do the right thing, for all the right reasons. Let us open our eyes and close the landfills. In the process, we may discover what it means to be a society, rather than just a lot of people living next to each other.( The writer is member, ABIDe )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "17394161", "title": "TMC men take 'cut money\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Rebel minister", "text": "HOOGHLY: Disgruntled West Bengal minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya, who has refused to take up his new ministerial assignment, today stoked the \"cut money\" debate, urging chief minister Mamata Banerjee to tackle corruption in party ranks.Bhattacharya, who was the face of Singur agitation, said he shared the chief minister's concern over \"cut money\" being taken by ruling Trinamool Congress functionaries in return for services and referred to allegations of exchange of money in school appointments in Singur.Bhattacharya, who had led the initial agitation against Tata Motor's small car plant in Singur, said he had discussed the corruption issue in the local party office and kept the party higher-ups posted about it, but nothing was done.\"It seems the party is not interested to pursue the allegations,\" he regretted.The chief minister last Saturday spoke out against the practice of paying and accepting \"cut money\", sending a stern message for probity in party affairs and the need for an improved work culture to attract investment and rebuild the state's infrastructure.Bhattacharya said he had received a call from the chief minister's secretariat this morning requesting him to attend the November 30 administrative meeting in Singur convened by the Trinamool supremo.He said he asked for a formal invitation letter from the chief minister and that only after receiving it would he decide whether to attend.The district administration meeting, which was supposed to be held at Chinsurah, the district headquarters, was shifted to Singur apparently to satisfy the sulking minister.The minister is still adamant in not taking over the new portfolio of Statistics and Programme Implementation after being shunted from agriculture after the recent Cabinet reshuffle, complaining that the shift to the new department indicates that the party has taken a dim view of his performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17398056", "title": "Congress will not take chances for JMC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After losing the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation to BJP, the Congress leadership seems to be in no mood to lose the only Municipal Corporation under its belt. The party leaders are making all efforts to ensure that the deputy Mayor of Junagadh Municipal Corporation withdraws his nomination filed as independent candidate.Sources said that late in the night the leaders have convinced Kotecha. The leaders came on a negotiation table after Kotecha withdrew the nomination.The party leaders claimed that they have worked out a solution successfully and have resolved the revolt against party's decision on selection of candidate in Junagadh.Congress party had selected former MLA Bhikhabhai Joshi as party's candidate in Junagadh. Protesting against this decision, 22 Councilors had submitted their resignations. Not only this, but Deputy Mayor Girish Kotecha had filed nomination form to fight the poll as an independent candidate.However due to timely intervention by central leader Ashok Tanwar , Girish Kotecha will withdraw his nomination form on Tuesday. Also a group of 22 Councilors who support Kotecha have withdrawn their resignations. Tomorrow is the last day of withdrawal of nominations, and Congress leaders are neck-deep busy in efforts to ensure that most of the rebellion withdraw their nominations where ever they have fielded as independent. Earlier this month Gandhinagar Mayor with three councilors quit the congress and joined BJP giving the BJP a upper hand in the corporation and helping them to come to power in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394085", "title": "Mumbai civic body to form expert panels for amenity projects", "text": "MUMBAI: With several important civic projects lying incomplete due to the lack of technical support, the BMC has decided to form technical advisory committees (TAC) for most of its departments.These panels have been formed on the lines of the state government-appointed Standing Technical Advisory Committee (STAC), which the civic body consults for road design and new technology.Civic chief Sitaram Kunte has decided to form such committees for the water, sewerage, education, solid waste management departments.These departments are crucial to the BMC. However, the lack of technical inputs and staff crunch has affected the functioning of the departments. Each TAC will comprise experts, retired civic officers, and some activists. The civic body is also contemplating having foreign experts and may provide inputs through video conferencing.According to senior BMC officials, members for the solid waste management department TAC have been finalized.\"The TAC's first meeting will be held in the first week of December,\" said a civic officer. Experts from the IIT, former civic chief Sharad Kale and activist Shyama Kulkarni are part of the TAC.\"People have been called from different parts of the country. The BMC will be bearing the cost of travel and will be deciding on their stipend,\" said a senior official.Several projects like the dumping ground closure, water management, phase II of the sewage disposal project have been stuck due to the lack of guidance. Experts say that the BMC should also look at having \"capacity-building measures\" for its engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395636", "title": "New ministers get rooms in overcrowded Writers' Buildings", "text": "KOLKATA: Almost a week after new faces were inducted in the state cabinet, things finally appear to be settling down at Writers' Buildings with the government going out of the way to accommodate its ministers. According to sources, the PWD has managed to find rooms in the overcrowded secretariat for the new decision-makers.It is learnt that minister of state for micro and small-scale enterprises Swapan Debnath has been given Manas Bhunia's room on the second floor. After Bhunia had resigned, the room was allotted to transport department advisor Mukul Roy. No decision on where Roy would be accommodated has been taken yet.Similarly, minister of state for animal resources development Humayun Kabir has got Sabina Yeasmin's chamber while minister of state for agriculture and child development Becharam Manna will take up the room near Rotunda that was earlier given to housing and youth affairs minister Arup Biswas.Rabindranath Bhattacharya, who is yet to take up his new assignment, has lost his room to new agriculture minister Malay Ghatak. The chamber in which Ghatak used to sit when he was the law minister will now be occupied by minister of state for health and family welfare Chandrima Bhattacharya. The room for the tourism minister will now be taken up by Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury.The only minister for whom more room space is being created on the second floor is Giyasuddin Molla, who will get the civil defence secretary's room. Among other new ministers, MoS for public health engineering Pundarikaksha Saha will sit at the new secretariat, irrigation and waterways minister Rajib Banerjee will get an office at Jalasampad Bhavan in Salt Lake and Manturam Pakhira, the MoS (independent charge) of Sunderban affairs has been accommodated in the Salt Lake office.Earlier, there was a search at Writers' Buildings to accomodate the six Trinamool MPs who had to resign from the posts of union ministers and was inducted in the advisory panel. Among them only Mukul Roy was accomodated at the state secretariat. Sougata Roy, who will advise the industries and information technology department has been learnt to get a room at the WBIDC office. A search was still on for the other MPs of the advisory panel to have rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396080", "title": "Make Bangalore a cool place", "text": "BANGALORE: Green at heart, but have no garden space? Just hit the roof with your palms and plants, line up pots on the balcony and turn a wall into a leafy cascade.The concept of green buildings is gaining acceptance, with green walls and rooftop gardens. These little patches are as efficacious as any lung space in reducing air pollution, increasing water retention and mitigating the heat island effect. In these buildings, water used in rooftop gardening is channelized to reach the groundwater table through a network of pipes.\"A simple roof garden with potted plants to grow vegetables or flowers helps the building grow heat resistant through water retention and also combat air pollution,\" said Hema Kumar, founder of India Green Infrastructure Network (IGIN) and member of World Green Infrastructure Network (WGIN). He was participating in a discussion on Tuesday at a three-day conference on sustainability and green infrastructure organized by IGIN. The meet was inaugurated on Monday.Kumar explained how terrace gardens can facilitate an efficient rain water harvesting system and recharge the ground water table, which is the ultimate solution to the water crisis staring the city in the face.The second day of the conference showcased Singapore as a model city which in the 1960s witnessed the urban crisis that Bangalore is facing today. IGIN and WGIN experts narrated how the city-state went on to become a garden city and is now known as \"a city in a garden\".They explained how green walls greased with a special material to help grow climbers and plants are being built in many prominent buildings in European cities and Singapore. The city-state has built vertical parks housing waterfalls and hundreds of species of butterflies and insects, which can be accessed through elevators and lifts.The experts ideated how roof gardens can be created at hospitals, office buildings, high-rises and even civic facilities which help make the facilities self-sustainable.Liak Teng Lit, group CEO of Alexandra Hospital in Singapore, showed how a roof garden was cultivated in his hospital where vegetables and fruits are grown for patients and staff.\"Politicos, professionals and citizens are disconnected but if these three come together on the same platform, people can be enthused on how simple greening processes can change the face of Bangalore,\" Kumar added.ROOFTOP COOLERGreen roofs benefit biodiversity, storm water management and reduce the heat island effect. Scientific knowledge should be used to understand the importance of green roofs, and develop local information of the forms and uses of green roofs that are appropriate for the region.Manfred Koehler | president, wgin, and researcher on green roofs and wallsSINGAPORE'S GREEN GROWTHOnly 0.1% of Bangalore's population has rooftop gardensOver 30% of every building in Singapore has green spacesSingapore has made it mandatory for all new buildings to be 50% greenRooftop gardens, green walls are part of government policy in most European citiesCopenhagen aims to achieve 100% target in raising green infrastructureWHAT'S A GREEN WALL?A living plant-based exterior or interior wall of a building, on which a growth media like soil can be stuck to grow climbing plantsIs a natural insulator and helps regulate temperature automatically inside a buildingReduce temperature inside by 10 degrees, reduce electricity billsAlso called living wall, bio wall or vertical garden", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394793", "title": "Bangladeshis top infiltration threat", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the past three years, India has seen maximum infiltration from Bangladesh compared to any other country.In reply to a question on infiltration in the Lok Sabha , the government said that around 4,500 Bangladeshis were caught while infiltrating various borders since 2009, while forces apprehended 317 Pakistanis for sneaking in during the same period. All Pakistani infiltrations occurred through Indo-Pak border.Interestingly, however, infiltration from Bangladesh has declined, with 2009 recording 1,849 infiltration bids and 1,280 in 2010. The figure came down sharply to 605 in 2011, but rose slightly to 722 this year.Infiltration from Pakistan , however, has largely remained steady with 2009 recording 69 bids, 94 (2010), 63 (2011) and 90 (2012).The government said it is taking all possible measures to stop infiltration which includes border-fencing work, establishing 35 new border outposts along the Indo-China border, round-the-clock surveillance of the border by patrolling nakas, floodlight systems, introduction of hi-tech surveillance equipment such as night vision devices and upgrade of intelligence networks.The government reply also informed the House that work on 2,735km of sanctioned 3,359 km of fencing had been completed on the Indo-Bangla border, while 1,958 km of total sanctioned 2,043 km of fencing had been completed on the Indo-Pak frontier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395060", "title": "Tenant cannot become mundkar: HC", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has recently held that a tenant who continues to be in possession of the premises after expiry of the lease is not a mundkar under the Goa, Daman and Diu Mundkars (Protection from Eviction) Act, 1975.\"The object of the Mundkar Act is not to give protection to a tenant who continues to be in possession of the premises after expiry of the lease. The object is to give protection to a person who occupies a dwelling house belonging to the bhatkar (landlord) without payment of any consideration,\" observed Justice A P Lavande.Lilavati Chari from Panaji was initially declared a mundkar by a mamlatdar in 2006. But the deputy collector and administrative tribunal subsequently rejected her claim. She then petitioned the high court earlier this year.Lilavati's husband had entered into a lease deed in 1956 with a landlord in Panaji. Even as the lease expired in 1965, the petitioner continued to reside in the house. In 1995, the landlord filed an application seeking Lilavati's eviction under the Goa, Daman and Diu Buildings (Lease, Rent and Eviction) Control Act, 1968. In the eviction proceedings Lilavati took defence under the title of mundkar.Lilavati's lawyer pointed out that she was deemed to be lawfully residing in the house with the consent of the bhatkar. He said Lilavati was a mundkar as no action had been taken by the landlord after 1965 and the proceedings under the Rent Act were filed much later in 1995.Referring to an apex court judgment, the high court held that the possession of the petitioner after 1965 had to be treated as a tenant at sufferance. \"Merely because the respondent has not taken appropriate proceedings against the petitioner till 1995 by itself would not change the status of the petitioner and would not convert her status into that of a mundkar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394185", "title": "Campaign against sexual harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: Actors Shabana Azmi and Rahul Bose will flag off the Mumbai edition of the One Billion Rising campaign from November 28-December 9.The international drive, started by playwright Eve Ensler , is a call to action against sexual harassment. It is based on the United Nations' claim that one in three women will be beaten or raped during her lifetime. Given the world population of seven billion, this translates into one billion affected women.Thousands of activists from 13,000 organizations in 176 countries have pledged participation.Akshara, a women's rights organization, of 16 years, is bringing the local edition of One Billion Rising to Mumbai. Co-director Nandita Shah said, \"When the United Nations issued statistics to say that one in three women suffers sexual harassment we were taken aback as well. We do know it happens but the scale is horrifying. The fight has to be an ongoing effort, it cannot end with a single symbolic exercise.\"On Wednesday, Azmi will felicitate women activists while Bose will inaugurate the premier of the film Gulabi Gang at Films Division, Pedder Road. Film festivals have been scheduled at various colleges in the city from November 29-December 8, while from December 7-9, Akshara has also put up a film festival at Films Division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396440", "title": "RTI commission imposes fine on official for lapse", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Right to Information (RTI) Commission has imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on Dakshina Kannada district mines and geology department deputy director BM Raveendra for failing to provide information under RTI Act to an applicant on time.Raveendra, who is also the public information officer of the department under the RTI Act in the district, had not only failed to provide information to applicant B Prakash Bhat, but also had violated the rules by giving incomplete reply. The commission had issued a show cause notice to Raveendra, who in turn apologized for the lapse on his part. Following this, the commission imposed a fine under Section 20(1) of the RTI Act.State information commissioner MR Poojar directed Raveendra to pay the fine in two installments from his salary of the months November and December.Raveendra or his representative will also have to submit an action taken report after paying the fine, the commissioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17396237", "title": "Foreigners join struggle to save Kannara bridge", "text": "KOLLAM: Hundreds of people, including social activists from foreign countries, took part in the 'Family Leaders Meet' organized by the 13 Kannara Bridge Protection Forum recently. The meet was held as part of the initiative to mobilize mass support to save the 108-year-old 13 Kannara viaduct from being demolished.Marisekiguchi Kurosaki, a Japanese social activist and a school teacher, had travelled all the way from Tokyo to Thenmala to take part in the meet. She came to know about the forum's struggle to protect the bridge from the internet a week ago.Four years ago she and her friends had a train journey along this stretch to Shencottai through 15 Kannara bridges. She said the natural beauty of the surroundings and the travel experience still remain fresh in their memory. \"It is sad that the bridge of this heritage value is disfigured for mere development when there are several other options available. If anything can be done to preserve the bridge, please do it,\" she pleaded to the authorities. She said that it was one of the rare engineering marvels in the world and once she reaches Japan she would tell her students about the bridge and the protest of the people here.Another foreigner, Latta Rachentrdn, a Swedish research scholar from Stockholm, who visited the place, came out open against the move of the authorities to disfigure the bridge. She said that back in Sweden people give much importance in preserving these kinds of heritage architectures than anything. \"There should be development but that doesn't mean that it should come at the cost of our history,\" she said.In response to the recent appeal made by the bridge protection forum, engineering students from various colleges have submitted their proposals to build another bridge without marring the beauty of the Kannara bridge. R Dinukrishnan, a final year architecture student of TKMM Engineering College, who submitted a proposal, said that another bridge was possible near the existing one and there were many options to strengthen the existing bridge without disfiguring its heritage beauty.Chairman of the forum A T Philip said that the forum has got around 10 proposals from engineering students and a delegation will be going to New Delhi soon to submit a mass petition signed by the people to President Pranab Mukherjee, prime minister Manmohan Singh and Indian Railways authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394758", "title": "CBI seeks MHA sanction to file Official Secrets Act chargesheet against Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has sought the home ministry's sanction to file a charge sheet against arms-dealer Abhishek Verma in the official secrets case relating to confidential defence ministry documents provided by his estranged associate C Edmond Allen.CBI director A P Singh said on Tuesday that charge sheet in the case would be filed after clearance is received from the ministry which is mandatory in cases relating to the Official Secrets Act (OSA).The CBI had registered a case against Verma and unknown government officials after a formal complaint was received from the defence ministry stating that documents purportedly provided by US-based attorney Allen, were classified and violated OSA. It was decided to register a case against Verma and unknown officials of defence ministry under section 3 of OSA (passing on sensitive information) and 120-B (Criminal conspiracy).Allen had purportedly provided documents which deal with acquisition and future plans of the defence forces to CBI and other investigating agencies. The sources claimed that Allen had alleged that these were provided by Verma to show his influence in defence circles. The documents include acquisition plans for next five years for the Indian Air Force (IAF) and some of them relate to buying of UAVs and related system besides infrastructure developed by the IAF.The agency had also recently visited the US to record Allen's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17396495", "title": "'Pharma field needs competent graduates'", "text": "MYSORE: JSS University vice-chancellor and Pharmacy Council of India president B Suresh on Tuesday advised the students of JSS College of Pharmacy to focus more on skill development to ensure better employment opportunities.\"Gone are the days when just a degree was enough to get jobs. The situation has now been changed completely. Pharmaceutical industry is fast changing, and they require only competent persons,\" Suresh felt, while addressing the inaugural session of four-day 51st National Pharmacy Week. The event is being organized by JSS College of Pharmacy and Indian Pharmaceutical Association at the college campus here on Tuesday.\"Every year, tens of thousands of graduates pass out from colleges, but still, the industry is not finding them suitable because they are not competent enough to handle the assignments. Today, industry wants job-ready candidates. They are not ready to invest for training, which may take six months to one year,\" he said adding: \"Mere degrees will not a fetch graduates lucrative jobs in the present competitive world. Students need to focus on their goals and hone skills required for specific jobs, besides keeping themselves abreast of all the latest developments in the industry.\"Earlier, Semler Research Centre Private Ltd chief scientific officer Dr Suresh Venkataram said students should prepare themselves to take on big challenges, than mere settling for a jobs after graduation.This year's event, themed on 'Pharmacist in public health', aims at creating awareness among general public about the role of pharmacists in public health. Public rally, health camp, blood donation camp and guest lectures will mark the celebrations. National Pharmacy Week is celebrated every year in the last week of November.On the occasion, 26th volume of college magazine 'Jaspharm' was released, and around a dozen of students donated blood. College principal H G Shivakumar was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17394510", "title": "Rare surgery held in Jaipur hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: A complex cancer surgery was conducted by a team of doctors of Santokba Durlabhji Hospital recently in Jaipur. According to the doctors of the hospital, more than hundred such operations have been performed worldwide but it was the first time that it was done in India.\"This operation is technically challenging and requires expertise. It was conducted after thorough evaluation of the patient so that the cancer-related outcome is not compromised,\" said Dr Rajesh Bhojwani, who was heading the team.\"The patient, Mohanlal Lunia (60), was suffering from villous adenoma of the rectum. He underwent the operation in two stages, on August and November. Post operation, Lunia is perfectly fit and leading a normal life,\" said Bhojwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17398028", "title": "Viswaroopam release date confirmed", "text": "Kamal Hassan's much-awaited Viswaroopam is complete and ready for release and is confirmed to release on January 11th in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. Viswaroopam joins the Pongal 2013 race, making it a tough battle.Other movies that are set to fight it out include Karthi starrer Alexpandian , Vishal's Madhagajaraja and Aadhibhagavan starring Jeyam Ravi.Produced by Kamal in association with PVP Cinema, ' Viswaroopam ' is directed by Kamal himself, who has played the lead role. Music is by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, while Pooja Kumar and Andrea Jeremiah are the heroines.Sony Music have bagged the audio rights of Viswaroopam in all three languages - Tamil, Hindi and Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17396719", "title": "Machine that brews cuppa in 2 min spells doom for teabags", "text": "LONDON: The humble teabag could be squeezed out of kitchens as scientists are developing a new machine that brews tea in just two minutes, half the time of a traditional teapot.Cambridge consultants, who brought the round teabag, believe they can take tea to the next level using pods filled with leaves which are spun at high speed.The 'Te' system brews tea in two minutes and allows users to select the strength of their tea. The prices of the capsules would vary depending on the quality of the tea, and the machines would likely be cheaper than some coffee machines.A prototype machine which has been developed promises a quicker, better and cleaner brew, which could challenge the dominance of coffee makers such as the Nespresso, Cambridge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396689", "title": "CBI probe into mining scam demanded", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: CPI (ML) Liberation general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya on Monday demanded a CBI probe into the multi-crore mining scam in Odisha.\"We demand that chief minister Naveen Patnaik recommends a CBI probe into the multi crore mining scam and punish the guilty persons,\" Bhattacharya said while addressing a party rally at PMG square here.Talking to TOI later, Bhatacharya said the time had come to think for nationalization of all mineral resources in the country. This is necessary in the wake of several mining scams reported from different parts of the country.The CPI (ML) leader came down heavily on the Centre's move to allow FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17394287", "title": "Bail of realtor Gowri Shanker Gupta, his brother cancelled", "text": "HYDERABAD: A session judge has cancelled bail of realtor Gowri Shanker Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta for non-appearance in the trial court while moving their bail petitions.The IV additional metropolitan sessions judge cited that non-appearance in the magistrate court while seeking bail turned out to be the reason for cancellation of the bail granted earlier to GS Gupta and his brother in the DLF cheating case.According to a Supreme Court order, the presence of the accused in court was a must while seeking bail. The sessions judge directed the duo to go back to the court concerned and move a fresh bail petition by December 7.The Guptas had earlier moved the Supreme Court seeking anticipatory bail. The apex court on May 18, while dismissing their anticipatory bail petitions, gave some relief to the duo by giving protection from arrest for a period of three weeks. In the given time, they were supposed to have approached the XII additional chief metropolitan magistrate court seeking regular bail. They then moved the petitions and were granted bail too.However, the Central Crime Station (CCS) recently challenged the order on technical grounds before the sessions court and got the orders dismissed. B Yugender Rao, counsel for the prosecution, during the arguments, informed the court that the two were supposed to have appeared and surrendered before the XII ACMM court when they filed petitions for regular bail, but in this case both GS Gupta and Gopal Gupta did not appear, but the court granted them bail, which was against the directive of the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395508", "title": "No respite from sting: 374 malaria cases this month", "text": "CHENNAI: Just when the city recorded a decrease in the number of dengue cases this month, rising malaria cases are giving a new headache to the city corporation. Corporation officials said they had recorded 374 malaria cases, compared to the 24 dengue cases this month. For residents, there seems to be no respite from mosquito menace.A senior corporation official said the situation is not alarming and that the civic body was taking more steps to prevent mosquito breeding. According to the public health department, 13,469 malaria cases was reported across the state till September this year. Last year, the number of cases were 22, 171. Records show that 5, 064 malaria cases were reported in Chennai this year, compared to the 6, 602 cases in 2011.Entomologists say mosquito density has gone up in almost all residential areas. That's clearly because the civic body has not employed an adequate number of workers for fogging and spraying operations. The civic body's vector control department for prevention of malaria, dengue, chikungunya, Japanese encephalitis and filariasis is in charge of mosquito control measures. There are 12,000 anti-malaria workers in the old city limits and another 800 in the expanded areas. As per the rules, fogging and spraying should be done on each street every week. But this is not being followed in most areas. The clogged sewer lines have resulted in overflowing of sewage from manholes, adding to mosquito breeding grounds in many localities.Residents said mosquito repellents were not effective in most parts of the city. Ashok Modi, a resident of Sowcarpet, said: \"The civic body has not cleared garbage from the streets for many days. There is no fogging either. Several people here have taken ill.\" Doctors at private hospitals said there was an increase in fever cases and several people were being diagnosed with malaria.Corporation officials said they had been conducting various awareness programmes at educational institutions and residential areas. The malaria-causing female Anopheles mosquitoes breed in places where natural water collects. An official said residents also should take preventive measures to stop mosquitoe breeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17395087", "title": "Green tribunal slams ministry of environment and forests, Goa officials for illegal nod to mine", "text": "PANAJI: The Pune circuit bench of National Green Tribunal has ordered departmental proceedings against officials of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and the chief wildlife warden, Goa, for granting \"illegal\" environmental and forests clearances to a mining company in a forest area near Sancorda in Dharbandora taluka.The order gives credence to the state government's view that MoEF officials had also granted permissions illegally to mining firms in the state. In this case, the high court of Bombay at Goa had transferred the plea filed by Sandip Desai and five other farmers against Elray Minerals &amp; Co for illegal mining activity.The applicants had challenged the legality and validity of the environmental clearance granted by the MoEF on May 17, 2007, the forest clearance granted by MoEF (forest clearance division) on May 13-15, 2008, and the permission granted by the chief wildlife warden, Goa, on February 8, 2010.On November 23, the tribunal set aside the environmental clearance and forest clearance granted by MoEF and the permission granted by the chief wildlife warden to the company. The tribunal directed the company to deposit with the state government an amount of 5 lakh or the NPV (net present value) of the forest area cleared by it (to be ascertained by MoEF), whichever is more, for afforestation of the \"broken\" area. The company has to pay costs of 1 lakh to the applicants.From The tribunal has also ordered MoEF (the competent authority for granting the clearances) and the state government (in respect of approval by chief wildlife warden) to initiate departmental proceedings within two months against the officers concerned, if any of them are still in service, for dereliction of duty and misconduct in granting the said permission/clearance without following procedure of law and on basis of erroneous statements of facts.If the officers are no more in service, the estimated loss or an amount of Rs 5 lakh (for each approval/clearance) shall be recovered from the officers by conducting proper proceedings against them.\"We are further of the opinion that MoEF and the other authorities casually granted the clearances/approvals without verification of the necessary facts and without following due procedure. This resulted in undertaking of mining activity by the company though temporarily. Respondent No. 6 (Elray Minerals and Co) appears to have removed earth for breaking the forest areas and also for felling certain trees,\" the tribunal bench of Justice V R Kingaonkar and Dr Devendra Kumar Agrawal observed.Holding that the information submitted by the project proponent was accepted as the gospel truth by MoEF, the tribunal stated that very few public members were present at the public hearing and there is no record to show that notice of the public hearing was duly published. \"The only deducible conclusion will be that the environmental clearance was granted without following the due procedure as shown in the notification dated September 14, 2006,\" the tribunal remarked.It further said that the forest clearance is based on incorrect information about the distance between the wildlife sanctuaries/national park and the mining project and does not correctly indicate the forest density.\"It is also manifestly clear that the approval granted by the chief wildlife warden is not at all in keeping with the directions of the apex court which directed that projects located within 10 km from the boundary of any national park or wildlife sanctuary are required to obtain prior approval from the standing committee of the national board for wildlife,\" the tribunal observed.It further stated that no lease deed is available on record to show that the project proponent was granted any land on lease for mining purposes. The applicants were represented by advocates S N Joshi and B P Natekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395639", "title": "2 agents of vessel held for failing to provide provisions", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Tuesday arrested two employees of an agent of MT Prathiba Cauvery after a probe found that their failure to provide provisions to the oil tanker led to the accident in which six sailors died when the vessel ran aground off Besant Nagar on October 31.The arrested were Jayaraman, 54, of Dhandeeswaram Nagar in Velachery and Chitti Babu, 46, of Raja Kadai in Thiruvottiyur, branch manager and operation assistant respectively of Sea World Shipping and Logistics Pvt. Ltd.The vessel, carrying crude oil, left Mumbai with 37 crew members and reached Chennai on September 25. After unloading the oil, it headed for Mumbai on September 29, but was diverted back to Chennai on October 8 and kept in the outer anchorage till October 31.\"The two were responsible for providing basic amenities to the crew which they failed to do even after repeated requests from the captain. We collected the emails sent by the crew requesting help from the agents who ignored them,\" said a senior police officer. On October 30, ship captain Carl Fernandaz sent several emails to Sea World Shipping and Logistics Pvt. Ltd when asked to move the ship to outer anchorage. He had explained the difficulties regarding weather and risk involved in the sail, he said.The agents' inability to understand the situation and the failure to provide the necessary support was said to be the main factor in the case. Police, who registered a case under 174 CrPC, re-registered it under IPC section 304 (ii) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and arrested the agents. They were remanded in judicial custody.During their probe police have also found out that criminal negligence from various agencies and a casual approach to the problem of the crew was the main reason for the accident. Earlier, the Shastri Nagar police summoned the captain (designated on shore) Sunil Kumar Roy, additional captain (designated on shore) Avinash Mohan, and CEO of the shipping company Sunil Pawar to appear before them and recorded their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17395100", "title": "'State must aid Arihant for Princess removal'", "text": "CALANGUTE: The River Princess Hatao Manch (RPHM) on Tuesday urged the government to use the services of Arihant Ship Breakers to complete the job of removing the wreckage of the M V River Princess.A report by the National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) has indicated that significant portions of the grounded ship are still lying there, with some of the portions buried under the sand.Speaking to TOI, RPHM convenor Fermino Fernandes, who lives near the area where the ship was grounded, said residents are grateful to Arihant for removing the ship. \"Every year, people staying in the area were living in fear that their land would get washed away; 15 m of land was getting eroded every year. With the removal of the ship, at least 70% of the beach has been restored, which was admitted even by chief minister Manohar Parrikar when he came here last Sunday,\" he said, adding that people can now resume operating their businesses on the beach there.He expressed regret that the government is now contemplating termination of the contract with Arihant for failure to remove the ship completely. A press note issued by the RPHM said \"The River Princess Hatao Manch was formed by the villagers of Candolim in December 2008, in order to do away with the grounded vessel, M V River Princess, which had created an environmental disaster on the Candolim beach. The government of Goa appointed the contractors, Arihant Ship Breakers from Mumbai to do the said work, due to their capability and lowest quote. The contractors took up the challenge to do the work in the month of March, 2011. Despite rough weather, they started on a war footing and completed the removal of the vessel above water level before the onset of monsoons of June, 2011. It is to be noted that they had to undergo hardships and spend more time in obtaining the licenses from various government departments, including the central government.\"The contractors were supposed to resume the work of the removal of the remaining vessel in the month of October, 2011, but once again, due to the delay in sanctioning of various licenses by government departments, they could not resume the job before December, 2011. We had observed that they had to call in Russian experts in order to do the under sea bed removal of the vessel.\"It is therefore requested by the villagers of Candolim that the government should immediately direct to complete the balance job, if any, as per the report of the surveyors. We have strong faith that the contractors, Arihant Ship Breakers, have the capability of doing the remaining job.\"The state government is yet to convene a meeting of the monitoring committee to decide on the future course of action after the NIO gave its report earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395613", "title": "Lucknow Mahotsav out of reach for Old City residents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Residents of Old City areas are unhappy over Lucknow Mahotsav organizing committee's not having made proper arrangements to help them reach the venue. \"They have plied mahotsava special buses and auto rickshaws from all parts of the city but none from Chowk and Hussainabad areas,\" complains Mohd Ashraf, resident of Shahmina Road.He added that if a person from Old City has to go to the mahotsav, he has two options. \"I will either have to go to Hazratganj or move to Charbagh,\" he stated. Some 100 buses have been pressed into service from different points in the city to help people reach the mahotsav venue. But most of these spots including Kapoorthala, Indiranagar, Gomtinagar are in the Trans-Gomti area. When asked to comment, district magistrate Anurag Yadav said, \"We will look into the matter and come up with a solution as soon as possible.\" The mahotsav is on till December 6.In another development, traffic bottlenecks in the Bangla Bazar area due to poor management gave visitors a difficult time. \"I was stuck up for more than half an hour in the traffic jam along the Bangla Bazaar to reach my home in Aashiana. The jam was mainly because of two buses that could not pass by each other. Local administration must depute several traffic constables on the route to the mahotsav venue. They should also provide an alternate route for buses,\" said AK Shrivastava, a resident of Aashiana.Visitors to the mahotsav on Tuesday found the venue still not prepared to greet them but they got a chance to see pop singer Remo Fernandez in a powerful performance in the culture pandal. The popular 'Hamma' song from the film Bombay and 'Huiyya huiyya ho' from 'Khamoshi' made the audience cheer, clap and even shake a leg. Later, talking to reporters, he said, \"Music is a way to showcase elements of the society, good or bad.\" Remo has recently composed a song for Anna Hazare which he sung for the audience.For all aspiring singers, he said, \"One can experience the real joy of music only if he/she is passionate about it. I am a qualified architect and never got any formal training in music. Through sheer passion I was able to learn and play most of the musical instruments.\" He also spoke about his upcoming projects and said that Lucknow festival was an inspiring experience.Earlier, during the day, agriculture minister Anand Singh inaugurated the Krishi Mela pavilion at the mahotsava while district magistrate Anurag Yadav declared the shooting competition open. Certain handicraft artisans complained the power supply arrangements were inadequate. \"There is hardly any light at the open kiosks and it affects our business adversely,\" they said. TOI also found that laying electricity wires at the venue was not proper or safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394548", "title": "Maharasthra govt's stand on regularization stumps college teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: For one and a half months from March, faculty members of colleges from across the state boycotted evaluation work and demanded that the state regularize the appointment of teachers who were exempted from taking the National Eligibility Test (NET) or the State Eligibility Test (SET). The protest continued till the government assured that it would consider the teachers' demand. However, at the same time, another strategy was being played out in the back rooms of power.The state government appeared to have written to the University Grants Commission (UGC), asking it to change its stand and declare that the appointment of teachers could not be validated. In what has come as a shock to the teachers, a letter from the UGC hints at the fact that the government was \"back-stabbing the teachers\".It seems that the state has asked the commission to review its decision to regularize the services of close to 10,000 teachers. Regularizing them and paying arrears would cost the government about Rs 400 crore.In a letter to Tapati Mukhopadhyay, general secretary of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Union ( MFUCTU), the UGC states that there is an \"unwarranted request\" to revert the decision on regularizing the services of non-NET/SET teachers appointed between September 19, 1991, and April 3, 2000.The NET/SET battle dates back to the late '90s when the UGC made it mandatory for candidates wanting to become teachers to take the NET/SET. But the Maharashtra government decided to implement the rule retrospectively and several MPhil-qualified teachers, who were appointed between September 1991 and April 2000, were affected by this decision.The teachers' bodies had for years carried out jail-bharo agitations, held dharnas and gone on hunger strikes. This year, the teachers also decided to boycott the evaluation work.The UGC ordered the state to regularize the services of the affected teachers appointed from September 19, 1991, to April 3, 2000. \"Later, as per written assurances given by the state government, a resolution to this effect was to be issued by June 2012. But that has not happened. In fact, the state has asked the UGC to review its decision,\" Mukhopadhyay pointed out.The UGC's reply, a copy of which is available with TOI, states that a letter was sent by the higher education principal secretary (Maharashtra government), asking the commission \"to revert the decision on grant of exemption and regularize the services of non-NET/SET teachers\". But the UGC clarified that it had maintained its stand and a decision could not be implemented retrospectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394773", "title": "Coalgate scam: CBI likely to quiz Bagrodia, Cong MP Darda", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to question former minister Santosh Bagrodia and Congress MP Vijay Darda soon in connection with alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks. Agency sources said after Devendra Darda and Rishi Darda, they are likely to call Bagrodia, ex-minister of state for coal, and Vijay Darda, an accused in JLD Yavatmal case, for questioning within the next few days. Sources added that more FIRs in coal block allocation scam would be registered soon and agency would go after some 'big fish'.CBI has already questioned Devendra, son of Vijay Darda, and Rishi, son of Vijay's brother Rajendra Darda, who is a Cabinet minister in Maharashtra government in connection with the case.CBI director A P Singh said the agency is examining the role of all 142 companies which were awarded coal blocks between 2006 and 2009 and decisions would be taken soon on registering new cases.In its FIR against JLD Yavatmal Energy Limited, CBI has named Vijay Darda along with Devendra, and other former and present directors including Rajendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal. It alleged that the company, in order to embellish its claim for the coal block, had fraudulently claimed in the application form that it has been jointly promoted, controlled and managed by Lokmat Group and IDFC Limited and claimed the net worth of Rs 2544.19 crore of IDFC and Rs 73.38 crore of Darda-owned Lokmat group in its support. The company would not have qualified for coal block, the agency had alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396148", "title": "Soon, mental health atlas from Nimhans", "text": "BANGALORE: If this premier institute has its way, a model mental health atlas to help in formulation of research and policy making in the country will be ready soon.National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (Nimhans) is all set to adopt a district in Karnataka with over 2 million people to seek community-based data on mental health disorders.In probably the first-of-its-kind project likely to begin early next year, the institute will gather data related to the mental health condition of people in that district. The statistics generated can be used for research and policy making.The announcement was made by Dr P Satishchandra, director and vice-chancellor, Nimhans, on Tuesday at the launch of the 'Centre for Public Health'. The centre, which has come up at the department of epidemiology, Nimhans, will focus on bringing out solutions for mental health disorders.Explaining the need for district-based, Satishchandra said: \"We see 4.5 lakh patients suffering from various mental disorders every year. The Centre for Public Health will help us in evidence-based research. In India, we have to depend on hospital-specific evidence for research, which has its own biases and limitations. To overcome this, we've decided to adopt a district and follow-community observation. Community-based work will help in generating genuine data which will be useful for research and policy-making decisions.\"Under the National Mental Health Program, 123 districts of India will be given special mental healthcare assistance. Four Karnataka districts -- Kolar, Gulbarga, Raichur and Chitradurga -- have been included. \"We have a vision to cover the entire country in the 12th Five Year Plan if the central government provides funds,\" he added.Dr Shekhar Saxena, director, department of mental health and substance abuse, WHO, said: \"WHO would like to provide required support system for this centre. We will discuss the priorities and start the process of designating it as a WHO-support centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394993", "title": "Merger of four more villages sought", "text": "PUNE: Civic standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere on Tuesday demanded inclusion of four more villages in the list of 28 villages scheduled to be merged in the Pune Municipal Corporation limits.The state government had issued a notification regarding the merger of the 28 fringe villages on October 11, a move which will increase the civic body's geographical area to more than 450 sq km from the present 243.84 sq km. The expanded city would come close to or become even bigger than the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, which, as the largest civic body in the state, covers an area of 480.24 sq km.\"Leaders of the four villages of Wagholi, Nandoshi, Bhilarwadi and Mangdewadi have approached the PMC and demanded inclusion of these villages in civic limits,\" Chandere said. Chandere said the peripheral villages should be merged in PMC limits as the merger will benefit the city. \"I will discuss this issue with party leaders,\" he added.Giving a conditional consent recently to the state's proposal of bringing the 28 villages under its limits, the PMC demanded 19 TMC of water and 100% assistance to develop infrastructure in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395565", "title": "Career boost for college teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: The much anticipated career advancement scheme (CAS) for college teachers has finally been introduced.It was decided on Tuesday that CAS will be effective from November 1. A total 2,800 teachers, including 2,100 lecturers and 700 associate professors who have completed their MPhil or PhD, will gain from the scheme that will entitle them to extra financial benefits.Higher education council chairperson Sugata Marjit came to Writers' Buildings on Tuesday and met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and finance minister Amit Mitra. \"Till now, teachers who were doing their MPhil or PhD were not getting any benefit or incentive. Out of 14,000 teachers, 2,800 professors will now get CAS benefits. Of these, 2,100 lecturers who have been assistant professors and 700 assistant professors who have turned associate professors and have completed their MPhil or PhD will get the benefit. This is a kind of incentive to them for increasing human capital. For this scheme, the government will utilise Rs 1 crore per month, totaling about Rs 12 crore per year as incentives and to encourage them,\" Mitra said.Marjit said they were doing the homework for quite some time on this issue. \"We started working on this plan following the higher education minister's instructions and then talked to the chief minister. The introduction of CAS was put on hold for quite some time. There has been no college service commission examination for a long time. Teachers recruitment will start from next year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17396375", "title": "I brought shame on my family, says robber", "text": "BANGALORE: Divesh Kumar Singh, who allegedly shot dead a petrol bank manager while robbing the Corporation Bank branch in Chikkabanavara last week, said he regrets the shame he has brought upon his parents.Divesh, who was sent to judicial custody on Tuesday, told TOI his parents were devastated. He's sorry for the pain he has caused them as well as younger brother and sister. \"My father is a teacher with a PU college in Arunachal Pradesh. My parents will never accept me back,\" he said.Divesh and his three accomplices robbed the bank to raise seed capital for a business venture. The accomplices were also sent to jail on Tuesday \"We planned the incident in our Chikkabanavara room nearly a month ago. None of us had the patience to search for a job. We weren't doing so well in studies,\" Divesh said.Why I shot MuralidharDivesh said he panicked when a customer, petrol bank manager Muralidhar, started using his mobile. \"Despite repeated warnings, he kept punching numbers on his mobile. I thought he was dialling the police and panicked,\" Divesh said. He said the ceiling was low. \"The bullet could have ricocheted off it and caused damage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17394828", "title": "Civic bodies may get more funds for housing urban poor", "text": "PUNE: Municipal corporations in the state, including the Pune Municipal Corporation, can now avail of more Central funds for housing schemes for the poor.The Centre has proposed to introduce a new finance scheme for low-income groups to purchase/construct dwelling units. The ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation (HUPA) has decided to revise the existing pilot interest subsidy scheme for housing the urban poor (ISHUP) and relaunch the same as Rajiv Rinn Yojana (RRY).\"The new scheme will have a larger outreach along with a larger corpus of funds. Under RRY, it is proposed to provide interest subsidy of 5% on loans of up to Rs 5 lakh for the economically weaker section (EWS) and low income group (LIG) beneficiaries. However, no time frame has been set for launching of the new scheme,\" a HUPA press release said.\"The mid city area, comprising 17 peth areas and surrounding areas, spanning over 147.85 sq km, is facing a shortage of 6,58,975 houses. To accommodate the burgeoning population, the PMC will have to facilitate construction of over 30,000 affordable houses in the coming years as failure to do so, will result in rise of slums,\" said city engineer Prashant Waghmare, in his recent presentation on the new Development Plan (DP). The new DP for the old city area has highlighted the need for affordable housing in the heart of the city.City improvement committee chairman Chetan Tupe said the new DP will be incorporated with the Central government schemes for urban poor. According to the housing survey incorporated in the DP, in the 17 peth areas and the six sectors that the city has been divided into, the requirement of those under the category of EWS is around 2,90,873 houses (that is 44.14% of the total housing requirement). The low income group requires 1,32,022 houses (20.03%), middle income group needs 1,72,977 houses (26.24%) and higher income group needs 63,103 houses ( 9.58%).The civic administration has said that about 3% of the 147.53 sq km in old city area is occupied by slums. \"It is a fact that about 40% of the population lives on this 3% land. The PMC has proposed to rehabilitate all slum-dwellers by 2027,\" Waghmare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17396429", "title": "Security for Dev Deepawali being stepped up", "text": "VARANASI: The police continued preparations for Dev Deepawali. DIG A Satish Ganesh admitted that efforts are still continuing to arrange adequate forces to ensure foolproof security for the festival. The cops were seen struggling in arranging police and paramilitary forces. A huge force from all districts of Varanasi zone had already been deployed in Bhadohi, where violence and arson took place on the occasion of Muharram.The additional force available in Varanasi were being used for maintaining law and order during tazia processions and also for the security arrangements made in view of programmes of the governor.The DIG said that despite all these engagements, sufficient police and paramilitary forces would be spared to be deploy in Varanasi for crowd control and regulation exercises. He said that the plans for deployment of forces on the occasion of Dev Deepawali had already been finalised.The officials are aware that crowd control is not the only exercise at a time when the city faces terror threat. The ghats have remained the soft target for the terrorist groups.Ganesh said that keeping the ground realities and also the past incidents in view, preparations are being made to foil any bid of destruction. Apart from local bomb disposal and dog squads, four BDS and dog squads have been made available to the district police.Additional anti-sabotage squads would also be available on the festive day. The DIG said that all these squads would start the exercises since Wednesday afternoon. These squads have been asked to conduct checking drives at the ghats and roads leading to the riverside till the end of festivity. The reason behind this directive is that the ghats can't be isolated after conducting any checking drive by anti-sabotage or BDS team. He said that all the close circuit television cameras have been made functional to keep vigil on anti-social elements. Personnel of police and intelligence wing would also remain available in civil dress.The DIG said that despite all these engagements, sufficient police and paramilitary forces would be spared to be deploy in Varanasi for crowd control and regulation exercises. He said that the plans for deployment of forces on the occasion of Dev Deepawali had already been finalised.Jal Police fails to accomplish taskVaranasi Jal Police is not bothered to accomplish its task and responsibilities. A cursory glance at the ghats revealed that the arrangements made by cops prior to Dev Deepawali on Tuesday were inadequate.Dashaswamedh Ghat and adjoining Rajendra Prasad Ghat remain hobnobbed with tourists and devotees during morning and Ganga Aarti in evening, the motor boats of Jal Police can always be found anchored in one corner of the ghat even during crowded Ganga aarti period. Shiv Nishad, a boatman, said that the boats are operated only on the arrival of VVIPs and VIPs or officers. \"We patrol only when needed,\" informed a Jal Police constable, when asked about the timings and regularity of patrolling.The Jal Police has two motor boats. These were operated by local boatmen till recently. Now, the Jal Police had recruited its operator. While the constables of Jal Police claim of having been well-equipped, with life jackets, ropes, rubber tubes, nets and tubes stocked in the store. Surprisingly, Jal Police has no divers of its own.No facilities for local divers: Vijay Sahni (52) has been saving people from drowning since the age of eight. Recalling the days way back in early 1970s, he informed that he learnt diving from his father knowing that this was some sort of boatmen's family tradition.There are over 30 divers like Sahni, who keep their eyes open at the 84 odd ghats of Varanasi to ensure safety and selfless service to people by saving their lives. Sahni has saved as many as six lives at Marnikarnika ghat this year, there are plenty of other divers at Rajghat, Dashaswamedh ghat, Asi ghat and Ganga Mahal ghat, who perform the same task.Kallu Manjhi (62), a native of Asi ghat explained, \"We are the people of the Ganga and for the holy river. The expertise in diving and swimming cannot be over ruled. Even from a distance, we can tell if a person is drowning. It is a fearless task for us.\"No financial help is provided to these local boatmen, who perform the task of diving and in a way helping the Jal Police. \"No money is provided to us. However, the families of the individual who is fished either living or dead give us money depending upon their capacity and will. Sometimes, the reward is Rs 150 and sometimes it can also reach Rs 1,500,\" Sahni said.Vinod, a boatmen at Dashaswamedh ghat, said that the number of divers is going down.\"Although every boatman is a good swimmer and has some knowledge of diving, old people are generally experts in the field. Young boatmen are not that interested to learn the diving as it has no benefit apart from risking one's life,\" he said. No facilities in the form of insurance, financial aid and safety equipment are provided to the local divers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17395944", "title": "Young scientists showcase their talent", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It was science on steroids at the GVHSS Meenchanda where the competitions of the 46th edition of the state school science fair kicked off on Tuesday. The event, billed as the largest science fair in Asia, got thousands of students fired up and ready with a raft of big ideas and innovative thinking for solving global as well as local challenges.Rows and rows of exhibits showcased by students, comprising still and working models to gee whiz stuff, revealed that passion and enthusiasm for science is on the rise in the state's classrooms.Anjali M of Amritha VHSS, had travelled all the way from Konni in Pathanamthitta with the idea of developing smart highways with photo luminous traffic lanes that glow in the dark to avoid accidents.Neha Subhan, seventh standard student of Presentation School, Chevayoor, converted her bicycle to a motorbike by installing overhead solar panels and an electric motor. The solar panel will generate enough power to move her around at a speed of 20kmph.\"Ever since I developed the bike two months ago, I have been using it for my shopping trips and neighbourhood rides daily. Just parking the vehicle in the sun for two hours would make it run for one hour,\" Neha said.\"Majority of the students are keen to harness the possibilities of science for finding solutions to current social problems,\" said a member of the judging committee.A safety device for gas tankers which would relay SOS wireless messages to police stations and power utilities in the event of gas leakage was another highlight of the day. Sai Lekshmi and Joel Joseph of Republican VHSS, Konni said that it was the Chala gas tanker tragedy which made them think about such a safety device.Among the other innovative models include power generation from aquatic weeds, water hyacinth and salvinia, by Joshua Lawrence and Anisha Surendran of MGM HSS, Mananthavadi, Wayanad, E- waste recycling unit presented by Sneha G and Laura Denzy of Athicode in Palakkad and bio-digester toilets for railways showcased by Akshaya R Nath and Sandra Chandran of SMVHSS, Poonjar.As many as 1,400 students participated in the works experience fair in which they showcased skills in events ranging from wood works, cookery and handicrafts.The 8th vocational expo and career fair held as part of the science fair has provided job placements to 150 students.Kannur and Palakkad have emerged on top in the points tally in the science fair with 67 points each followed by Malappuram with 59 points in the first day of the competitions.In the Mathematics fair it is Kozhikode in the leading position with 172 points followed by Palakkad with 164 points.Kannur is in the forefront in the social science fair with 35 points followed by Kollam with 33 points. The event will conclude on Novermber 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17395517", "title": "CRPF jawan shoots himself at Ayodhya's disputed site", "text": "FAIZABAD: A CRPF jawan posted on guard duty at the disputed site of Ram Janmabhoomi in Ayodhya shot himself by his service riffle on Tuesday late evening. N Rajgopalan, a jawan of the Central Reserve Police Force deputed to man the red zone security cordon of disputed site, at around 9.00 p.m. shot himself by his service AK-47 riffle. He was declared dead after being brought to the government hospital.Faizabad superintendent of police Subhash Chand Baghel confirmed the death of CRPF jawan and said, \"He has committed the suicide by firing at himself using his service riffle. We are probing the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394484", "title": "Has Sushil Kumar's coach Yashvir Singh got raw deal?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Wrestling Federation of India has dropped London Games silver medalist Sushil Kumar's coach Yashvir Singh from the national camp which got underway on Friday.This has led to talk in wrestling circles that Yashvir has got a raw deal due to his alleged rivalry with Satpal.Yashvir, employed with the Delhi state government's education department as a physical teacher, was earlier transferred to the Bawana sports centre from the Chattrasal Stadium.\"Yes, I was transferred to Bawana two months back. I am a government employee and transfer is a part of it,\" Yashvir told TOI on Tuesday, trying to scotch speculation.Yashvir may have taken the move in a positive stride, but sources in the wrestling community insist the decision came after Satpal showed reluctance in relieving him for the national camp. Satpal heads the sports wing of Delhi government's education department.The Wrestling Federation of India (WFI) said there is no witch-hunting and that they want to give exposure to other coaches too. \"Sabhi ko thode rakha jata hai (Not everyone is asked to join the camp),\" WFI secretary general Raj Singh said.\"Yashvir is a good coach, but other coaches will get the exposure when he is not there. Satpalji had recommended the inclusion of Virender Kumar in the camp. However, we are yet to take a decision on him,\" he added. Virender, an international wrestler, was part of the junior wrestling team's coaching unit.Satpal also denied the allegations and called Yashvir's transfer as routine. \"There is no reason for Yashvir's transfer. It was a routine thing. Earlier, Ramphal was transferred but nobody asked about him,\" Satpal said.\"The decision to pick coaches for the national camp is taken by the federation, not us. Yashvir was in our team and we will continue to take his services. Our aim is to double the number of medals at the Rio Olympics,\" Satpal added.Meanwhile, Sushil Kumar also played down the incident saying the coach is still with him no matter where he is posted.\"Coach saab (Yashvir) has played a big role in my achievements. I have trained with him since 1998 and he is a very good coach. When I join the camp he will join me,\" Sushil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395328", "title": "Unpaid bills fuel vehicle crisis for PWD engineers, officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's time for top officials of Public Works Department (PWD) to learn some 'padyatra' skill. The department headed by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother Shivpal Singh Yadav, has not paid its fuel bills for more than three months. The petrol pumps designated by the department, therefore, have stopped supplying fuel to its official vehicles. With over 100 such 'immobile' cars parked at the department head office in front of the Raj Bhawan, senior officials are either forced to walk to their offices or use their own vehicles.While some officials and engineers have now managed to get vehicles hired from the Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, many others have not been so lucky. In fact, some of the senior engineers, who reside in the Raj Bhawan Colony near the head office, have been walking down to their offices for the past couple of days. A few others are either using their personal vehicles or hiring taxis.PWD vehicles of the mechanical wing are provided fuel by a petrol pump situated in Cantonment. However, a couple of days ago, the owner flatly refused because of the mounting dues of over Rs 65 lakh. Sources said that the state government did not allocate due funds under the head for the past three months, even as officials continued to use the vehicles.Chief engineer (mechanical), Massarrat Nur Khan, said that there was some delay in getting the funds under the head. \"But soon things will be sorted out and the bills will be paid,\" he said while speaking to TOI.Another senior official tried to play it down saying that the problem got aggravated after department's drivers resorted to work-to-rule, demanding revised pay scales.RP Pandey, general secretary of PWD's Rajkiya Parichalak Sangh, however, said that there was no problem because of the stance of the drivers. Under the rule, drivers do not work after 6 pm. And that is the period when a majority of officers too leave for their home,'' Pandey said. However, most of the vehicles in PWD went dry and did not move out of the office for the past two days,'' he said.Earlier this year, a similar situation had cropped in UP Jal Nigam after urban development minister Azam Khan asked over three dozen officials of the corporation to hand over their official cars until the corporation finances got audited and properly monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395065", "title": "Two Africans held for living in Pune illegally", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Tuesday arrested two foreign nationals for living in the country without valid documents.Umerhoja Francis (27) of Kenya and Ibraheem Owodunni (45) of Nigeria have been charged under Foreigners Act and have been handed over to the Koregaon Park police station for further investigation.The anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch led by senior inspector Suhas Nadgouda made the arrests.Nadgouda said that while patrolling in Koregaon Park area his team saw the two men. When asked to furnish their passports and other documents, they failed to do so. Nadgouda said that Francis and Owodunni have been living in the city for last some days. \"We have checked with the foreigners registration branch and found that they have not registered their names,\" he said.A senior officer from the crime branch told TOI that the police suspect the duo may have been involved in drug trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17395147", "title": "Producers demand market for 9 lakh litres of surplus milk", "text": "PUNE: The state produces around nine lakh litres of excess milk daily, but dairies cannot buy it as profit margins in packaged milk are low and there is no demand for milk powder in domestic and international market.Farmers are at the receiving end, therefore, the state government should intervene in this matter, said Vinayak Patil, chairman of state cooperative dairy action committee, while addressing a news conference on Tuesday.The committee held a meeting with representatives of 33 co-operative dairies from the state to discuss the issue of excess milk and milk powder and working out a price mechanism which will be affordable for farmers, dairy operators and consumers. The daily production of milk in the state is 1.20 crore litre, of which nine lakh litre is excess and the rest is consumed by individuals, bulk buyers such as hotels, confectioneries and canteen operators. A part of it is used for milk powder production as well.Speaking to reporters Patil said, \"The state government is ignoring farmers, as they are supplying milk to private dairies at low rates. The milk purchase rate from farmers is Rs 17 per litre but private dairies are buying at Rs 15 per litre. Also, milk powder produced by dairies is not exported because of the low proft margin. If the state and union governments offer 10% subsidy each then milk powder can be exported.\" With good returns from the export, dairies can offer better price to farmers as well, he added.Two years ago, private dairies were offering higher price than cooperative dairies to milk suppliers; today the picture has changed completely. Many private dairies are offering lower rates than the co-operatives, as a lot of money is stuck in milk powder stocked in the godowns. Around Rs 165 crore worth milk powder is in the warehouses, Patil claimed.\"The production cost of milk powder is Rs 180 per kilogram and international rates are Rs 183, so the profit margin is almost zero. If both governments offer 20% subsidy, dairies can benefit. Because of the lower international prices, there is 1.10 lakh tonne milk powder lying in the country, of which 14,800 tonne is in Maharashtra\", he added.During the meeting of the action committee, Patil also spoke with state dairy development minister Madhukar Chavan who assured to hold a meeting in Mumbai before the winter session of the state legislature, which would start by December 10.Once export of milk powder begins, the dairies can purchase more milk and convert it into powder for various purposes. Many cooperative and private dairies have limited their milk processing capacity as they do not have storage capacity for powder. The domestic market for milk powder is very limited, he added.The prices of nutritious feed and dry fodder for cattle have increased in recent months from Rs 10 to Rs 16 per kilogram. With higher input cost, farmers are demanding higher price for milk but dairies cannot offer higher purchase rate. The price of packaged milk cannot be increased and there is no demand for powder, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17397692", "title": "Insurance company wins appeal against consumer forum order", "text": "RAIPUR: Oriental Insurance Company has won an appeal in the Chhattisgarh State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission (CSCDRC) against an earlier order of the district consumer forum directing them to pay Rs 5 lakh to the family members of an accident victim, who was an employee of South Eastern Coalfields Limited (SECL).Fagulal, who died in December 2004, was a permanent employee of SECL and a resident of Korea district. SECL had obtained a Group Janta Personal Accident Insurance Policy for its employees from the insurance company for the period of October 1999 to October 2009, under which legal heirs of a permanent employee were entitled to a sum of Rs 5 lakh in case of accidental death. In their complaint, deceased's family members, including his wife, Mongra devi and six children stated that Fagulal suffered a head injury in December 2004 as he fell down while he was climbing the stairs at his home. He was admitted in a hospital where he died. The employer was intimated in the year 2008 as was the insurance company by registered post. But as no amount was paid by insurance company, the consumer filed the complaint before district forum.In their written reply, insurance company denied its liability on the ground that intimation was not given within 15 days as per terms of the insurance policy so they are not liable to pay any amount to the legal recipients of the deceased. However, the district forum did not agree with the defence taken by the insurance company and directed them to pay the sum assured to the deceased's family.The CSCDRC comprising its president, justice SC Vyas and member VK Patil however set aside the order and stated that district forum had committed a mistake in passing award in favour of respondents.In their judgement, Commission stated that the insurance company was neither intimated nor any claim was preferred by the deceased's family within a reasonable time from death or within 15 days as mentioned in the certificate of insurance. Therefore it is difficult to direct the insurance company to pay sum assured, when the claim has not been preferred for more than three years without any reasonable explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395504", "title": "Prakashotsava at Aashiana Gurudwara", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aashiana Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee will be celebrating Prakashotsava of Sri Guru Nanak Devji on Wednesday. A Shobha Yatra was taken out from Aashiana Gurudwara on Tuesday in which a large number of devotees were present. A free medical check up and blood donation camp will also be organised on Wednesday.Fellowship awarded: Dr Saumyendra V Singh, assistant professor, prosthodontics department, dental faculty of KGMU has been awarded the prestigious ICMR International Fellowship for the year 2012-13. He will undergo his training at Morriston Hospital, Swansea, Wales, UK. He will undertake training in UK regarding the latest advances in this field. The areas of his study will include implantology in maxillo-facial prosthetics, stereo-lithography, 3D computer aided imaging and design.Birth anniversary: On the occasion of 116th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Kalyanam Karoti is organising a programme on January 23 to distribute tricycles, wheelchairs, crutches, sewing machines to physically challenged persons free of cost. The physically challenged persons may get themselves registered in the camp being held in the Moti Mahal office of Kalyanam Karoti at 2, Rana Pratap Marg on December 25.Kartik Purnima: Lucknow Oriya Samaj will celebrate Odisha's traditional festival Kartik Purnima with fervour near Jhulelal Park on Wednesday at 6.30 am. Several families of Oriya community of Lucknow are expected to attend this festival.Honoured: Chandra Shekhar Nautiyal, director of National Botanical Research Institute and Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants has been honoured with lifetime achievement award by Biotech Research Society of India at Punjabi University, Patiala on November 21 for his outstanding contributions in the field of agricultural biotechnology for increasing the stress tolerance and enhancing the yield of plants, maximising the economic, environmental and societal benefits to the people of India. The award was presented to him by Prof Asis Dutta of National Institute of Plant Genome Research, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17394335", "title": "3 detained in Gawli Palasiya murder case", "text": "MHOW: Three persons were detained for interrogation in connection with the incident of murder of the woman that occurred on Monday evening.The woman identified as Chanda, wife of Devnarayan Patidar, who was in her early forties, was murdered in a locality of Gawli Palasiya village, about five kilometres from Mhow city.As per the police sources, three persons have been detained at Badgonda police station for interrogation. One of them Mohd Abid is a resident of Reecha Bardi village of Mhow tehsil and he used to visit the house of the deceased almost daily. He had visited her on the day she was found murdered in her house.Her son Manish Patidar, who works in a factory in sector 3 of Pithampur is also under the scanner as Manish was strictly against his mother's relations with Abid and few others.Chanda's husband Devnarayan died three years back after coming under a train near Indore railway station and the neighbours had doubted whether it was an accident or a murder.As per the residents of her locality, Chanda had been associated with drug peddling and many people used to come to her to buy marijuana and bhang.Badgonda TI Purshottam Marawi told TOI that the police is investigating the case from all angles and has not reached any conclusion. No arrests have been made so far and few persons have been called only for interrogation.On Monday evening, after getting information from the residents of the colony, Marawi along with the police force reached the spot where the body of the deceased was lying in the house. Looking at the sensitiveness of the case, ASP (Rural) Padam Vilochan Shukla and SDO (police) CP Singh also reached there.Prima facie, it looked like a case of strangulation as there was a deep mark on her neck and a steel wire was found lying near the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17395066", "title": "Power distribution company draws flak from regulator over tariff", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has slapped a show-cause notice on the state power distribution company for not complying with the directions of the regulator in applying tariff to consumers using less than 300 units of power per month. The order was passed by MERC on November 23.The notice has come as a respite to most consumers who use less than 300 units of power for their small businesses run from homes. The power utility has not complied with the commission's August 16 order.The commission had in its order ruled that all consumers like small tea stalls, pan shops and groceries belonging to rural and urban areas which consume less than 300 units per month or 3,600 units per year be applied residential tariff. The list of such consumers included public services, village and cottage industries as well.However, the power company came out with a commercial circular number 177 in September and excluded industries and consumers from the category, without obtaining permission from the regulator. Pratap Hogade of Maharashtra Rajya Veej Grahak Sanghatana had challenged the MSEDCL's move claiming it was against the orders of the power regulator and demanded action against the concerned officers under sections 142 and 146 of Electricity Act 2003 that includes penal action.In the hearing conducted on November 23, the MERC finally ordered show cause notice to the power company.The Nashik Zilla Grahak Panchayat has questioned the provision of show-cause notice. When MERC has understood that the power company is overshooting its limitations the regulator had to only penalise the officials. By issuing a show cause in the case, it is only killing time as it has happened in the past too, the panchayat said.Vilas Deole of the panchayat cited the case of Vinod Bhagwat, a retired senior official with MSEDCL who was charged for laying of infrastructure for power connection to his house, by the power company. \"While MSEDCL ruled charges should not be taken, Bhagwat demanded a refund, which MSEDCL did not give. Finally, the case went to MERC where the regulator ruled in favour of Bhagwat. But MSEDCL went to the Supreme Court but lost the case. He was then compesated. The MERC should now take stricter action against the MSEDCL for such issues,\" Deole said.The notice has come as a respite to most consumers who use less than 300 units of power for their small businesses run from homes.The power utility has not complied with the commission's August 16 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17397371", "title": "State pollution control board should comply with Supreme Court order", "text": "The toxic effluents discharged by the bulk drug manufacturing units in the Pantancheru industrial belt have led to serious health issues among residents of the 22 villages located in its vicinity. Reports by various research groups drawn up over the past one decade indicate a drastic rise in respiratory ailments among these dwellers. That apart, important water bodies like the Musi River and Hussainsagar Lake too have fallen prey to the sewerage dumped by these units into nalas connecting them. As a result, the flora and fauna count in these water bodies have hit an all-time low. Considering these serious ill-effects, the state PCB should comply with the Supreme Court order and not allow expansion of any of these units. In fact, strict regulations should be put in place to ensure that these drug manufacturers comply with PCB norms and check their effluent discharges.Related story:  Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board to cock a snook at Supreme Court order?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395271", "title": "Man kills self at Preet Vihar Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old employee of a private firm allegedly committed suicide by jumping before a train at the Preet Vihar Metro station on Monday night.The deceased has been identified as Deepak Quetra, a resident of Shahdara, northeast Delhi. \"We have not recovered any suicide note and we don't know why he committed the act,'' said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia. Deepak was also pursuing his studies through correspondence.Police said that they are investigating the case and inquest proceedings have begun. \"Deepak had received an offer less than a week ago to join a private firm in Hauz Khas. He was asked to join in the night shift. He had told his family that he had to go to his office. We found in the CCTV footage that shows he had jumped on the tracks when a train to Vaishali was entering the Preet Vihar platform around 11.50 pm,'' said an officer.Security guards and CISF personnel at the Metro station rushed him to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.With cases of suicides increasing over the past few months, the Delhi Metro has already put in place measures to combat it.\"Presently, additional railings are installed at six metro stations on priority basis. These stations are Laxmi Nagar, Preet Vihar, Vaishali, Akshardham, Kaushambi and Nirman Vihar, said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson.Questions are also being raised as to how the deceased could jump on to the track even with additional railings in place. \"The railings are helpful to stop accidents. Suicides can rarely be prevented,'' said a police officer.Delhi Metro is planning to install high railings at 19 more stations that have been identified as suicide prone. \"The work is likely to be completed within a month,\" added the Delhi Metro official.The deceased has been identified as Deepak Quetra, a resident of Shahdara, northeast Delhi. Deepak worked with a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17395637", "title": "Opposition walks out on Samajwadi governance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha witnessed two walkouts on Tuesday-one by Bahujan Samaj Party and the other by Bharatiya Janata Party-within a few minutes, over the law and order issue. Congress MLAs followed suit walking out over delay in sugarcane price, which was also protested later in the evening by BSP MLAs, who jumped into the well of the House disrupting proceedings for a few minutes.Expressing serious concern over the deteriorating law and order situation, leader of the opposition Swami Prasad Maurya, who had given notice under rule 56 for discussion on the issue, said no one felt safe in the present Akhilesh-led Samajwadi Party government and school going girls were not being raped. It seems there was no fear of law, he said, adding that even cops were being attacked and were not safe even inside a police station. \"I warn the Samajwadi Party government, which has completed eight months, that if no improvement was made on the law and order front, in nine months this poor law and order situation would turn into a monster and eat up the Samajwadi Party before the next Lok Sabha election,\" said Maurya.He said since the SP government came to power, around a dozen communal clashes had taken place while when BSP government was there, no communal clashes took place in the state. Maurya added: \"Why is it that riots take place whenever Samajwadi Party is in power?\" Referring to the Faizabad communal clashes, Maurya said the city had never witnessed communal tension since Independence not even when Babri Masjid was demolished, but now even the peaceful city had seen riots.Taking a potshot at the state government for its plan to release innocent persons tagged as \"terrorists\", leader of opposition cited the Rampur terrorist attack incident and said the government should stop indulging in dirty politics by releasing \"terrorists\".Earlier, BJP MLA from Meerut and state president of the party Laxmikant Bajpayi claimed that instead of \"bhay-mukt rajya (crime-free state)\", it was \"bhay-yukt rajya (full of crime)\". The state government has lost control over officers not taking directives of the government seriously.Replying to the debate, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Mohd Azam Khan on behalf of the state government took a dig at the leader of opposition said: \"Are you pained by the release of terrorists or by the prospect of Muslims being freed? Intelligence bureau report on the Rampur incident is out. Though I can't discuss the report in the House it clearly speaks of what actually happened on December 31, the day terrorists attack CRPF camp in the district. The fact is that those innocents who have been behind the bars following the incident are mostly Hindus, something not known to the opposition.\"Coming to Faizabad violence and law and order situation, parliamentary affairs minister said action had been taken and more would be taken soon and assured stringent action on the law and order front in future.Unsatisfied with the reply, Bahujan Samaj Party members led by Swami Prasad Maurya staged a walkout followed by BJP MLAs led by Legislative party leader Hukum Singh.Similarly, on delay in declaration of sugarcane price, Bahujan Samaj Party members jumped into the well of the House when Parliamentary Affairs Minister replying to the debate said the price would be announced soon in answer to BSP members' enquiry. BSP MLAs resorted to sloganeering in the well of the House demanding declaration of sugarcane price amidst continuous request by speaker Mata Prasad Pandey to Maurya to call back his party members.The BSP MLAs returned to their seat only after the speaker assured them that he would convey the sentiments of the House in this regard. Congress also staged a walkout led by MLA from west UP Pankaj Mallik citing \"non-seriousness\" shown by parliamentary affairs minister on the sugarcane farmers' issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17396530", "title": "'Let science help common man'", "text": "PATNA: The benefits of the research and development (R&D;) projects initiated in the state should reach the grassroots level and help in improving the lifestyle of its citizens. Bihar is changing fast but issues facing the state should be identified and addressed soon to accelerate the growth rate, feels former vice-chancellor, Rajasthan University, A D Sawant.Speaking on the first day of the three-day 5th Bihar Vigyan Congress here on Tuesday, Sawant said, \"The need of the hour is to galvanize our scientific forces and see that the benefits of science and technology reach the common man who is still deprived of basic amenities.\"He cited several examples where technology could be employed to prevent diseases, avail potable drinking water and reduce pollution. For example, he said, vermilion used by many women has chromium and lead, but its accumulation in the body through natural absorption leads to joint pains.Director of IIT Patna, A K Bhowmick, opined that R&D; efforts of the state should be directed towards food, safe drinking water, power generation, healthcare, sanitation, irrigation infrastructure, flood control, mitigation and solid waste management. He said, \"New technologies such as telemedicine can be applied to perk up health sector and have human-centric development.\"Chairman of Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB), Rajmani Prasad Sinha, highlighted the importance of electricity for education in the state. He said, \"The state government had planned computer education in secondary and high schools. However, there was no electricity supply in these schools for the computers to operate.\" He added, \"We sent a proposal to set up a solar power project of 2kw in every school. The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, government of India, has approved our proposal and schools will have it by next year.\"Also present at the conference was P K Das, director, Rajendra Medical Research Institute (RMRI), Patna, who advocated better scientific institutes and infrastructural support to stop students and scientists' migration to other states and countries. \"A concept proposal to establish 'Institute of Integrated Biology' has been submitted to the department of biotechnology. Good colleges are needed in the state to train students,\" he said.The RMRI director said the R&D; projects of the state should be used to target Bihar's problems and find their solutions. \"People don't have the knowledge of local problems facing the state. Scientists should concentrate on regional issues and develop technology accordingly,\" he said. The theme of the conference was \"Science and technology for transformation of Bihar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17396424", "title": "Prime accused in court attack case surrenders", "text": "MOHALI: Thirteen days after an attack on former DAV student, Amaninder Singh, outside the district courts complex, the prime accused surrendered before the police on Tuesday. Amandeep Singh Multani, a former SOPU leader, has been remanded in two-day police custody.Multani and seven others, including Lawrence Bishnoi, had attacked Amaninder, an agriculturist and resident of Chatrana village in Patiala district, when he had visited the court complex in Phase 3B-II to attend a trial hearing on November 15.The police said the victim was leaving the court complex when he was attacked. An old rivalry between student organizations was stated to be the reason. Police said Multani would be interrogated to nab other accused. Amaninder had named Multani and Bishnoi is his statement to the police. A case of attempt to murder was registered at Mattur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394787", "title": "Infighting ails health post at homoeopathy college", "text": "NAGPUR: The tussle between a trustee and an employee of Nagpur College of Homoeopathy has led to the closure of the family planning and vaccination centre there for the last couple of weeks. While Nutan Rewatkar, in charge of the centre, says the management is threatening nurses not to work at the centre, college trustee GD Panpaliya says Rewatkar is scaring away doctors.This is the latest in a series of controversies the hospital is grappling with. The centre is run by Nagpur Municipal Corporation as a health post and is part of the central government's Reproductive and Child Health programme. Tuesdays are observed as vaccination days at the centre. This morning, too, many parents brought their kids to the centre but had to return without getting any vaccination.Rewatkar says that the nurses have not been coming in since a couple of weeks, as they have been told not to come by the management. Trustee GD Panpaliya said that Rewatkar has scared away a few doctors at the centre, so the others are not ready to join the centre.\"Since the last six months, NMC has not given us any money to run the centre. When I went to ask for the amount to be cleared, the NMC officials asked for bribes,\" he said. He says that the centre would start running well the day Rewatkar leaves it.Meanwhile, NMC has been conducting an enquiry on the centre that acts as their health post for the locality. \"Several lacunae, like improper and incomplete documentation, insufficient infrastructure, etc were found at the centre. If these are not rectified soon, we would shift the health post to some other institution in the vicinity,\" said NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir.Sources from NMC said that the infighting in the hospital have always prevented the centre from serving the people of the locality well. \"The grants from NMC will only be released once they rectify all the faults. When we went there for a site inspection before the enquiry, we found that there were no doctors and other staff and even some fake documentation,\" revealed a source.He said the payment register, patient register and even the OT register had big mistakes. None of the norms were being followed, including keeping the OT clean and sterile, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17397305", "title": "Central schools, citizens oppose Andhra Pradesh govt initiative to make Telugu compulsory", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central board schools in the city are opposing the government's new initiative to make Telugu a compulsory subject in schools and colleges saying they have never changed their policies based on state decisions, while outraged citizens including many Telugus, said Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam will lose their cosmopolitan gloss if the government has its way.There are over 3,000 CBSE and ICSE board schools in Hyderabad and rest of the state, where Telugu is offered as an optional second or third language which students can opt for. Kendriya Vidyalayas in the state, most of which do not offer Telugu language at all, said Delhi will have to take a final call on this issue.\"CBSE and KV Sanghatan do not permit compulsory Telugu in schools. KVs offer the language only if there are more than 15 students who are interested in learning the same. So far, in most KVs that has never been the case,\" said SM Saleem, commissioner of K V Sanghatan, Hyderabad region.A CBSE official said no policy change has ever been initiated by the CBSE board on the request of any state government. \"We have not heard anything officially so far anyway,\" said a top official, who did not wish to be named.Minister for secondary education K Parthasarathy announced on Monday that Telugu will be made a compulsory paper and on Tuesday his officers said two separate orders will be issued in two weeks time specifying introduction of Telugu in schools, intermediate and degree colleges , signaling a hurried plunge into a massive revamp of language studies in the state.In schools where Telugu is already being offered, students will have to opt for it either as second or third language irrespective of what their mother tongue is.Also in under-graduate colleges including institutions which offer engineering (B Tech/BE) degrees, a third language option will be introduced to accommodate the learning of Telugu.Though the final decision will be taken by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, officials of the department of secondary education and higher education will now draft specific rules to be followed while implementing Telugu as a compulsory paper until under graduation level.Currently, the regional language , Telugu is only one of the options available for students in schools and colleges.\"The decision is expected to make students who reside in the state to get an opportunity to learn the language of the region,\" said principal secretary (Secondary Education ) Rajeswar Tiwari.Students who come from other states to study in state board schools were so far allowed to opt for Special English as a paper instead of Telugu, but the new proposal will not allow the same. However, a breather to students who hail from other states came when officials said they will be allowed to learn elementary Telugu in the first few years of their schooling in the state.\"The state is not going to inconvenience students who have just come,\" said Tiwari. However, students who have been residing in the state for more than seven years it will not be elementary, he said.In undergraduate colleges, Telugu will now have to be introduced as a third language as students at this level are allowed to take only two languages, English and a language of their choice, said a senior Higher Education department official.Many citizens, several of them whose mother tongue happens to be Telugu criticized the government's plans. \"I oppose this decision to forcibly make all the students learn Telugu, there should be some criteria and demarcation in place,\" said G Srinivas, a resident of Uppal area.Cosmopolitan Hyderabad is home to hundreds of central government offices, corporates , IT companies and is one of the few southern cities where Hindi and Urdu along with English and other languages are freely spoken. \"This is bad news... Even if students forcibly learn this language they will not be able to use it. By the time they try and read where the bus is heading, it would have left,\" said Minimol Shibu, a state-run school teacher . \"The cosmopolitan sheen will be gone,\" said another. Many CBSE and ICSE schools were equally outraged at the plan.Language bindGovt to issue 2 separate orders in two weeks specifying introduction of Telugu in schools, intermediate and degree collegesIn schools where Telugu is offered, students will have to opt for it either as second or third languageIn under-graduate colleges including engineering colleges, a third language option will be introduced to accommodate TeluguStudents from other states will be allowed to learn elementary Telugu in the first few years of their schooling", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395660", "title": "3 more held in sword killing case", "text": "GURGAON: Three more accused, including a B Tech student, were arrested in the Ravindra murder case late on Tuesday night. Ravindra was stabbed (with a sword) to death last Friday night. This brings the total number of arrests in the case to four.A senior police officer said that the all four accused would be produced in a city court on Wednesday.According to police, apart from the arrest of the main accused, who was identified as Parikshit Saini, resident of Shiv Vihar colony in old Gurgaon, the three arrested on Tuesday were identified as B Tech student Kavindra Kataria, Manish Kataria and Nishant, residents of Gurgaon village. Manish and Nishant are unemployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17396678", "title": "Da Vinci code to help you pick the perfect dress", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australia-based mathematician has come up with a formula to provide women with a foolproof flattering look, based on a ratio linked to Egyptian pyramids and Leonardo da Vinci's famous painting Mona Lisa.Mathematics honours graduate Lily Serna's equation for the perfect dress, skirt or short hemline is the length of a woman's body from shoulder tip added to their heel height and divided by 1.618 which gives an individual 'Golden Number'.Once the personal golden number has been determined, women need to measure from the shoulder down to see where the golden number and hence their ideal dress length, lies, The Australian reported.Serna, who was hired by a razor brand to create an illusion of 'perfect pins' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whatever a woman's shape, size or age \u00e2\u20ac\u201d drew on ancient principles of beauty, proportion and visual balance. \"It arms women with a tool to find out where their optimal length is when buying clothes, or if they find a dress out of proportion how the length can be altered,\" Serna said.\"It's based on the golden ratio 1.618, which is sometimes called the divine proportion or golden mean, and has been associated with aesthetic beauty in architecture and the arts,\" she said.According to Serna, the ratio had been linked to the pyramids in Egypt, Leonardo da Vinci's famous Mona Lisa painting, and the eyeto-nostril measurements of Hollywood beauties.To find your virtual waistline, measure up to your golden number from the floor, including heels. If your virtual waistline is much higher than your real waistline, wear cropped jackets and high waist jeans, the report said. If it's lower, try longer tops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17394048", "title": "Aam Aadmi Party to throw hat in MP electoral arena", "text": "BHOPAL: Social activist Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) may be less than a week-old, but aspires to contest the November 2013 assembly elections in Madhya Pradesh against the ruling BJP and the opposition Congress.The AAP MP state committee members are hopeful that in the next twelve months, the party will be organised in strength to make its first presence in the electoral arena. \"The matter has been discussed in New Delhi and we have completed the formation of the state and 45 district-level committees. Next, we will set up block-level committees and have a target of enrolling eight to nine grassroots members in every village in the state,\" state committee member Sharad Singh Kumbre told TOI.According to Kumbre, state committee comprises eight members and duties have been allocated to each person.Each state committee member has been given the responsibility of organising workers and inducting fresh members in a particular division. The election issues will be categorically focused on corruption, development, crime against women , law and order situation. The AAP is not even ruling out a few exposes on state BJP and Congress leaders ahead of the elections here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17396381", "title": "CPI (Maoist) members' bail plea turned down", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge Gyanesh Kumar on Tuesday rejected the bail application of two members of banned Communist Party of India (Maoist). They were identified as Shivraj Singh and Kripa Shankar. The arrests were made in 2010.The judge observed that charges leveled against Shivraj Singh and Kripa Shankar were of serious nature and police had already filed chargesheet in the case. Therefore, the bail application was liable to be rejected. The Kidwainagar police had arrested the accused from U block in Nirala Nagar around 10.50 am on February 8, 2010. They were accused of involvement in anti-national activities.The police party had seized literature challenging the integrity, sovereignty and unity of country. Besides anti-national literature and Rs 25,000 in cash was also recovered from their possession.The counsel pleaded before the court that the accused were innocent and they had been fabricated. Therefore they should be granted bail.The additional government counsel pleaded that the accused were members of a banned group .The governor had granted sanction for the case on August 3, 2010. Therefore, their bail application was liable to be rejected. Undertrial consumes poison: Gopal Nigam, a murder accused fainted in the court after consuming poison around 1.30 pm.Gopal is accused of committing the murder of his elder brother on March 12, 2012. He consumed poison substance after a conversation with his counsel. Gopal became senseless after sometime and fell on the ground outside the court.The cops rushed him to the UHM Hospital. The doctors sent him back to jail after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17396315", "title": "Divisional commissioner takes stock of works undertaken at Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To verify the work status undertaken by different agencies engaged by Kumbh Mela authorities the divisional commissioner on Tuesday inspected the Minto park to oversee the beautification work in the 6 acre campus undertaken by the forest department.Inspecting the pathway constructed inside the park, the commissioner instructed the Conservator of Forests, to construct the slope of pathway in such a manner that people slipping and falling is minimised. Finding some broken tiles at the spot he asked the officials to replace the same. Similarly he asked the officials to install brick shaped tiles on the boundary wall of the park.Later, the commissioner also went to the Shahid Stambh Sthal and Baradari and asked the conservator, forests to install two plaques at the spot after consultation with the department of archeology.Later on Chaturvedi went to the Alopi Bagh flyover and inspected the spot and asked the officials to complete the beautification work within 5 days. From here he went to Jhunsi railway station to inspect the railway overbridge being constructed by the state Bridge Corporation at a cost of Rs 9 crore and 52 lakh.Executive engineer, R M Gupta informed that construction of reinforcement wall would be completed by December 15 this year while the link road of the railway overbridge would be completed by December 25 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17391903", "title": "Two Zee editors arrested for 'Rs 100-crore extortion bid'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police's crime branch arrested two editors of the Zee group on Tuesday, acting on a complaint by Congress MP Naveen Jindal who had accused the two of trying to extort Rs 100 crore worth of advertisements from his company in return for dropping stories linking the Jindal group with Coalgate.The arrested journalists are Sudhir Chaudhary and Sameer Ahluwalia, editorial heads of Zee news and Zee business channels, respectively, a senior police officer said.\"Prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy and extortion has been found against the two leading to their arrest,\" said S B S Tyagi, DCP, crime branch on Tuesday.The editors had earlier denied the charges, calling it an attempt to target investigative journalism.Police said the arrests came after forensic experts submitted a report stating the CD submitted by the MP which contained audio and video recording of conversations between the Zee editors and Jindal's officials, was \"not doctored\". Jindal had claimed to have done a \"reverse sting\" on the journalists to expose them.The inter-state cell of crime branch said it had found other conclusive evidence against the Zee journalists.\"The two editors were called for questioning on Tuesday during which they could not give satisfactory answers to our questions. They were informed around 8.30pm about their arrest after four hours of questioning. They will be produced in a Saket court at 2pm on Wednesday,\" a senior cop said.Earlier, Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) had provided the police with audio recordings of telephone conversations and video recordings of three meetings held on September 13, 17 and 19, between Zee and officials of Jindal's company, JSPL, at Hyatt Regency hotel in Delhi. In its FIR, JSPL had also named Essel Group chairman Subhash Chandra and his son Punit Goenka as co-accused, alleging criminal conspiracy, extortion, criminal intimidation and defamation by Zee News Ltd and its officials, police sources said.In mid-October, the Broadcast Editors' Association had removed Sudhir Chaudhary from the post of treasurer and from primary membership of the body.The crime branch had registered an FIR against Chaudhary, Ahluwalia and others for allegedly trying to extort Rs 100 crore from the Jindal company. The FIR was lodged under sections of extortion after the HR head of JSPL gave a written complaint to the police.The complainant alleged that the two had met officials of the Jindal group and told them that reports against them could be dropped if the amount was paid. Several phone calls were exchanged on the issue. When JSPL declined to pay the money, Zee ran a series of malicious news items targeting the company, the complainant alleged.Reacting to the move, Sudhir Chauhary earlier told TOI that the allegations were false and fabricated. \"Jindals were the biggest beneficiaries in the coal block allocation scam and we had exposed them. If they are targeting us, they are targeting investigative journalism. It's an attempt to malign us and seems a result of their frustration after being exposed,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396907", "title": "Odisha heritage decor to adorn new airport", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The new domestic terminal at Biju Patnaik airport will sport an ethnic look, depicting the state's ancient culture and heritage. Airport authorities have roped in expert artists and visualisers to conceptualise thematic designs.Mural paintings, wall facade, masks and sculptures reflecting the state's culture, maritime activities and tribal lifestyle will adorn the airport terminal at the passenger lounge and passenger boarding bridge (PBB), said Biju Patnaik airport director Sharad Kumar. \"The new terminal has all the components of modern architecture. So it was necessary to go for a local touch in the interior design. We have assigned expert artists to the project at a cost of around Rs 10 lakh,\" said Kumar. The old terminal had a touch of Odisha as well with sculptures and paintings at the entrance and exits, he pointed out.In the first phase, designers have put up masks at PBB and thematic wall paintings on maritime heritage of Odisha near the check-in point. \"We have already put up mural paintings of Boita Bandana, a maritime heritage of Odisha, which reflects how Kalinga merchants (Sadhavas) used to have trade relations with southeast Asian islands of Java, Bali, Borneo and Sumatra. Now, only the ritual of the entire maritime activity remains. So we have portrayed the old practice in the paintings,\" said visualiser Dinanath Pathi, who has conceptualised the themes.More mural paintings on Kanchi Vijaya yatra and tribal paintings of Juanga, Santhal, Binda, Paraja and Saura tribes will come up in the second phase, Pathi said. \"We have already made sketches as to where the tribal paintings will be put up so that they easily catch the attention of visitors and passengers. We are also planning to have Ushakothi and rock shelter paintings,\" he said.A music and dance panel carved in Khondolite stone will adorn the terminal too. This is based on the facade of dance hall (Natyamandapa) of the Konark Sun temple. \"This theme has been chosen to show how Odisha excelled in music and dance. There will be wooden panels, which will depict musicians in performing mudra,\" Pathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17396305", "title": "Homestay attack case: Court denies bail to TV reporter Naveen Soorinje", "text": "MANGALORE: The first additional district and sessions court on Tuesday rejected the bail application filed on behalf of Naveen Soorinje, a reporter of a private Kannada news channel.Police had made Naveen the 44th accused in the homestay attack case that was allegedly carried out by Hindu Jagaran Vedike members in Padil on July 28.Lawyer S Balan appeared for Naveen. Earlier, the III JMFC had rejected the bail application filed by Naveen Soorinje, who was arrested in connection with the case on November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17393898", "title": "Telugu Desam Party not to take lying down hurdles to Chandrababu Naidu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s yatra", "text": "NIZAMABAD: TDP circles are preparing to retaliate if their chief N Chandrababu Naidu's padayatra in the district is obstructed by Telangana protagonists. While the TDP is gearing up, the Telangana Mala Mahanadu leaders announced at Birkur on Tuesday that they would obstruct Naidu's yatra.The party leaders have already instructed their cadre, the especially youth and the students, to be prepared for retaliation if Naidu's 'Vasthunna Meekosam' yatra which will enter the district on Wednesday, is disturbed.Recalling previous incidents of attacks by Telangana protagonists and also the retaliation by the TDP in the past, a TDP leader said Telangana Rashtra Samithi Vidhyarthi wing district president Chintha Mahesh was beaten up when he had hurled a slipper at Chandrababu Naidu during his 'Rythu Yatra' at Jakranpalli mandal headquarters.TDP's youth wing president of Nizamabad town Sirpa Kiran said a cordon would be formed around Chandrababu Naidu for his protection. The district party leaders are concentrating on mobilising the youth wing activist to form a security ring around Naidu for the seven days of his yatra in the district.Youth wing district president, B Venugopal Yadav said Telangana protagonists would be requested to stay away and not create any trouble during Naidu's yatra. \"If they do not listen, we will retaliate,\" he said.He asked why the TDP was being targeted though it had made its stance clear on a separate Telangana state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17396494", "title": "Sonepur Mela gets off to a colourful start", "text": "CHHAPRA: The monthlong Asia's largest cattle fair at Sonepur or Harihar Kshetra Mela in Saran district, which has got international attention, got off too a colourful start on Tuesday. Inaugurating the Mela, state tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintoo said the department has taken up the new task assigned to it for the first time in the history of this 'Mela' and has left no stone unturned to come up to the expectations of the chief minister.Earlier, revenue department was given the responsibility of organizing this Mela and usually the state revenue minister or on rare occasions even the chief minister used to inaugurate it. Referring back to its origin during ancient days, the minister said, \"It has been gathered from the history the Mela has its origin in ancient days when Samrat Chandragupta Maurya used to come here to purchase elephants and horses.He said despite many new things being introduced in the fair, old attractions will also be allowed to continue and nobody's 'roji-roti' (earning) will be snatched. He also said that last year over 8.52 lakh persons took a holy dip, but this year we expect over 11 lakh visitors.The minister also said, \"We are new to this Mela and people will have to evaluate our arrangements for which a review meeting will be held after January 26 and before February 15\". He also assured to organize of 'kavi sammelan' and 'mushaira' at the main pandal also. State labour resources minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal, Saran district magistrate Vinay Kumar and JD-U leader Mahachandra Prasad Singh also addressed the inaugural function. Vaishali DM Jitendra Srivastava proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17396223", "title": "Test of faith for Dhoni, and Eden", "text": "KOLKATA: After last year's embarrassingly low turnout for the second Test between India and West Indies, the Mecca of Indian cricket is set to entice cricket lovers once again.Ticketing officials said over-the-counter sales for the December 5-9 India-England Test had picked up pace and e-ticket transactions were on a fast clip, assuring Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) authorities of a decent turnout that would redeem its reputation.On the opening day of the India-West Indies Test on November 14, 2011, barely 10,000 spectators had turned up at the 67000-capacity refurbished ground to watch India's famed middle-order Dravid-Sachin-Laxman triumvirate bat. For those who had witnessed an 85,000-plus capacity crowd watch the epic India-Australia Test in 2001, it was a shocker.But all that is expected to change with the all-important India-England match that kicks off on December 5. With the series poised tantalizingly at 1-1, CAB expects cricket aficionados in the city to throw their weight behind Dhoni.\"Last time around, the West Indies team that had toured India was weak and did not have any big stars. The knowledgeable spectators in Kolkata wouldn't go to the ground simply because it is fashionable to be seen there during an international Test match. They will go only when quality cricket is in the offing. And we have it this time with England playing splendid cricket to win the second Test in Mumbai,\" CAB joint secretary Biswarup Dey pointed out.But it is not only Dhoni who will have people rooting; Alastair Cook will have healthy support, too, from 300-plus spectators travelling all the way from England. Among them will be former England pacer Gladstone Small who demolished Australia in the fourth Test in the 1986-87 Ashes.\"A large English contingent is arriving next month to watch the match. We have booked over 300 seats in the L and B blocks. Many of them had cancelled the trip last year when the India-England encounter in Eden Gardens was shifted to Bangalore. Groups christened Googlie, Yorker, Bouncer and Platinum will be staying at various five-star properties. Such is the interest in the Test that most hotels are fully booked during the five match days,\" said Nitin Sakunia of Travel Bureau that is handling the guests.Also present will be Nari Contractor and Ted Dexter , the oldest surviving captains in India and England respectively. The two led their respective sides in the 1961 Test in Eden Gardens that India won by 187 runs.While Dey expects a decent turnout on the first three days of the match despite these being working days, interest is expected to reach a feverish pitch during the weekend when the last two days are scheduled. However, there are concerns in certain quarters over the Brazil all-star match on December 8 featuring World Cuppers Dunga, Bebeto and Carlos and the Mohun Bagan-East Bengal derby the next day affecting the Eden turnout.But that can be judged only if the match rolls into day four and five, unlike Mumbai where play folded up before lunch on the fourth day with England romping home to a 10-wicket victory.Dhoni's demand for a rank turner at Eden despite the loss on a tailor-made spinner's wicket at Wankhede and Eden Gardens pitch curator sharp \"unethical\" reaction to it has added more spice to the match. When TOI visited the ground on Tuesday, ground staff was seen spraying water on a green top that is likely to make Dhoni cringe and Cook chuckle.Even CAB officials were piqued over Team India captain's comments and felt a sporting, result-oriented wicket was what cricket lovers in Kolkata and elsewhere would love to see at Eden Gardens. Of course, the grass will be shaved off and rollers come into play, but the Eden pitch is unlikely to match Wankhede's. And will assure plenty of action, both on the pitch and off it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396308", "title": "NIDian wins I-Design Award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A product design student from National Institute of Design bagged the award in the 'Medical Equipment and Devices Design' category for 2012-13 with three other recipients in the I-Design Award competition in Chennai. Every year, products that focus on innovation, technology, design and creativity are recognized by the awards.Malav Sanghvi of NID had participated in the competition with his project 'Walking Aid support stick'. \"There is a need for design inputs in the field of amputation and prosthesis. I emphasized on the needs of the persons with disability touse of the hand's muscular power to operate the leg by a strategically designed stick. The aid can be used for physical ailments like weak leg muscles, muscle tear, ligament tear, knee problems, paralysis, short foot and prosthesis training,\" he said. The stick is strapped on the leg, thigh, below knee, ankle and one of the forearms. The high point of the design is adjustability of straps by which the user transfers maximum force from the hands to the legs. tnnThe compactness of the device allows for easy packaging and subsequent ease in transportation and storage. The strap can be rotated, thus allowing the stick to be used on both legs, said Sanghvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17394619", "title": "State govt 'no' to help Pandav college students", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra government has categorically refused to help the 48 beleaguered BAMS students of Shri KR Pandav Ayurved College allegedly admitted illegally despite a ban from AYUSH (Central government's Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) and Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM). This is second setback to the students after Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) had completely disassociated itself from them.\"All these colleges which were prohibited by AYUSH and CCIM from admitting students in 2011-12 session were warned by the government time and again not to fill up the seats,\" director at Directorate of Maharashtra Ayurveda Kuldeep Raj Kohli told TOI from Mumbai. He added that even the students were in know of the situation but still they took admission. \"Many such colleges, including 11 from Maharashtra, were banned by AYUSH and CCIM for deficiencies in infrastructure and shortage of faculty,\" he added.TOI has been consistently tracking the issue exposing how they were defrauded by the college and kept in dark about their entire batch not being recognized. The college even charged Rs 1,700 as examination fee from them apart from charging Rs 2 lakh as donation and another Rs 1.5 lakh as fees for BAMS course. The reality came crashing down on them when they were not allowed to appear in the exams that commenced on Friday.Kohli stated that Bombay High Court had granted an interim stay on the AYUSH and CCIM's orders but it was soon vacated. \"In this little period, they had admitted the students which should not have been done unless complete relief is there. AYUSH and CCIM had done a good job of not permitting institutions lacking infrastructure and manpower to take in students. Both these bodies are very strict and these students have no other way out,\" the Ayurved director justified.However, he informed that if MUHS came to them with a proposal of shifting the students they might consider it just like they had done in the case of students from a college in Karanja Lad.College meeting today with students, parentsMeanwhile, the college management was still giving out assurances that Supreme Court verdict, likely in mid-January, would be in their favour and they should not lose hope, students informed. They were told that their case was being pleaded by senior counsel Uday Lalit and his representative would be meeting them at Hotel Chidambara on Wednesday with documents related to the case. \"The representative will apprise the students and parents of exact nature of the case and observations made by the apex court judges which indicate that the verdict will be in their favour,\" a student informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395506", "title": "Namak Shamak chef comes to Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Celebrity chef Harpal Singh Sokhi of Turban Tadka fame will open his first restaurant in Kolkata next month.Sokhi, who does the namak shamak jig that turns cooking into fun, plans to serve the experience in his The Funjabi Tadka chain. The flagship restaurant will be at Golpark, and a second one may come up in central Kolkata.\"People walk into restaurants for fine dining or casual dining. What they miss is fun. That is what we will serve with innovative food,\" said Sokhi, who grew up in Kharagpur. \"Bengal is very close to my heart. It is here that I spent most of my life. It is an honour to start with my pan-Indian culinary cruise from the city,\" he said.However, there's no simple recipe for success in Kolkata. Sanjeev Kapoor's Salt n' Pepper and Jiggs Kalra's Five Rivers had a fan following but shut after a while.\"It is a challenge yes. But we are confident we will live up to it. Our restaurants will be launched in joint venture with hospitality group Snowball Conclave Pvt Ltd and be spread across three formats: fine dining, casual dining and takeaways or kiosks. Over the next couple of years, we plan to grow the chain to 50 outlets in Tier-I and Tier-II cities,\" said Sokhi, director of Snowball Conclave.Two outlets are in progress in Mumbai while Bangalore, Chennai and Dubai each have one restaurant lined up. \"We will stick to the equity and joint venture route initially and hope to become strong enough a brand to tap the capital market by floating an IPO thereafter,\" said Satyaki Mukherjee, another director at the unit. Investment over the first two-three years is pegged at Rs 30-35 crore with a turnover of around Rs 150 crore.Sokhi created a niche for himself by learning authentic Hyderabadi food under Ustad Habib Pasha. Begum Mumtaz Khan, an authority in Hyderabadi cuisine, further enhanced his knowledge. His research on the link between Ayurveda and food has led to popularizing of traditional recipes but made in a simple manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17395822", "title": "PDS trucks to be tracked to curb pilferage", "text": "CHENNAI: Rice smugglers beware. Big Brother is watching you. The Union ministry of food and cooperation is planning to install GPS tracking devices in public distribution system trucks to prevent delays and reduce pilferage. The pilot project will be tested in Tamil Nadu and Chandigarh, announced the minister K V Thomas in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday. This is significant as Tamil Nadu, with its free rice scheme is more often prey to smuggling as the rice is transported to neighbouring states.\"This project is already underway,\" said a civil supplies corporation official. \"We are currently implementing it on a pilot basis in Tiruvallur and Krishnagiri districts which are bordering Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka respectively. The movement of trucks is monitored by a control room in Chennai that is manned by Elcot, the state electronics corporation.\"\"Smuggling has, however, declined since the past two years due to regular raids and check-ups,\" said additional director-general of police (civil supplies CID) K Radhakrishnan. \"Tamil Nadu however, has a universal PDS system as compared to many other states where it is a targeted PDS system. We have one of the best run systems too, which is why the state was selected for the pilot project.\"Simultaneously, the state government is taking up computerisation of the PDS systems beginning with Tiruvallur district. Now, PDS consumers no longer need wait in long queues for hours at the beginning of each month only to find out that the stocks are insufficient. \"They will soon be informed of it through SMS,\" said a civil supplies official. \"The government plans to implement an end-to-end computerisation of the PDS system where consumers can avail information about their local outlets through SMS, email and toll free numbers.\"Local consumers will have the option of registering for SMS alerts about their area's PDS shop. \"The supply chain will also be computerised to ensure transparency and keep higher officials in the loop at all times about movement of stock,'' he said. \"The pilot project for this is being implemented for the past two months in Tiruvallur district. Beneficiary database will also be digitised to prevent bogus cards from being used,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17395658", "title": "HUDA plans crackdown on illegal parking sites in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: After making arrangements for parking of over 7,000 cars in sectors inEstate Office region, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is now planning a crackdown on the illegal parking sites being operated.In the past, over a dozen illegal parking sites had been scrapped by the HUDA officials. These illegal car parking lots had been operating on HUDA land.The Estate Officer (EO) II, Manoj Atri, said: \"The illegal parkingsites will face action irrespective of the fact that they are in HUDA or private land in the sectors.\" There are, he said, complaints of illegal parking being done on private plots. \"The owners of such privateland will be issued notices as per the HUDA rules and will faceaction,\" said the official. Giving details of the upcomingparking sites, he said: \"The sites have been selected depending on the area and possible capacity of accommodating cars. The locations aremostly near hospital and commercial areas in different sectors.\"Among the proposed parking sites are areas like Apparel House,Shopping Centre Golf Course, Q block DLF phase II, Vyapar Kendra,Bristol Hotel, location opposite Gateway Tower, location opposite Max hospital and the land adjoining Gold Souk. \"Depending on the size of the sites the calculation of parking capacity has been worked out and the sites are sufficient to accommodate around 7,000 cars,\" said the official. The HUDA administrator had drafted the special policy for the parking operations in the city in which the attendant will have to keep track of the cars parked. \"All the sites will have adequate lighting and fixed entry and exit points to ensure smooth flow of cars,\" said the official.As per the tentative plan, the upcoming sites will have boundary and signboards with details of adjoining sectors and important phone numbers. The main idea is to provide hassle-free parking to residents and office-goers and streamline the entire system of parking. HUDA is also planning to rope in local police to have deployment of PCR gypsies at the sites to beef up security aspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17395235", "title": "Hardeep got bus cluster contract 'transparently'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after BJP leader Vijender Gupta demanded an inquiry into the award of a bus cluster contract to Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep, DIMTS clarified that the contract was awarded through a transparent bidding process.Delhi Integrated Multi Modal Transit System (DIMTS), an autonomous body, runs the bus clusters on behalf of the government. Gupta had also demanded a probe into former transport minister Arvinder Singh's role in it.Clusters 3, 4 and 5 - which mostly consist of bus routes in south Delhi - was awarded to AB Grain Spirits, which is owned by Hardeep who, along with Ponty, was killed in a shootout outside one of their farmhouses in Chhatarpur on November 17.According to DIMTS, the company is only one of the successful bidders for the cluster system, which went through an \"open\" bidding process. \"The process consisted of shortlisting of bidders based on stringent qualification criteria and evaluation of price proposals of shortlisted bidders based on lowest financial quote received,\" said a DIMTS spokesperson. According to the agency, the cluster bid saw \"huge participation\" from interested bidders with each of the cluster getting on an average five bids.The bus clusters with AB Grain have, however, been under the scanner for under-performance. The clusters, which originally was to have 682 buses, is running on only 209 vehicles.DIMTS on Tuesday admitted that the company had been penalized for its poor performance. \"Strict performance evaluation is an extant process and is being followed even currently. As a result, it is on record that as much as Rs 1.08 crore have already been imposed on AB Grain Spirits Pvt. Ltd as penalty (performance shortfall deductions),\" added the spokesperson.The Delhi government also rejected allegation of any wrongdoing in the award of contract. \"The allegation is totally baseless and has no substance,\" the Delhi government said in a statement.In 2009, the Delhi government had divided nearly 650 bus routes across the city into 17 clusters - each comprising profitable and non-profitable routes, and given each cluster to a private operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394115", "title": "Little impact of slowdown on Mumbai B-school placements", "text": "MUMBAI: Economic slowdown seems to have had little bearing on the summer placements at B-schools.The summer placements, which came to an end this week at the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, which concluded this exercise this week, did not see a rise in the highest stipend offered as compared to last year; on a brighter note, it did not see a drop either. Like 2011, a banking and investment firm offered the highest stipend of Rs 2 lakh to a student for a 2-month internship.On the other hand, the average stipend rose from Rs 89,000 to Rs 91,000 this year. But unlike last year, all the offers made to the 120 students on campus were by \"domestic firms\". In 2011, some MNCs made offers for posts in Singapore and Dubai. \"This year, companies were a bit cautious while recruiting students,\" said JBIMS director Kavita Laghate.\"Many of them were concerned about the way the economy will perform in the months to come. Companies were hiring fewer students than they had in the previous years. If an organization had taken four or five students in 2011, it merely took two in this placement season. Most companies stated that their staff requirement numbers had dropped,\" she added.Nearly 83 companies visited the campus and offered diverse job profiles to students. Several old recruiters made a comeback to the campus, the placement report noted. Summer internships provide a platform for students to work on live projects for a company and are a great learning experience, said experts.Allaying all concerns of an economic downturn, 33% of the recruiters were from banking, financial services and investment banking sectors. Many students were offered niche roles in fields like consulting, front-end investment banking and media.\"The finance discipline particularly was the star. It bagged some of the highest stipends offered on campus,\" said Balkrishna Parab, placement coordinator of JBIMSPlacement Report* Year ------ Corporates on campus ------ Avg domestic stipend ------ Highest domestic stipend2012 ------ 83 ------ Rs 91,000 ------ Rs 2 lakh2011 ------ 79------- Rs 89,000---------Rs 2 lakh2010 -------- 78 -----Rs 72,000 -------Rs 1.5 lakh2009 ----- 88 --------- Rs 48,000 ------- crossed 6-figure mark* Nearly 33% of recruiters from investment banking, financial services and banking. old recruiters made a comeback to the campus* JBIMS students offered niche roles in consulting, front-end investment banking and media* Finance sector offered highest stipend on campus* Wary companies hired fewer students than in the previous years. Most companies admit staff requirement has dropped", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17395813", "title": "For Salem villagers, LTTE is a living presence", "text": "COIMBATORE: On Tuesday late evening, more than 400 people, including 100 women and children, gathered at Puliyoor, a non-descript village in Salem district, and lit candles to remember the fallen heroes of a war fought across the seas.The LTTE has been wiped out from Sri Lanka, but the Tigers are a living presence for the villagers here. At Ponnammaan Memorial Bus Shelter at Puliyoor Pirivu here, men, women and children from Puliyoor, Mettur Dam, Kolathur and surrounding villages stood in a line, with candles in hand, as they have been doing for the past 21 years, to remember Tamils who died fighting Sri Lankan army during the three decades of ethnic strife. They sang songs in praise of the heroes and for the Eelam.November 26 is the birthday of Velupillai Prabhakaran. LTTE used to commemorate the day after as Heroes Day, when the outfit led by its leader would pay homage to its dead cadres. It's that tradition Puliyoor too adopted. \"The (LTTE) cadres fought for the rights and died for the Sri Lankan Tamils. We salute them for their sacrifice,\" said S Kanagarathinam, 37, a resident of Mettur Dam, who attended the event with her husband, Mullaivendan.The village's tryst with Eelam began when a training camp for the LTTE was set up in the village in 1983. For three years, over 800 cadres were trained by Lt Col Ponnammaan of the LTTE at the camp. \"In January 1983, over 130 cadres of LTTE got training in Kumbarapatti village. The public of Kumbarapatti, Kolathur and surrounding areas gave rice and cereals to them. The cadres mingled with the public and explained the situation of Sri Lankan Tamils. The name of the village was changed to Puliyoor (the village of Tigers) after the training camp,\" said P S Palanisamy, a resident.Three batches of cadres got trained in Puliyoor from 1983 to 1985 and most of them were killed in the war, according to the villagers. \"I used to buy food materials for LTTE cadres and I spent three years with them. I met Prabhakaran when he visited the camp. Prabhakaran met the public who helped their cadres and thanked them,\" said A Balasubramaniam of Kolathur.Balasubramaniam named his son Thambi Prabhakaran as he had \"great regard\" for the man and his ideals. Thambi is now 20. There are many others in his age group who carry names that recall LTTE leaders. The Eelam is not part of history for these villagers. In fact, many of the villagers believe that the Prabhakaran is still alive and could re-launch the war anytime. \"We believe that Prabhakaran is alive and he will appear before the world soon,\" said Palanisamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17394216", "title": "Gadkari on suicide path: Ram Jethmalani", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when as the main opposition BJP should have been busy putting the government on the mat, suspended Rajya Sabha MP Ram Jethmalani mounted a fresh attack on party chief Nitin Gadkari and leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley .In yet another letter to Gadkari, the veteran lawyer accused him of being suicidal in not quitting despite controversies over the Purti group. He also criticized Jaitley's alleged role in the row over the appointment of the new CBI director.Responding to questions on Jethmalani accusing him of batting for one of the aspirants to the CBI director's post, Jaitley said, \"I don't think he (Jethmalani) deserves the reply any more.\"On his suspension, Jethmalani wrote, \"Your order of suspension is ultravires and usurpation of the power of the parliamentary board. Besides, no situation has arisen in which you should have proceeded without speaking to me and complying with ordinary decencies of a quasi-judicial office which you hold.\"He maintained that he was \"totally indifferent\" to the step taken by Gadkari as his standing in the legal profession and in politics as well as the affection and respect that he enjoyed from sections of people did not depend on his membership of Parliament.\"I am convinced that you are firmly set on the path of suicide and you are determined to drag the whole party with you. 'Vinash kal vipreet buddhi (when one is set to be doomed he loses his mind)' is an old maxim,\" Jethmalani said.He also said he suspected Gadkari suspended him on the advice Jaitley. Jethmalani referred to the controversy over the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as the new CBI director and alluded to the alleged role of Jaitley in the litigation filed by Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar.Jaitley, however, refused to be drawn into a war of words with Jethmalani. Asked whether BJP was lenient on Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan Sinha, who have demanded Gadkari's resignation, he said, \"Well, we do not discuss all these issues.\" He was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a function in Jammu.Jethmalani complained to Gadkari that though he was a senior Rajya Sabha member and a founder of BJP, Jaitley and leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj did not discuss the Lokpal bill with him.Talking to reporters outside Parliament, Jethmalani maintained that he had not received any show cause letter from the party and only learnt about it from the media. \"I learnt from the press that they have issued a show cause notice. I have not received anything yet. So I have not read it. I will read it and if I find any substance in it, I will reply to it otherwise I will throw it in the waste paper basket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17394794", "title": "Three out of five girls from Dharavi anaemic: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Three out of five girls living in the Dharavi slum area are anaemic, says a survey. Besides, girls in the 11-19 year group are unaware of basic hygiene issues and many suffer from thyroid problems.The study, initiated by Dr Duru Shah, gynaecologist and member of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI), was conducted as part of the Kishori Project in association with Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) on 450 girls there. The study found that 60% of the girls suffer from some level of anaemia, while 7% suffer from thyroid-related problems.\"We found that in over half the girls, haemoglobin levels were less than normal,\" said Dr Shah. Haemoglobin levels of even 11 and above are considered normal for Indian girls. But while most anaemic girls fell in moderate to mild category, nine had severe anaemia. \"We found that a few girls had haemoglobin levels as low as 4.2 units. This can directly affect not only their physical and mental development, but also cause infections, affect their education and even pregnancies in future,\" said Dr Shah.From worm infestation to improper nutrition, the causes could be many. Swati Ingole, founder of Shield Foundation, a non-profit organization which works for the elderly and women in Dharavi, said that the girls are unaware of healthcare issues. \"The community is conservative, not allowing girls to get information on reproductive issues ,\" she said.Matters like using sanitary napkins elicited varied, sometimes eyebrow-raising, responses. \"Many girls who use sanitary napkins have strange ways of disposing of them. Many use the same napkin for over 12 hours, making them susceptible to infections,\" said Ingole.Apart from fatigue and poor concentration levels, many girls suffer from obesity. \"They skip a meal to lose weight. Most gorge on junk food like vada pav and samosas and hate green vegetables,\" said Dr Shah.Dr Rekha Daver, head of gynecology at J J Hospital, said, \"Girls from lower socio-economic strata are unaware of nutritious food. Even if they are, they do not have the means to cook them. Correcting anaemia in adolescents is very important, as these girls will be mothers tomorrow. If they are unhealthy, then their children will be unhealthy too.\"Blood countAnaemia is a condition when haemoglobin falls below 13.5gm/100 in men and below 12gm/100 ml in women. For Indian women, even 11gm/100 ml is considered normalNot all anaemics show symptoms. But some may feel tired, fatigued, appear pale, feel short of breath and/or their heart problems could worsenThe survey found 60% of Dharavi girls aged 11-19 are anaemic", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17395713", "title": "Mamata to decide on voting over FDI", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Congress likely to garner a majority in Parliament over the FDI issue, the Trinamool Congress is yet to carve out its strategy in Parliament, in case Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar allows the debate under rule 184.Trinamool leaders have left it to Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee to decide whether the party will stage a walkout along with parties such as Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party or record their dissent during voting with the BJP and the Left.\"We still believe that no-confidence motion is the only way to remove this minority government and stop this unethical political charade being played out. Even now this can be done.Only one MP is required to move this motion. It doesn't matter which political party it is. Let those, who're so vocal on price rise, FDI in retail and removal of subsidy cap on domestic LPG, come forward and vote on it. If one is convinced that these are anti-people policies, what stops them from nudging the government out of power. Why resort to rules to save them?\" said Trinamool all India general secretary Mukul Roy.Roy was more keen on nailing down Left Front chairman Biman Bose's recent argument that the Left didn't support the Trinamool's no-confidence notice because parties reluctant to bring down the government would vote against the government if the debate is allowed under rule 184. Roy, however, didn't want to foretell the party's strategy in the fast changing situation.While Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Sukhendu Sekhar Ray held that the party will fight FDI tooth and nail, senior party MP Sultan Ahmed said, \"Whether to vote or not will be decided later by the Trinamool parliamentary party and the party supremo Mamata Banerjee, let the Speaker decide it first. The government will never agree to a discussion under rule 184 without majority. Our leader in the Lok Sabha, Sudip Bandopadhyay, has already cleared our stand on the matter. There is nothing more to add to it.\" Domestic compulsion is also weighing heavily on Trinamool Congress before it is seen aligning with CPM and BJP.Left parties, on the other hand, have dumped the number game getting a whiff that the Congress might gather the numbers. Asked whether the CPM is heading towards a situation similar to the confidence debate on the Indo-US civil nuclear deal, CPM Rajya Sabha MP Shyamal Chakrabarty said: \"Not at all. We have been trying to forge the broadest possible unity against FDI entry in multi-brand retail. I am confident that we will be achieving our target to a great extent. The Trinamool's no confidence move would have given the government a leeway to continue with their anti-people policies on all fronts for a period of six months instead,\" Chakrabarty said.Trinamool leaders, on the other hand, believe that a debate under rule 184, will give Trinamool an opportunity to expose the Opposition \"double-speak.\" \"Biman Bose had argued if the government survived our no-confidence motion, they will get a parliamentary mandate to introduce FDI in retail. So if a vote under rule 184 does take place and the government wins it, would it be any different? The CM had made it clear that we believed in moving a no-confidence for it wasn't a half-measure. What is happening now only vindicates her belief,\" a Trinamool MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17395294", "title": "Quota row: Chief minister avoiding meeting Kirori Singh Bainsla?", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and cabinet minister Jitendra Singh, who is playing government mediator on the Gujjar quota issue, avoided meeting the community leader Kirori Singh Bainsla for the second day on Tuesday.Ever since the Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission submitted its recommendations on the quota demand to the state government last week, Bainsla has been seeking an appointment with the chief minister and the minister separately. On Tuesday evening, the Gujjar leader and his supporters even landed up at the minister's residence hoping for a meeting. After waiting for nearly 45 minutes, however, Bainsla stomped out of the place without talking to his supporters.On asked if even Singh was avoiding him, Bainsla told reporters, \"Waqt, waqt ki baat hai (It's all a turn of time).\" A little later, Bainsla's close aide Atar Singh reached the spot to tell reporters that the leader left since the minister was busy in a meeting with the CM.Political observers called it an attempt by the government to sideline him. Others believed the government was finding itself in deeper trouble after the OBC commission's recommendations and was, thus, avoiding a direct confrontation with the Gujjars.With contradicting statements coming from the commission chairperson Justice IS Israni (retired) and member C B Sharma on whether the 50% quota limit can be crossed in the state, the Gujjar leaders insisted that the recommendations be made public and be cleared by the Cabinet at the earliest. The government, nonetheless, maintained complete silence on the issue even on the fifth day on Tuesday.Earlier in the day, Gujjar leaders associated with the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti held a meeting here under Bainsla to decide the community's stand on its increased quota demand now that the commission's recommendations were with the government. The meeting ended with a unanimous decision to stick to the Samiti's latest stand about accepting 5% separate quota for the Special Backward Classes (SBC), which includes the Gujjars, only within the 50% cap put on overall reservation by the Supreme Court.As the overall job reservation in the state is already 49%, the Gujjars' demand could be met through subdivision of the 21% OBC quota that they share with around 85 other communities. Jats, the OBC's politically most influential community, are, however, opposed to the subdivision and the Gehlot-government can ill afford to annoy this community.In reaction to Jats' opposition, Bainsla said on Tuesday, \"We did not interfere in other communities' quota demands; similarly others should not interfere in ours.\" On being asked how the community's demand about 5% quota within the 50% limit would be met when the government appears to be in favour of exceeding the limit, Bainsla replied he was 'no subject of a feudal king' and knew 'how to get the community's right'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17393993", "title": "Water Board braces for dry summer", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) will start implementing the summer contingency plan from December first week in areas under Divisions-III, IV, V and VI. For starters, these areas will get short /restricted water supply.Usually, the HMWS&SB; starts implementing the summer contingency plan from March, but this time they would start restricted water supply five months ahead as the water level at Osmansagar and Himayatsagar have plummeted to alarming levels.Water supply would be restricted in Mehdipatnam, Tolichowki, Kakatiyanagar, Masab Tank and Chintalbasthi in Division-III, Red Hills, Mangalhat, Gowliguda, Sultan Bazaar and Gun Foundry in Division-IV, Bagh Lingampally, Narayanguda, Ashoknagar and Amberpet in Division-V and Jubilee Hills, Khairatabad, Yousufguda, Sanjeeva Reddy (SR) Nagar and Ameerpet in Division-VI.\"The Water Board will resort to restricted water supply when water level at Osmansagar reaches 1,768 feet. The recorded water level at the reservoir on November 26 was 1,770 feet (full tank level is 1,790 feet). However, last year the recorded water level was 1,779 feet at this time of the year. The water level might reach 1,768 feet by December first week,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI.Presently, the Water Board has been supplying water for an hour on alternate days to the four divisions (III, IV, V and VI).\"We will resort to short supply of around five MGD from December first week. Though the Water Board will restrict supplies, we will try to avoid inconveniencing customers,\" he said.Water would be pumped and supplied through gravity till the end of February.Later, emergency pumping would be done by installing pump sets till the level reaches 1,756 feet.\"No water will be pumped from Osmansagar from April 1,\" the official added.As per the contingency plan, around 17.5 MGD of Krishna water would be supplied to Asifnagar filter bed from April 1, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17396872", "title": "Sample question-cum-answer papers for Matric exam released", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Board of Secondary Education (BSE) on Tuesday released sample question-cum-answer booklets to be used in the annual High School Certificate (HSC) Examinations 2013. The booklets, designed on CBSE pattern to check malpractice, question paper leak and erratic evaluation of answersheets, will be given to students for practice and feedback. The samples will also be uploaded in the BSE website.\"The booklet will not create any kind of confusion among students and teachers. The sample papers are prepared with utmost care,\" said school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda.The sample booklet for English subject having total 100 marks and of two-and-a-half-hour duration has 14 pages. The first page is an information sheet where name and roll number will be written by examinees while teachers will also write marks for each question on the same page after evaluation. For a question carrying 10 marks, the booklet provides 40 lines for the answer to be written within 150 words. Similarly for a question of five marks, the answer should be within 50 words in 14 lines. Besides, there will be two additional pages for the use of students and two more pages will be given on demand.\"I practised in the booklet and found it quite handy for English paper. But I don't know whether it will be equally good for other subjects as well,\" said Anita Patra, a student of class-X in Capital High School.However, some students are skeptical. \"Now we don't have any option left except using the booklets in the exam. Had we used the booklets in pre-test and test examinations it would have been better for us,\" said Rajesh Patra, another student of class-X.The board authorities assured the students not to worry as measures will be taken to clear their doubts and queries about the new pattern. \"The board will conduct seminars for teachers to make them acquainted with the new pattern, who would clear the doubts of students. Besides, students can collect the booklets for practice from schools or they may download them from the BSE website,\" said D P Nanda, president of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17397150", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad slams Congress for Indo-Bangla land-swap deal", "text": "GUWAHATI: A three-member team of Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) comprising party MPs Biren Baishya, Kumar Dipak Das and Joseph Toppo on Tuesday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and opposed the proposed Constitution Amendment Bill for implementation of the Indo-Bangla land-swap deal.The proposed bill for implementation of the India-Bangladesh Land Boundary Agreement, 1974 and its 2011 protocol is listed for clearance during the ongoing winter session of the Parliament.\"At a time when the state is plagued by issues like illegal influx of immigrants from Bangladesh, the proposed step by the Centre and the state government is a betrayal to the people of the state. AGP will not tolerate the move and will do everything to bar it,\" said AGP MP Das. The group also submitted a memorandum to the Prime Minister.Meanwhile, party workers in the state staged a statewide protest by organizing dharnas in every district on Tuesday. Hundreds of AGP workers staged a sit-in demonstration in front of the party's head office at Ambari here to oppose the proposed bill.\"The AGP is creating a massive public voice across the state against the proposed land swap deal between India and Bangladesh. The Congress government could not seal the border with Bangladesh and stop influx and now it is shamelessly giving away our fertile lands to the neighbouring country. It's an illegal move and we will protest it,\" said AGP publicity secretary Manoj Saikia.The AGP slammed the Tarun Gogoi government for helping illegal infiltrators with the proposed land swap deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17395838", "title": "The joy of giving, from Ireland", "text": "KOCHI: Eight-year-old Appu licks his green lollipop and says, \"Mary amma thannathaa\" (Mary amma gave it to me). His mother traces the words 'Merry Christmas' on an envelope that holds Rs 1,000 voucher and voices her happiness, \"Mary amma is a blessing.\"For the residents of Kuthirakoor Kari, an island off Kochi, the Irish duo of Mary McCormack and Catherine Dunleavy is a godsend.In an area that was not accessible by road and where drinking water is a distant dream, the efforts of McCormack's Kerala- Ireland Foundation have helped the local community move towards self-reliance.The seeds of benevolence were sown during McCarthy's and Dunleavy's first visit to Kerala in the aftermath of the tsunami. \"We were here to recruit nurses for our Tara Winthrop Private Clinic in Dublin and were moved by the need to rehabilitate families. Before long, The Assissi Charitable Foundation was formed at Dublin in 2005 to help families here. The Kerala - Ireland Foundation is its extension,\" says McCormack. The foundation's first project was a boy's orphanage, \"Kripalayam\", set up at Kumbalangi in 2006.A total of 45 houses were also constructed for the underprivileged in Chottanikkara, Eramaloor, Chellanam and Kari. The Little Flower English Medium School and Medical Clinic in Kari were opened on June 1, 2009. A tailoring unit was set up to provide employment to local women and a house boat has also been launched to encourage tourism in the area.Apart from these the Rotary Club of Cochin, in association with Kerala - Ireland Foundation, is developing a drinking water and rainwater harvesting project in Kari and funding the education for the children of prisoners serving life imprisonment.McCormack and Dunleavy are now content to function independently through the two year old Kerala - Ireland Foundation and are driven by the love they earn through giving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17396107", "title": "Anandnagar murder: Was robbery the only motive?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after a 50-year-old woman was murdered in her bungalow near Shyamal Crossroads, police are still grappling with the whodunit and the motive of the crime. Two questions haunting the cops are - whether this was a case of murder and robbery or if there is more to the story and the ransacked house was meant to put police on the wrong trail.Police are hunting for the missing domestic help and her fiance who are prime suspects in the case. On Monday, Samarth Agarwal, a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal Crossroads, found her mother, Madhu Agarwal, dead on the floor of her bedroom at 4.30 pm. She was stabbed multiple times and when she was taken to a nearby hospital, she was declared brought dead. She had 42 stab injuries on her back, neck, chest and stomach.As Manila, a 20-year-old domestic help, who used to stay in the outhouse, has been missing, police named her as the prime suspect in this case. However, the cops believe that there could be more to the murder mystery than a robbery gone awry. \"The number of stab wounds inflicted on the victim suggests that she had been killed in a murderous frenzy, most likely in a fit of rage. We are probing into all angles to know who could have harboured so much rage against the victim or her family,\" said a senior city police official.\"We are yet to know the exact amount of cash or valuables stolen from the residence. The bangles Madhu was wearing are missing, but her earrings were intact. We got to know that the family had been to Hong Kong during Diwali and had returned only on November 24. If burglary was the motive, it could have taken place when the family was out and the bungalow was locked. We are working on a possibility that Manila had thought that the jewellery that the family had kept in a safe during their overseas travels, might be back in home now. Though, now we know that the family did not keep jewellery at home,\" said P C Joshi, assistant commissioner of police, A Division.Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said that a knife of wide blade and a country-made pistol were found from the spot. \"The pistol, however, did not have any bullets. It might have been used to frighten her or to hit her as there is an injury mark on her forehead where she was hit by a blunt weapon. Several teams have been formed to crack the case and we are working on technical surveillance to track the suspects,\" Badgujar said.Letter hints at discordThe cops have recovered a letter written by Madhu Agarwal in the recent past. \"This letter talks about a family discord. We are taking the letter into consideration while we probe all angles of the case,\" said a police source.How the incident might have taken placeAfter the husband and son left for work, Madhu Agarwal was last seen at 2 pm on Monday when a relative visited her to invite her for a family function. The relative left the bungalow at 2.15 pm after which two to the three assailants entered the house from the back door.Police have reconstructed the incident with the help of blood marks, signs of struggle and condition of rooms. \"It seems that the victim had gone to the puja room. There she was attacked by somebody with a Rampuri knife. The victim was then dragged into the house and stabbed again. The attacker was in a nervous frenzy - the tip of the knife broke and got stuck in her back. Then in the flurry of stabbings, the knife's handle too broke. We found a jagged portion of the knife's handle stuck in her head. During this time one of the assailants switched on the television in the bedroom and put it on full volume to drown the woman's cries,\" said police sources.Police believe that in the second round of assault, she was stabbed on chest, neck and stomach. After this, the group tried to search cupboards and also took her gold bangles which she wore.\"One of the assailants tried to wash out blood from the passage near the temple but this only aggravated their problem as the water got mixed with blood and flowed out towards the back door. This blood was spotted by Samarth and his driver when they reached the bungalow. Samarth then called an ambulance in which Madhu was taken to a nearby hospital where she was pronounced dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-28"}
