{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098920", "title": "Admiral D K Joshi takes charge as new Navy chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admiral Devendra Kumar Joshi took over as the new Indian Navy chief on Friday.Admiral Joshi is the 21st Chief of Naval Staff of independent India and the 19th Indian to command the Indian Navy. Admiral Nirmal Verma, who retired on Friday, handed over the chief's telescope in South Block formally handing over charge.To achieve security related objectives, the \"man-machine interface is crucial and the Navy would need to professionally re-audit, train and consolidate its preparedness to optimize the existing capabilities as well as harness the full potential of the transformational new capabilities being inducted,\" Joshi said on assuming charge.A specialist in anti-submarine warfare, Joshi has commanded several naval ships, including aircraft career INS Viraat, and was also the chief of Eastern Fleet. His last posting was as the chief of Mumbai-based Western Naval Command.Under Joshi, the Navy is expected to continue with its efforts to become a more credible blue water force, capable of undertaking operations far off India coast and protect national interests around the world. During Joshi's tenure Russia made aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov would be commissioned by December, besides several other new inductions. The Navy would also kick start Rs 13,000 crore phase II expansion of Project Seabird, the naval harbour that is being constructed near Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102562", "title": "HC refuses to expunge observations", "text": "BANGALORE: A HC division bench headed by Justice HN Nagamohan Das on Friday dismissed applications filed by the officebearers and relatives connected to Iskcon, Bangalore , seeking for expunging of certain observations on their conduct in its May 23, 2011 verdict.\"The remarks and observations pertaining to the office-bearers and their relatives were made after going through the documents /evidence on record and the same is an integral part of the verdict and cannot be expunged,\" the bench has said.Madhu Pandit Das, his wife Bhakti Lata Devi Dasi, his co-brother Chanchalapathi Das, and others had filed the applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16103851", "title": "Riot of laughter at TOI meet", "text": "PATNA: \"Banakar fakiron ka bhesh Ghalib, tamasha-e-karam dekhte hain.\" This couplet, a satire on humorists themselves, by Mirza Ghalib was one among the multitudes that invited thunderous applause from the audience. The occasion was \"Hasya Hungama 4\", with stalwarts Surendra Sharma, Suresh Awasthi, Pradeep Choubey, Praveen Shukla, Shalini Sargam and Ved Prakash entertaining the gathering with their rib-cracking gags.The fourth edition of Hasya Hungama, organized by The Times of India, in collaboration with Pyramid Propmart, Bank of India (BOI), State Bank of India (SBI), Life Insurance Corporation of India, Prism Cement, Gujarat Growmed Private limited, Rain Marketing Private Limited and UB Group, the event saw a packed S K Memorial Hall and the august presence of who's who of the city on Friday night.The poets took a dig at anything and everything, starting right with themselves, to politicians, husband-wife relationship, kids, inflation, corruption, love life and what not. In Shalini Sargam's words, \"Roz kisi ka intezaar karte hain, roz ye dil bekarar karte hain, kaash ki koi samajh paata is baat ko, ki chup rehne waale bhi kisi se pyar karte hain.\" The audience not only applauded the poets, but some enthusiastic ones encouraged then with their \"waah waah\" and \"kya baat hai\".Praveen Shukla introduced other poets and steered the show with his one-liners as the poets picked at each other. Satires such as \"Patni ki make-up ka kharcha ab bardasht nahi hota, aur bina make-up ke patni bardasht nahi hoti\" sent the audience into thunderous round of applause. Pradeep Choubey took a dig at even waiters and photographers present there, saying, \"Before ordering, it is the waiter who waits, and after ordering, it is the customer who waits\" and narrating the tale that \"a photographer who usually covered marriage functions was once assigned to cover the cremation ceremony and he habitually asked the body to 'smile please'.\"Ved Prakash sent the audience into peels of laughter when he recited his couplet, saying when Baba Ramdev's supporters raised the slogan 'Ramdev zindabad', Baba felt they were saying 'Ramdev zinda bhag', and he took to his heels.Commenting on Anna Hazare's agitation, Praveen Shukla said, \"Desi rupaiye par ek athanni bhari pad gaya, puri kitab pe ek hi panna bhari pad gaya, Gandhi ye kya hua tumhari party pe tumhara chela Anna bhari pad gaya.\" He further commented, \"Bhrashtachari charo ore ghoom rahe hain, adarsh ki pakar kar dor ghoom rahe hain, Anna batado desh kaise thik karoge, jab core committee mein chor ghoom rahe hain.\"Earlier, the mega event started with the ceremonial lighting of lamp by Rajeev Shankar Tiwari, MD, Pyramid Propmart, Kulbhushan Jain, zonal manager, BOI, Vinay Sah, zonal head, LIC , Ramendra Sinha, zonal manager (east), Prism Cement, and S S Narvankar, DGM, SBI. Rajeev Shankar Tiwari, MD, Pyramid Propmart, said Bihar had a rich cultural history and Kulbhushan Jain, zonal manager, BOI, said such initiatives would help us forget our day-to-day problems as laughter is a good therapy for being healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100658", "title": "Power continues to play truant", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Despite promises by higher ups of power department to improve and streamline the power supply of city, the situation continues to remain pathetic, even as the department fails to provide uninterrupted power supply to city in Old City areas. Worst affected are areas where work related to shifting of poles has not been completed yet. As a result power supply remains snapped for hours together even as residents wait patiently for resumption of the same.Residents of Old City areas including Atala, Roshanbagh, Daryabad, Kareli, Attarsuiya, Rasoolpur, Ghaus Nagar and others complained that the power department has failed to provide regular supply to areas despite promises of setting up of new substations and installation of new transformers of enhanced capacity.A resident, of Kareli, Mohd Shariq said that \"Power played truant even during the month of Ramzaan and the trend is still continuing as the department has failed to initiate measures to keep things in order.This is the reason why local faults crop up at regular intervals leaving the residents without electricity for hours together.\"He added that the issue was raised with the officials concerned but nothing was done to take corrective measures in this regard. Holding similar views a resident of New Katra, Kishore Varshney said that \"The conditions are nightmarish as roads are full of potholes and the residents have to move out in the midst of this.\"He said that women face lots of hardship as the roads become unsafe in the wake of prevailing dark conditions during a power breakdown.A social worker and resident of Ahmadgunj in old city area, Shahid Askari said that \"The power department should be sensible enough to understand the fact that electricity and water are the two basic requirements for the people and failure to provide the same puts a question mark over will to serve the people.When contacted a senior official of the power department, Ashish Asthana said that \"We are making all out efforts to ensure providing uninterrupted power supply to the areas but faults erupt at local level due to overloading and illegal (katia) connections which result in short circuits.He however assured to take steps for checking local faults and providing round the clock power supply to the affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102481", "title": "Long delay saved accused from the gallows", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The delayed trial in the Naroda Patia massacre case may have come as a relief for accused, who escaped capital punishment merely because 10 years have lapsed since the communal riots.While sentencing 31 persons to life imprisonment on Friday, additional sessions judge Jyotsna Yagnik wrote in her judgment, \"On account of lapse of time and agony of impending trial and suffering of their families, the case just falls short of the rarest of the rare category, and the court feels somewhat reluctant in imposing death sentence.\"The court was of the opinion that the sword hanging over the accused for ten long years and the purpose of deterrence has already been partly served in this duration. Thus, death should not be awarded.On the role of Kodnani, Bajrangi and seven others and their plea for mercy, the judge said, \"Even not imposing the death penalty can also be safely termed to be grant of sympathy looking to their lion's share in massacre.\"The judge also elaborately dealt with the debate on abolition of capital punishment before coming to a conclusion on the sentencing. \"When an alternative to death penalty is available, it is better to embrace the same. There are ways to address this violent crime in a more constructive way, as precious lives were lost in a barbarous attack launched by the assailants,\" the judgment reads.Discussing the international movement against capital punishment, the court said that 130 countries had abolished the death penalty by the end of 2009. \"There is momentum for the general suspension of capital punishment through out the world. To respect the right of those on death row, the movement of human rights and a moratorium on the use of death penalty is under serious consideration at the UN. Progressive society restricts the use of the death penalty. Article 5 of Universal Declaration of Human Rights guides to respect human dignity and says that no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment,\" the court expressed its mind about capital punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16124367", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's prayer meet held", "text": "MUMBAI: Prominent figures from politics, industry, Bollywood and other walks of life were among those who attended a prayer meeting held in memory of former Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh here on Friday.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, several state ministers, Union ministers Rajiv Shukla and Milind Deora were among those present on the occasion.Deshmukh family members including wife Vaishali, sons Amit, Riteish, Dheeraj and daughters-in-law Aditi, Genelia, Dikshika and brother Diliprao accepted condolences.Several Bollywood figures including Vilasrao's old friend Subhash Ghai , Salman Khan , Pankaj Udhas , Poonam Dhillon , Suniel Shetty, Juhi Chawla , Chunky Pandey and Poonam Sinha were among those who paid their last respects to the senior Congress leader.The prayer meet was held at the NCPA auditorium in south Mumbai this evening.Deshmukh passed away at a Chennai hospital on August 14 and was cremated at his village Babhalgaon in Latur district the next day.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi were among those who had attended the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16100655", "title": "High cost takes gold down on dowry list", "text": "CHENNAI: When it comes to big fat Indian weddings, all that glitters is always gold. But with gold prices hovering above the stratospheric 30,000-31,000 per 10gm, communities that traditionally offer most of their dowry in gold are looking for alternatives. Result \u2014 financial innovation that's worth its weight in gold, including fixed deposits, real estate and combination dowries with part payment in gold and the rest in cash.In communities like the Nadars and the Chettiars, the usual amount of dowry given during a wedding is 100 sovereigns of gold. But with gold prices at an all-time high, families are coming up with newer ways of exchanging the same amount of gold as before, without paying more.The solution \u2014 increasing the cash component in the dowry or using bank deposits as futures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16102720", "title": "Dug up road poses threats to vehicle users", "text": "MANGALORE: A ride on Kankanady - Valencia Road, which had claimed a couple of lives two years ago, is still a nightmare. Adding to the misery of motorists, the city corporation authorities have dug up the median of the concrete road.Earlier, when the stretch was made a concrete road, the contractor had not concreted the median. The corporation authorities filled the space with concrete following a spate of accidents which claimed couple of lives.Now, debris lying unattended in the middle of the road is posing serious threats to pedestrians as well as motorists. Locals and owners of shops on the roadside say that the stretch has become further narrow as people park their vehicles on either sides of the road. They claim that the stretch witnessed a few accidents in the past several days after the civic body undertook the digging activities. \"I have seen several two-wheelers falling as their drivers fail to maintain balance. The work is going on at a snail's pace and authorities concerned are not bothered about the safety of vehicle users,\" said Padmanabha Rao, a resident.When TOI contacted corporator Jecintha Alfred, she said that she had already brought the issue to the notice of corporation officials. \"I have seen many bikers falling on the road and complained to the officials several times. People find it difficult to ride at night as the pile of debris pose threats,\" she added.Assistant engineer Naresh Shenoy told TOI that the corporation had plans of making the road a four-lane concrete stretch. \"We could not go ahead with four-laning proposal as people raised objection against cutting of trees on the roadside. Hence, we made it a two-lane stretch and concreted the median space with minimum thickness,\" he said and added that the re-concreting work on the median was delayed due to rain and it would be completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104391", "title": "'BJP should announce Nitish as PM candidate'", "text": "PATNA: After the recent two rounds of pre-poll opinion polls pertaining to the 2014 parliamentary elections, the state JD(U) has come around to the view that the BJP, which leads the NDA, should declare Bihar CM Nitish Kumar as prime ministerial candidate if the BJP-led combine has to make a clean sweep of the forthcoming parliamentary polls in the country.In fact, such a thinking has been fast crystallizing within the second tier leadership of the JD(U) about which rural works department minister and the party's general secretary Bhim Singh articulated on Friday without any sense of hesitation.\"The BJP has organisational network in the country, but the JD(U) has and can give proper leadership. Together, with such a formation, the NDA can make a clean sweep of the 2014 parliamentary elections, leaving the rival far behind,\" Singh said, adding at the same time that the JD(U) is a component of the NDA and any talk about its possible flirtation with the Third Front would be a misnomer.Incidentally, the two rounds of the opinion polls have given clear lead to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi compared to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, but the opinion polls have also shown that overwhelming majority of the people of Bihar have shown satisfaction with the performance of Nitish and in a similar proportion they have expressed their desire to see him as PM of the country, Singh said.Moreover, his performance has also been rated highly in the country, so much so that he has been credited to have brought a turnaround in Bihar, which used to be dismissed as irredeemable BIMARU state, on the one hand, and a difficult state to govern, on the other, Singh added.Curiously, both Nitish, along with JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav, have gone on record, saying that the BJP, being the biggest party in the NDA combine, ought to give its own prime ministerial candidate. However, Singh, on Friday, put a spanner: \"What our CM has said, everyone in the party respects it, but it is also true the BJP should take into account the opinion of people. If the NDA has to sweep the parliamentary elections, then Nitish is the obvious prime ministerial candidate. I repeat, the BJP has organization, but we have leadership that has acceptability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100495", "title": "A crusader for nature", "text": "KOLKATA: A passionate nature lover, impulsive at times and a hardliner on conservation of wetlands and trees, it was Mukuta Mukherjee's strident opposition to concretization of embankments that led to KMC revising its 'beautification drive' in lakes and ponds in the city.According to Wildlife Protection Society of India's S R Banerjee, she had compellingly argued about the need to preserve the ecology of wetlands when KMC was going about paving embankments of ponds and lakes with funds from ADB. \"She was full of life and fought spiritedly even when a tree branch was felled. At times, she carried it a bit too far. But she did it with all sincerity,\" said Banerjee.It was again Mukuta who drew scientist A K Ghosh's attention to the West Bengal Tree Felling Rules, which had four points that were objectionable since they would allow fairly grown up trees to be cut down. \"Had she not pointed it out to me, I would have remained in the dark and not taken up the issue with the former chief minister. Finally, three of the four points that were raised got amended,\" said Ghosh.Environmentalist Bonani Kakkar described her as determined, sincere and honest. \"She was extremely dedicated, though slightly lacking in direction. I just can't believe a spirited girl like her committed suicide,\" said Kakkar.Arjan Basu Roy of Nature Mates Nature Club, who began working with Mukuta when he was only a teenager, recounted how aggressive she was at times when taking up issues close to her heart. \"She antagonized a lot of people in Golf Green because she would not allow trees to be pruned,\" he said.\"Her character just does not go with someone who would commit suicide. For a person who fought so passionately to save a tree branch to succumb to a personal tragedy is hard to believe,\"said green activist Purnima Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kambopura (karnal)", "code": "16100672", "title": "Karnal sarpanch's son fights for justice", "text": "KAMBOPURA (KARNAL): Rajender Singh, a 33-year-old barber from Karnal, has taken his fight for justice to the doorsteps of one the most powerful politicians of Haryana - former state transport minister Om Parkash Jain and ex-chief parliamentary secretary Zile Ram.His father Karam Singh (58), an ex-sarpanch of a village in Karnal, was found dead on June 7 last year, a day after he lodged a complaint against Jain and Sharma, for allegedly duping him and his relatives of Rs 12 lakh with the promise of providing them government jobs.Allegations about their involvement in his murder had led to the ouster of Jain and Sharma, both of whom have denied any role in the killing.Despite facing threats to life and continuous pressure on his family, Rajender moved the high court and finally got a CBI probe ordered against the two MLAs on Thursday.Rajender says that he is confident of getting justice. \"My fight had started the moment, we found my father seriously injured, who later died,\" he told TOI on Friday.\"Police did not even mention the names of both politicians as accused in the FIR despite a written complaint against them. When we protested, the administration had assured us to arrest the culprits with in 48 hours but nobody was arrested even after a year,\" he said, adding \"Even efforts were made to turn the murder into a suicide.\"Rajender is also hurt that his family 35 year association with the Congress could not prove helpful in getting justice. \"My father was in jail for eight days in 1978 during the satyagraha agitation of Indira Gandhi against the Janta party government,\" Rajender said while showing a photo of his father with former PM Indira Gandhi.\"In all these years, we always remained poling agents of Congress candidates. After my father's murder, senior politicians came to our home for condolence but not for help,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16089984", "title": "BJP threatens to move court against chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP on Friday threatened to move court against CM Prithviraj Chavan and other ministers, holding them responsible for the Mantralaya fire in June. After the incident, the party had filed an FIR at the Marine Drive police station, seeking action against Chavan, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal, disaster management minister Patangarao Kadam and two bureaucrats.The FIR sought action for negligence and under Fire Safety Act and Disaster Management Act. But the BJP claimed that no action has been taken. This, it said, was revealed by an RTI query. \"Cops are not acting under someone's directive,\" said Devendra Phadanvis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16090076", "title": "Textile traders may resume VAT protest", "text": "HYDERABAD: Textile traders may restart their agitation against the government as the latter has reportedly not worked towards fulfilling its promise to abolish Value Added Tax. Traders allege that commercial tax officials are seizing their goods and serving notices demanding tax payment as per VAT stipulations when a government order scrapping 5% tax is due.The state government had in July 2011 imposed VAT on textiles sparking intense protests from the traders. The government did not buckle despite a state-wide eight-day trade holiday declared by the traders in January this year. The commercial taxes department continued detaining bales and urging traders to register for Tax Identification Numbers ( TIN).However this April the traders were able to negotiate an alternative tax mode with the government. The government agreed to 1% tax on turnover and promised traders speedy issue of an ordinance to the effect. But four months after, traders are unsure if the government will keep its word. \"The chief minister had assured us that an order would be released soon but there has been no progress. The commercial tax officers are detaining bales and demanding a penalty of 5% in addition to tax component, from July 2011. About 5,000 bales have been detained since by-polls concluded in June,\" said office bearer Prakash Ammanabolu of Andhra Pradesh Federation of Textile Associations. It has been learnt that one of the ministers opposed the trader's proposal denying the ordinance governor's approval. The proposal is now pending with the cabinet.When contacted, commissioner, commercial taxes, Suresh Chanda said that his department was awaiting instructions from the government. \"We are waiting for instructions but until they come we are bound by the law. However seizes are being made not just for non-payment of tax but also for not registering with the department, which is mandatory,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122846", "title": "\u2018Can\u2019t I fall ill?\u2019", "text": "Samantha, who was recuperating after a sudden bout of 'mystery illness' for the last few months, is back in action. Taking time off between shooting and dubbing, she tells CT how much it means for her to be back in front of the camera.So, back after a break? (Laughs) Yes. I have been wanting to take off on a vacation after I finished shooting for all my films. But I never thought I would be taking bed rest instead of travelling! But that said, it feels wonderful to face the camera again. It has been a tough ride to reach the position where I am now, and I would never give it up for anything.Were you nervous on the first day back? I tried my best to stay calm and composed, but it's difficult to face the camera after being at home for two months. And I'm grateful to my director and co-stars for bearing with me. They were very supportive and went out of their way to make me comfortable.What exactly is this 'mystery illness' that you were suffering from? I'm a very private person and don't discuss my life on a public forum. But there was a lot of speculation about my health condition. I was appalled when I read about the possible medical complications that I could be suffering from in the media. But I was just taking medication for low immunity!But there were reports that you had developed rashes and were suffering from a skin condition...No. I had developed some sort of an infection and my system was resisting the medicine I was taking. So, it took me a while to get back on my feet. I just had to take complete bed rest and not strain myself. Am I not even allowed to fall ill?But that cost you two big movies in Tamil - Mani Ratnam's Kadal and Shankar's 'I'... Yes , but I don't dwell on the past. What has happened has happened, and I am someone who usually doesn't sit and regret or brood. In the last two months, I have learnt a great deal, and have started looking at the finer things in life. I feel blessed to be working on the films that I am. Also, I have one of my films releasing every month from October. So, I am looking forward to them.You are dubbing for Neethane En Ponvasantham... It was Gautham Menon's decision, and I'm grateful to him for trusting me with it! He had told me at the beginning that I have to dub my own lines, and I started preparing for it. I know Tamil well, and so, it has been quite easy so far.Have you signed on any new film now? No, not yet. I have to finish shooting for the films that I have committed to before. But I can't wait to listen to scripts and sign on new ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16103809", "title": "Viral fever, typhoid cases rising", "text": "PATNA: With climate changing everyday, Patnaites are bearing the brunt of it as they are facing a host of diseases. While all age groups are susceptible to them, children are the most vulnerable lot.Noted physician Dr Achal Sinha told TOI, \"Viral fever cases are rising everyday. It has almost become an epidemic.\" Experts say the change of weather at short intervals and high humidity provide best grounds for the influenza virus to breed. High fever and body ache trouble viral fever patients the most. Dr Sinha adds, \"Extreme weakness persists for a few days even after the fever subsides. Those with weak immunity system are the most susceptible to it.\" If a patient having viral fever sneezes, then his droplets may infect the persons in vicinity. If a family member is suffering from it, others might also become its target, experts said.The HoD of medicine department of PMCH, J K L Das said typhoid cases are also on the rise. It is the paediatric department which gets the maximum patients of these diseases, he said.The head of NMCH's paediatrics department and president of Bihar unit of IMA, A K Thakur said what adds to complications in children is self-medication by parents. He added influenza virus affects very easily because its incubation period is merely 2-5 days. Typhoid cases are also increasing. \"Besides, we are also getting malaria patients in large numbers, especially from Jamui and Lakhisarai districts. Children suffering from waterborne diseases like jaundice are also coming.\"He advised that if a child is suffering from viral fever, then he must drink water at short intervals. \"Mothers must continuously breast-feed their babies. However, if a mother is having fever, she must cover child properly.\" He added children must not be allowed to eat food from outside and come in contact with affected people.Dr Diwakar Tejaswi said one must avoid temperature variation as much as possible. Children must be given flu vaccine to avoid influenza. However, he added, \"Be it influenza, malaria or typhoid, hygiene is the key to avoid all of them. Fresh food and clean water must be consumed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096382", "title": "Govt calls for report on BMC heritage panel\u2019s suggestions", "text": "MUMBAI: In light of the public outcry against the civic heritage committee's latest recommendations, the chief minister has directed the BMC commissioner as well as the panel to submit reports on the matter. After going through them, Prithviraj Chavan would take a decision.He said on Friday that while he understood public opinion on the heritage issue, it was important to ensure that the city's heritage wealth was not lost in the quest for development. \"Many structures and precincts in Mumbai have historic value. It is important to ensure that they are... conserved effectively. The heritage tradition of the city has to be preserved,\" Chavan said. \"This makes the role of the heritage committee important.\"With several objections already submitted against new inclusions on the list, a senior civic official said the CM's review could lead to the deletion of a good number of structures from it.A delegation led by Shiv Sena working president Uddhav Thackeray met Chavan to demand a reconsideration of the new heritage list. The Sena leader said the proposal to include Shivaji Park as a heritage precinct would stall redevelopment plans of several old and dilapidated buildings in the area. \"While we support the plan to conserve structures and places of historical and significant value, the move to include residential buildings on the list is baffling,\" Thackeray said.He demanded that instructions be issued to delete such areas from the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107813", "title": "\u20183 empty shells recovered\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As team of Ferozepur police came to Chandigarh in search of a notorious criminal, Gurpreet Singh Sekhon, panic gripped Sector 34 as the accused managed to escape. Sources said though Punjab police party was in plain clothes, Sekhon reportedly identified one of the members of the team. SHO of police station, Sector 34, Kirpal Singh, said three empty shells, belonging to a 9mm revolver, were recovered from the spot. A case has been registered at Sector-34 police station. Meanwhile, Amandeep alias Happy Deora, in whose murder connection Sekhon was wanted, too had a criminal background and was wanted in several cases of attempt to murder, Arms Act. Deora was arrested by Chandigarh Police along with another criminal Jaswinder Singh Rocky, who was wanted in the murder of a gangster Prabhjinder Singh Dimpy in September 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092968", "title": "Lawyers strike work to oppose ACB arrest", "text": "JAIPUR: The trial court and high court at Jaipur on Friday witnessed a deserted look as the lawyers struck work in protest against the arrest of their colleague by the ACB in a bribe case.The Jaipur Bar Association had announced a strike which was supported by the president of Rajasthan high court bar association Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma. \"We are against the illegal action of the ACB in exceeding its powers and acting beyond its capacity and jurisdiction. Trapping a lawyer for allegedly managing a police official to seek some favour for his clients needs judicial scrutiny. In a show of solidarity, the HC bar association also refrained from judicial work for a day,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16092355", "title": "UP govt asked to allocate land for AIIMS-like institute in Sonia's constituency", "text": "NEW DELHI: A prototype of an All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's turf is getting closer to reality.The Union health ministry has asked the Uttar Pradesh government to allocate land in Rae Bareli for an AIIMS-like institute.The UP government has also slipped in additional requests, and has asked the ministry for AIIMS prototypes to be set up in Purvanchal, Bundelkhand and Rohilkhand regions in the state.The Union health ministry, however, is yet to take a call on these requests. Earlier, the ministry had turned down a similar request by Kerala and Maharashtra.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had said requests for setting up of AIIMS-like institutions were also received from Jharkhand and Delhi.\"At present, there is no proposal to set up more AIIMS like Institutions,\" Azad had said. After years of wait, the six new AIIMS-like institutions \u2014 one each in Patna, Raipur , Bhopal , Bhubaneswar, Jodhpur and Rishikesh \u2014 that are part of the first phase of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Surakasha Yojana (PMSSY) will offer undergraduate medical education (MBBS) from next month.Azad said that each of these institutes are taking in 50 students for the MBBS course in each institute.Besides Rae Bareli, an AIIMS-like institute is also going to come up at Raiganj in West Bengal during the second phase of PMSSY. Each of the hospitals will have 960 beds, including 500 beds for the medical college hospital, 300 beds for speciality/super speciality and 100 beds for ICU/accident trauma.Sources say the cumulative cost of the project would be nearly Rs 10,000 crore.In AIIMS, Delhi, around 10,000 patients attend OPDs daily. Lack of faculty was also increasing waiting time for patients requiring an intervention.It could take as long as two years to get a date for a simple MRI scan, while a CAT scan has a waiting period of over four months. For patients requiring a total hip replacement or a total knee replacement, the waiting period is five months and six months, respectively. Those who need a surgery to remove a malignant tumor have to wait another six months, while those carrying a benign tumor will get a date of surgery 24 months later.Ministry officials said the colleges will be functional from this year, while the hospitals will be in place by early 2013.\"For the first year of medical education, students don't require hospital visits. That's why the colleges will start from next year,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16094759", "title": "'Pacheco's trial without speaker's sanction'", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, who was sentenced to six months jail term in the power department engineer assault case of 2006, has pointed out before the additional sessions court at Margao that no sanction was taken from the speaker of the legislative assembly before prosecuting him.Pacheco's counsel, Surendra Desai, argued before judge Vijaya Pol that the consent of the speaker of the legislative assembly was necessary before prosecuting the legislator. As per court records, no such sanction was accorded in this case, Desai argued. Pacheco has filed an application before the additional sessions court challenging the sentence before the ASC.In April 2011, Pacheco was sentenced to one year imprisonment by a judicial magistrate first class court for assaulting a junior engineer of the electricity department, Kapil Natekar. In October 2011, following an appeal filed by Pacheco, assistant sessions court judge Irshad Agha reduced the sentence to six months simple imprisonment. The session's court judge has posted the next hearing to September 26, when the court will hear the prosecution's arguments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16100182", "title": "Rights body petitions J&K; panel, seeks DNA tests on remains in unmarked graves", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Association of Parents of Disappeared Persons (APDP) has petitioned the J&K; Human Rights Commission to direct government authorities to investigate and establish identities of those buried in unmarked graves across the Valley through DNA testing and other forensic methods.The APDP sought prosecution of those \"involved in this heinous crime of enforced disappearances irrespective of their backgrounds or posts they hold'' on the eve of the international day of the disappeared.Nearly 500 cases have been filed before the commission seeking directions to the government for DNA tests on the remains found in the unmarked graves. Initially, the state government refused to exhume the remains. But chief minister Omar Abdullah last year asked members of the association to give their blood samples for DNA tests.APDP program coordinator Khurram Parvez accused the government of dilatory tactics. \"Had the chief minister been serious, he would have directed the authorities to identify the unmarked graves and also asked them to get in touch with the APDP for investigations and DNA tests,\" Parvez said.APDP spokesperson Tahira Begum told TOI that they submitted 132 fresh cases of enforced disappearances from Banihal in December 2011, regarding which the investigations are continuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095291", "title": "Workers\u2019 rally derails traffic in South Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An organized workers' rally threw traffic out of gear in south and central Mumbai as thousands marched on arterial roads towards Azad Maidan. The traffic police were present on roads in large numbers, but motorists complained of inconvenience.Vehicular traffic between Worli and CST was affected between 11.30am and 2pm. \"We were told 1,000-1,500 workers will participate in the rally. For most of the route, we intermittently halted vehicles as the marchers passed. When they reached the JJ flyover, we sent them on the north-bound arm and diverted the traffic under the bridge,\" a police officer said.However, motorists complained of congestion below the JJ flyover. \"It was chaotic. The traffic police had not made any prior announcements,\" said IT professional Anamika Gokhale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16102627", "title": "Villagers catch hold of 3 thieves", "text": "BHOPAL: In an incident pointing to how those living on the city outskirts have taken up upon themselves the responsibility to protect their property, villagers in Islam Nagar and Devalkhedi in Bhopal caught three sandalwood thieves on Thursday night.When thieves attacked them, residents of two villages under Sukhi Sewania police station opened fire and overpowered them. The villagers caught the thieves and kept calling the police till the policemen reached in the morning.The three accused, Imran, Sharafat and Jeevan were caught on the Bhopal bypass road after they were cutting sandalwood tree, which they chopped from the field of Chand Mohammad.On getting idea of the incident, the villagers chased the sandalwood thieves who, in turn, retaliated as they attacked villagers with sharp-edged weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16107660", "title": "ICCR to engage different \u2018gharanas\u2019 to perform in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: City may get a glimpse of performances from different 'Gharana' under one roof. Notably, Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), Varanasi region is planning to organise a programme in, which artists belonging to different gharanas will come and perform in the city.According to regional officer, ICCR, Anuraag Singh, the objective of the programme will be to familiarise people with different styles of each gharana. \"Each gharana has its own style of dancing, singing and playing musical instruments. Efforts will be made to call people from all gharanas including Lucknow, Jaipur, Amritsar and others.Apart from introducing different gharanas to the city, it will also help cultural exchange of information and will also enliven the concept of 'gharanas' among people. The plan for it is still under pipeline\", he informed.NER to organize cultural function from Sept 3: In response to the call of Bharat Scouts and Guides, New Delhi, North Eastern Railway (NER), Varanasi division, is going to hold a regional level youth forum at NER auditorium in Lahartara from September 3 to September 9.Over 100 scouts and guides from northern region would take part in the event. Teams from Delhi, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Navodaya Vidyalaya, North Railways (NR), NER and others will arrive on the occasion. Debates, discussions, voluntary services, peace march and cultural programmes will be held during the event.Villagers torch tractor trolley: In protest against the killing of a two-year-old boy, the local villagers torched a tractor trolley at Rameshwar Paterchak village under Jansa police station on Friday afternoon.According to reports, Priyanshu (2), son of Sujeet Patel, was playing outside his house and a tractor trolley overran him. He died on the spot.The villagers torched the tractor trolley and thrashed the driver badly.The police reached there after getting information and took the driver under custody. The fire brigade was called to extinguish the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16089756", "title": "Adani promises jobs, youths withdraw stir", "text": "GONDIA: Over 400 youths withdrew their agitation against Adani thermal plant on Thursday following assurance from the management that they will be given jobs in the company. The youths of Kawalewada village in Tiroda tehsil were protesting over the management's reluctance to employ local youths in the plant.Most of the villagers had given away their land either for water pipeline from Dhapewada Lift Irrigation project or power supply line to ensure functioning of Adani plant. They had done so hoping that they would be given jobs at the plant.In fact, farmers from Ghuamadhawada, Khairbodi, Kachenwani, Mendipur, Bhiwapur, Chikhali and Garada village surrounding the thermal plant were assured that one member of each family, which had contributed to the development of the plant, would get employment. But the plant management has failed to keep its promise. The resentment among villagers increased after some local youths were terminated from the plant recently.on June 21.To protest this, the villagers staged dharna in front of the plant on Thursday. Representatives of the villagers, plant officers and Tiroda tehsildar Kalyan Dahate sorted out the issue. Adani thermal plant management has assured to employ local youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mahali", "code": "16108099", "title": "Hospital website mentions Kaushal as director", "text": "MAHALI: Senior Punjab Civil Medical Service (PCMS) officer Dr Sameer Kaushal has been mentioned as the director of Amar Hospital, Mohali, in the official website of the hospital. Dr Kaushal also stated in \"words from the director\" that, \"We also extend facility for pre-employment health checkup and executive health checkup on special package to corporate, companies and PSUs.\" A senior police official told TOI, \"Apart from scrutinizing the website of Amar Hospital we have also confiscated records related to Amar Hospital and prima facie found that name of hospital is on the name of Dr Kaushal's late father,Amar Chand Sharma. Amar Hospital is a trust, but most the trust members are relatives of Dr Kaushal.\" Police have also started the process of examining the five bank accounts, lockers and property details of accused Dr Kaushal, who was caught red-handed while private practicing being a government servant in Amar Hospital on August 30. Dr Kaushal, who was posted as a head at primary health centre (PHC) in Sangrur district, was caught red-handed by Punjab chief parliamentary secretary, health, Navjot Kaur. Accused Dr Kaushal was produced in the district courts and sent in police custody for two days on Friday. However, giving a reference of the guidelines of apex court, defense counsels of accused Kaushal claimed in the court that, \"Police cannot slap charges of Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988 against a government doctor for doing private practice and charges of Section 420 (cheating) are baseless.\" Police demanded the custody of five days for Kaushal, but court granted the custody only for two days. Dr Kaushal, who is in police custody, claimed, \"I was scheduled to retire on August 31 and the complainant is settling personal scores.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16130216", "title": "Rihanna slammed by PETA over snakeskin boots", "text": "Rihanna has been branded \"creepy\" and a \"freak\" by animal rights campaigners after she was recently photographed outside the Rose nightclub in central London sporting a pair of thigh-high black-and-white boots apparently made from reptile hide.Angry officials at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) have spoken out to brand Rihanna's footwear \"callous\", the Daily Express reported.\"Rihanna may not have a clue that snakes killed for boots are often nailed to a tree and skinned alive. Of course, they can't go on Oprah to cry about it,\" a PETA spokesman said.They were apparently referring to the recent tearful appearance of the singer at Oprah Winfrey's show, during which she wept as she recalled her doomed romance with R 'n' B star Chris Brown.\"Wearing reptile skin is creepy and callous, and it makes her look even more out of touch.\"\"She and Lady Gaga seem so desperate to be freaks instead of recognized for their talents that you have to wonder if they realize that they are being laughed at.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096458", "title": "Student dies in car crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old MBBS student was killed when his speeding car rammed into a tower wagon here on Friday morning. Another youth was also injured in the incident.Police said the incident was reported around 5 am from west Delhi's Rajouri Garden. The victim Naman Preet, a resident of Rajouri Garden, was returning in his Fortuner car from Gurgaon after attending a late night party .\"He rammed his car into the tower wagon standing on the road,\" said a police officer. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. Dev,19, who was standing on the tower wagon to rectify road lamp problem, fell from the vehicle after the collision and received injuries. He was discharged from hospital after first aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099088", "title": "Poor rainfall fallout: Jharkhand declared drought-hit", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government on Friday declared the entire state drought-hit as crop production was badly hampered in all districts because of poor rainfall during initial months of the monsoon season.State cabinet secretary N N Pandey said after reviewing the condition of crops in the districts in wake of delayed monsoon, the cabinet was convinced that the entire state should be declared drought-hit.\"Even if there was good rainfall in many districts, the farmers could not cultivate their land because of poor rain in initial days,\" said Pandey. Sources in the state government said the cabinet had initially announced Rs 410 crore relief package and was considering to announce only six districts as drought-hit. \"When the detailed report was tabled at the cabinet meeting, the ministers were convinced that the state should be declared drought-hit as in most places seedling could not be raised on time,\" said a source.The council of minister also approved the state energy policy. The most important point of the policy is that every household in the state has to be electrified by 2014. \"No household even in remote areas of the state will be left out,\" Pandey said adding that the state energy department would also focus on reducing transmission and distribution losses and improve the transmission network. Among other decisions approved by the cabinet include reinstatement of 19 officers who were dismissed from services for allegedly adopting unfair means in the second civil services examination conducted by Jharkhand Public Service Commission. The officers were dismissed by the state government on the basis of recommendations made by the state vigilance bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100170", "title": "Stations get blue-and-white makeover", "text": "KOLKATA: Government buildings, flyovers, boulevards, dividers, railings and now railway stations. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's dream to turn the city blue-and-white seems to go in the right direction.The rail authorities have started to paint the platforms, walls and sheds blue and white. In the Sealdah south section, stations like Jadavpur, Dhakuria and Sealdah south platforms are now getting a fresh coat of paint. Even work at BR Singh Hospital has started to give the railway hospital in Sealdah a new look.Rail authorities have remained tightlipped on this matter so far. The spokespersons of Eastern and Southeastern Railway said that no instruction of painting the rail premises has been given by the railway authorities. However, Sealdah DRM Suchitto Kumar Das has admitted that walls at several places of Sealdah station have been painted blue and white. \"The decision was taken at the local level, no such circular was issued from the division,\" he said.Many have started expressing their displeasure over the railway authorities breaking the prescribed colour code with such new combination. A section of officials also said the enforcement of this new colour scheme was nothing but a \"waste of money\".It is mentioned in the Railways works manual that platforms and walls should have only aluminium or dark battleship grey colours. Even all steel work of platform shelters should be coloured either in grey, aluminium or red. Doors, windows and other structural wooden works inside offices should have white cream or brown.Earlier, following instructions of Mamata Banerjee when she was the rail minister, the platforms were coloured yellow and green, breaking the conventional color code.Shaoli Mitra, the chairperson of the culture and heritage committee of the Railways, confirmed that the rail authorities did not discuss anything with the committee on this new colouring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "yavatamal", "code": "16091175", "title": "Four injured in cylinder blast", "text": "YAVATAMAL: Four persons, including two women , were seriously injured after an LPG cylinder burst at a house in Bangar nagar on Friday afternoon. The impact was so huge that the concrete slab gave way and the walls collapsed, besides damaging an adjacent house.The house belongs to one Sadashiv Lokhare, 68, who along with his wife Padma, 65, daughter-in-law Tanuja, 28 and their neighbour, Keshav Mandale, 60, sustained serious injuries in the blast. They were rushed to government medical college. Later, two of them were shifted to Savangi-based Datta Meghe Medical College. Their condition is critical. A one-year-old escaped unhurt in the blast.The Indane gas cylinder was brought from M/s Rajani Gas. In afternoon, Tanuja found that gas from the cylinder was not reaching the stove. She sought help from in laws but to no avail. They then called Keshav, who tried to remove the regulator but the cylinder burst.District guardian minister Nitin Raut, MLA Nilesh Parvekar, collector Ashwin Mudgal, ZP member Balasaheb Mangulkar, SDO Milind Shegaokar and Teshildar Dnyaneshwar Bhagat, SDO Prerana Deshbhratar of Kelapur visited the spot.Raut instructed the collector to assess the damages and submit a report for providing ex-gratia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16095198", "title": "No stitch in sight", "text": "PANAJI: The Panaji KTC bus stand presently sees around 1,200 bus departures everyday. It also houses around 158 shops besides the offices of the transport departmentThe former Congress government had sanctioned Rs 1.10 crore for the upgradation of the bus stand office building and Rs 2 crore for the upgradation and renovation of the bus stand and office of the assistant director of transportChief minister Manohar Parrikar has also assured, in his budget speech , to \"develop\" Mapusa, Margao and Panaji KTC bus stands through the Goa state infrastructure development corporationWhile designs for a new bus stand to replace Margao's 'shed' are almost finalized, KTC officials say the Panaji stand, with its built-up structure, will have to be either demolished or expanded. A reconstruction is favoured by the KTC, but no proposal has been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102460", "title": "One picked up for SMS threat to northeast nodal officer", "text": "BANGALORE: City police have reportedly picked up a man from KHB Colony, Bijapur in connection with the threat SMS sent to DCP (Intelligence) VS D'Souza on August 26. The officer on Thursday received another threat message from a mobile phone bearing the number 7204713919. D'Souza was appointed as the nodal officer to address the fears of northeastern population in the city.The apprehended man, whose name is yet to be revealed , has denied any connection with the threat, but on verification it was found that the SIM was issued in his name but was used by his wife.\"The person is suspected to have some connections with a few Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) activists lodged in the Bijapur jail. The jail is located very close to the KHB Colony. The man is being questioned and we will soon know whether he has any accomplices ,\" said an officer.TERROR EXPERTD'Souza has been instrumental in cracking several cases related to terror modules in the state. Among those arrested by D'Souza is LeT commander Bilal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103570", "title": "Billabong students celebrate India festival", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of Billabong High Grade 4 students celebrated India festival on Thursday. Students presented plays, dance highlighting the important events of ancient, medieval and modern India.The students also highlighted the struggle for the independence, depicting Mangal Pandey's sacrifice and Mahatma Gandhi's satyagraha. They also gave a power point presentation 'India Today' reflecting the achievements of India after the Independence.Last but not the least, was \"Dhaba\", a performance, which included various cuisines from throughout the country.St. Montfort wins St. Thomas cup: After five exciting matches, St. Montfort won the seventh St. Thomas Basketball Tournament by defeating DPS in the finals on Friday. The scores of the finals remained 76 to 27. The winning trophy was received by Anand Naidu, captain of the St. Montfort. Vishal Nivariya of the winning team was adjudged as the best player as he scored 30 points.Cycle race in Army Public School: Army Public School, Bhopal organized cycling race on Friday at Neori hills. The event was organized to for 'Go Green Drive' and in an attempt to promote \"Awareness for Good Health and Fitness.\" Around 150 students participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16125636", "title": "Isha takes break from Jhalak due to injury!", "text": "With the shocking news of Isha Sharvani's injury making headlines, fans seem to be worried.Isha who is one of the favourite contenders to win Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV recently injured herself while performing. According to a new twist on the show, renowned international dancers will take to the Jhalak stage and train the 6 finalists. It was during one such rehearsal that Isha injured her elbow and the petite dancer has been asked by the doctors to rest for four weeks. Nut the question on everyone's mind is whether Isha will make it back to the show or not. If things take a while longer, will Isha be replaced? It's time to wait and watch.Wishing Isha a speedy recovery!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16094866", "title": "Two flesh-trade gangs busted", "text": "CALANGUTE: A Bangladeshi girl and four others were rescued after police busted two gangs operating prostitution rackets in Calangute. PI Nolasco Raposo said the raids were conducted over the last two days and six persons have been arrested.One gang was busted after the police kept a tab on the activities of some persons from North India and Mumbai operating in the coastal belt.Following the raid on a Porvorim flat, the police arrested Raj Sharma, 45, from Mumbai, Umesh Borkar and Sangita Sharma from UP and one Marinama Bi. The police also rescued three girls, including the Bangladeshi.Raposo said the Bangladeshi girl had been recently released from the state protective home, Apna Ghar, after she was sent there from an earlier rescue from trafficking. She has told police that she came to India when she was 12. She is now 20.Earlier, on August 30, police intercepted a car at Calangute believed to be used to supply prostitutes.After laying a trap, police found two girls and Samir Sharma, 23, from Mumbai and Lalit Kumar Mangalkar from UP in the car. Police said Mangalkar has been residing in Goa for sometime.The rescued girls have told police that the pimps were charging customers around 15,000 per hour and 30,000 for the night, while they were paid 8,000 per day.Offences under Sections 4, 5 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act 1956 have been registered against the arrested accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16109858", "title": "Stafy Crowned Miss Fresher", "text": "LUDHIANA: Guru Nanak Girls' College, Model Town, dazzled with excitement as senior hostellers organized a freshers' party to welcome the new entrants on Friday. The cultural show commenced with a short speech by principal Dr Charanjit Mahal. Welcoming the new students, she assured that efforts would be made to develop the all-round personality of students. It was followed by an entertaining extravaganza comprising dance, songs, skits and humorous choreography. But it was \"Miss Fresher\" contest which stole the show. The competition saw 42 students sashaying down the ramp amidst the latest beats. There was also a question-answer round. With their costumes, accessories, beauty, intelligence and presence of mind each girl vied with another for the \"coveted\" title. Soon, the results followed. Stafy was declared \"Miss Fresher\",Kirandeep and Gurnoor were the first and second runners-up, respectively. Kamaljeet walked away with the title of \"Miss Beautiful Smile\"; Harsimran with \"Miss Elegant\"; Kiran with \"Miss Best Outfit\" and Jasmine with \"Miss Catwalk\".Faculty members Dr Surinder Bhathal, Sukhwinder Cheema and Dr Jaskirat Kaur were the judges. The principal crowned the winners and presented them tokens of appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16102289", "title": "Voices for conservation of heritage building get louder", "text": "MYSORE: The expert from Indian Heritage Cities Network Foundation, Govindan Kutty, on Friday continued inspection of Lansdowne building and visited the shop which was damaged following a roof collapse.This comes ahead of a meeting convened by DC P S Vastrad with members of the experts' panel constituted by the government to decide on the fate of the city's landmark. They are looking into the draft proposals contained in Master Plan-2031 published by Mysore Urban Development Authority where a chapter is devoted for the conservation of heritage buildings in the city.Civil engineering expert C S Vishwanath, chairman of Karnataka Quality Control Taskforce, will be in Mysore on Saturday for a meeting. The report is expected to be submitted on Monday. \"In conservation, demolition and reconstruction is always the last option. The panel should understand this,\" a conservationist, who didn't wish to be named, told TOI.\"There are innumerable examples of damaged age-old buildings being restored. While it is okay for the experts in civil engineering to focus on its structural stability, they should also look into as to why a part of the building sustained damage? It is purely because of lack of maintenance. When over two-centuries-old Wellington Lodge and Govt Guest House are in good shape, the panel should know why Lansdowne building could not achieve it?\" he asked.N S Rangaraju, professor in ancient history and archaeology at University of Mysore, who is member of the heritage panel set up by the department of heritage and museum, said: \"It is because of MCC's negligence that the monument sustained damage, which can be fixed luckily. The authorities should have consulted the heritage committee. It is not too late either.\"Rangaraju, who was part of the panel that toured the city and identified the building with heritage significance according to their association with history and architecture, said: \"We identified monuments and added them to the list. We know their strengths and weaknesses.\" \"The building suffered in the crossfire between MCC and the trading community. It's high time to decide on this,\" Echanur Kumar, member of the heritage committee, said.There are apprehensions among conservationists, given that the heritage department has called a meeting on September 6, while district minister S A Ramdas has said that they will decide on the 120-year-old building on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108668", "title": "Worried about future, UT identifies land", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration is identifying land for future residential needs of the city in the southern sectors where redensification of government housing will be allowed. Besides, there are also plans to allow need-based expansion of villages falling in UT. Though there is not much vacant space left in the city, the draft of master plan (to be finalized) has proposed to earmark pockets behind Sector 38 (West), along Sarangpur on way to Mullanpur, behind Dhanas and the vacant land along Punjab boundary beside Sector 56 for future housing. Redensification of government houses has been planned for sectors 19, 15, 19, 27, 28 and 24. Besides, housing schemes for UT employees have already been finalized by the Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) in sectors 56, 53 and 61. The board has gone slow on building houses for general category and is currently focusing on its slum rehabilitation programme. It was after a long gap that a housing scheme was launched in 2011 but there was a mad rush of applicants for the 160 flats put up for grabs. The government houses where redensification has been planned are mostly bearing brick structures are more than six decades old and are in a state of neglect and occupying prime land of city. During the process of redensification the technological devices, new materials and space requirements all are subsumed in the process of architectural design. The new built form would be designed to be energy efficient with zero discharge adequate parking facilities, low rise and of an architectural character of Chandigarh style of architecture. The draft of master plan has been sent for peer review by architects before it is finalized by the administration. After it is notified, land use will be fixed for the entire city to ensure that there are no violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "fazilka", "code": "16104268", "title": "Dead rat found in school midday meal", "text": "FAZILKA: A dead rat found in the midday meal served to students of S D Senior Secondary School's elementary wing on Friday has exposed the blatant carelessness of the authorities in keeping up with the primary objective of the scheme - to provide a healthy diet. The rodent was spotted by a staffer at the time the students began to eat and the food was being distributed, thus aggravating any possible risk of an ailment.The matter was brought to the notice of the school management though the distribution of food was instantly put to an end. The vendor was summoned and the food returned. Vipin Kumar, who is the vendor at an NGO 'Istri Shakti' and given the task of supplying food to schools in the district claimed that freshly-prepared \"kadi chawal\" had been sent to the institution in the morning and the management had accepted the material after inspection.When questioned about the presence of a dead rodent, Vipin said tersely: \"This could have happened in the school wherever they store the midday meal till its served. We thoroughly check the meals beforehand and carefully package the dishes. The entire stock was called back after the complaint.\" Fazilka district education officer Sandip Dhria had sought a detailed report from the school principal.On coming to know of the happening, a number of parents gathered outside the school protesting and demanding a stern action. \"Seems they want to kill our kids. What do talk of standards, they do not even ensure the minimum hygiene,\" rued a parent.This has not been an isolated case of adulteration in midday meals. Earlier, reports came in of the presence of worms in food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16097757", "title": "Farmer suicide: Cop goes missing", "text": "RAJKOT: A police sub-inspector (PSI) in Lakhtar town of Surendranagar district seems to have rubbed his seniors the wrong way by mentioning crop failure as the reason for a farmer committing suicide in Lakhtar.The PSI is untraceable after he took the complaint. Shaken by large number of farmers' suicide, police stations have been asked not to cite crop failure as the reason.According to sources, PSI I M Chudasama had registered the complaint of farmer Indrasinh Vala's (40) suicide on Wednesday. Vala, a resident of Devala village of Lakhtar taluka, hanged himself from a tree in his farm. His elder brother Mahendrasinh Vala told police that his brother committed suicide due to crop failure and was debt-ridden.Chudasama reportedly told some mediapersons on Thursday that he was facing pressure from higher ups over registering crop failure as the reason for suicide.Chudasama is untraceable since Thursday evening. In fact, charge of his police station has been handed over to other PSI. Sources said senior police officials are trying to trace him, but till Friday evening there was no news of his whereabouts.TOI tried to contact Surendranagar district superintendent of police Raghvendra Vats, but he was unavailable for his comments.Meanwhile on Friday, Congress leaders reached out to Vala's family for condolences and offered Rs 1 lakh to his kin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16092072", "title": "Strive for a consensus among states to regulate retail sale of acid, SC tells Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Centre to feel the daily trauma suffered by acid attack victims and advised it to strive for a consensus among the states to regulate retail sale of the corrosive substance, easy accessibility to which contributes to the spurt in its gruesome use mostly by jilted lovers.This suggestion came from a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave after additional solicitor general P P Malhotra, appearing for ministry of fertilizer and chemicals, said the regulation of retail sale of acid being a state subject, the Union government was helpless in this regard.But acid attack victim Laxmi's counsel Aparna Bhatt said the issue had been discussed for last four years and the Centre had been assuring the court that it would look into it. \"Suddenly, the Union government could not just throw their hands up without understanding the traumatic effect on the victims of acid attack,\" she said. On February 11, 2011, an order was passed by the Court asking the Centre to consider making appropriate provisions to regulate sale of acid so that it was not made easily available to offenders.Bhatt said Sikkim has shown the way forward by regulating the across the counter sale of acid by introducing permit system. Two other states were in the process of regulating supply of acid, she added.But, the bench directed Union home secretary to convene a meeting of chief secretaries/ home secretaries for \"evolving consensus with regard to regulation of sale of acids in states and union territories\".\"States should follow a uniform law. You cannot imagine the trauma suffered by acid attack victims every second of their life,\" it said.Happy with the step taken by Sikkim, the bench said: \"Not that one of the states has taken the lead, there can be a consensus on complete or partial ban.\" It listed the matter for further hearing on November 9 to consider responses of the states on this issue.Additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran, who appeared for the ministry of home affairs, pointed out that the Centre was planning to introduce the Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill 2012 in Parliament in the Winter Session proposing to make acid attack as a separate offence under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Now, persons accused of acid attack offence are tried for causing grievous hurt to the victim. After the Law Commission of India recommended making the crime a separate offence, the Centre drafted the Bill proposing to introduce Sections 326A and 326B in the IPC to impose stringent punishment against such offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16089687", "title": "With Arun Gawli in prison, matka operators may stop paying haftas to his gang", "text": "MUMBAI: The sentencing of gangster-turned-neta Arun Gawli to life imprisonment for the killing of former corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar seems to have come as music to the matka business. Sources said matka operators and bookies have decided to stop paying monthly haftas (protection money) to the Gawli gang, which has been extorting them for the last decade.\"We were paying till now because there was a possibility Gawli might be released. Now, we plan to stop all payments. What protection is he giving us?\" asked Ghanshyambhai, a bookie from Malad.Police suspect that with Gawli in prison\u2014and likely to stay for a long time\u2014the matka operators sense that it's time for a shake-up. Police sources said though the Gawli gang collected 'protection money' from builders, beer bar owners and cable operators, the main source of the don's income was the matka business. \"Gawli threatened builders and cable operators to extort money. But matka money was easy as those involved could never approach cops,\" explained a source.Ironically, Jamsandekar's murder in 2007 exposed Gawli's nexus with matka operators. The beginning was the arrest of matka king-turned-builder Atul Savla alias Pappu later that year for funding Gawli's men, particularly in the Sena corporator's killing. Gawli's 'banker', who was finally released in the case, spilled the beans on the don's extortion network.Two key accused in the Jamsandekar case \u2014Sudhir Gorphude and Vijay Giri\u2014confessed and stuck to their statement that Savla used to pay Gawli a monthly hafta of Rs 5 lakh.In 2008, the crime branch got another lead when Gawli's key operative Suhash Roge and Kiran Poojari (who's now turned approver) were arrested in connection with the orchestrated killing of matka king Suresh Bhagat. The duo revealed that Bhagat paid huge monthly sums to Gawli.Gawli's hand in the matka business became clear as Bhagat told the police his estranged wife Jaya and son Hitesh were trying to take over his business with the don's help. Sources confirmed Bhagat's suspicion, saying Hitesh had approached Gawli in jail and allegedly asked him to eliminate witnesses in Bhagat's murder. Now, Jaya's brother Kiran, who fled the city after his sister's arrest and is wanted by the crime branch and Lonavla police, is believed to be running the Kalyan bazaar matka business from Gujarat and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bilashipara (dhubri)", "code": "16105361", "title": "School furniture fuel kitchen fires in relief camps", "text": "BILASHIPARA (DHUBRI): School furniture are being used for cooking food for displaced people as many of the relief camps in violence-affected Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) and its neighbouring Dhubri district are facing shortage of firewood.Education in BTAD and Dhubri has already suffered significantly with many of the school and college buildings still being used as relief camps for the violence-affected people. And using of wooden furniture in schools as a substitute for firewood has added further woes to the scenario in the conflict-hit areas.At Bilasipra Public High School here, cramped with 2155 Muslim inmates from 416 families, scarcity of firewood has become a matter of concern even though edible relief materials are adequate enough. So, many of the inmates had turned to wooden benches, stools, chairs and even table to keep the hearth burning and feed the hungry mouths with cooked meals. \"We need at least four quintal of firewood to feed 2155 people taking refuge in our schools. As there is acute shortage of firewood, we are left with no option other than using some of our wooden furniture to burn for cooking food for the inmates,\" Manirul Islam, in-charge of the relief camp, explained. Islam said earlier forest department used to supply fire woods. But the supply has been coming down as the days of the inmates in the camp prolongs.\"It is more than a month now not a single inmate has left the relief camp for their own villages. But the supply of relief camps has significantly dropped now. We don't have any problem with other relief materials except firewoods,\" Islam said.The inmates at Bilasipara Public high school are from 16 villages in Kokrajhar district of BTAD. They had taken shelter at the school after their houses were burnt, looted and many people killed by miscreants last month. Also at Kajalgaon school with 195 Bodo inmates in Chirang district of BTAD, school furniture are being used to meet the scarcity of fire woods. However, camp officials said that only old and unused furniture are used for burning to prepare foods.\"We are not burning any of the furniture which are in use. Only the old and unused ones are used for cooking. The district administration has assured us that new truck load of firewood will arrive at our camp soon. Once that happens, we will not use wooden furniture,\" a camp official, who did not want to be quoted, said.Anjuman Ara Begum, one of the members of Supreme Court commission on Right to Food team currently on a visit to the relief camps in BTAD and Dhubri, said that administration should soon arrange firewood or other alternative means of cooking so that educational infrastructure is not affected.\"Education as a fundamental right has already taken a big beating following the violence. Now the use of furniture for cooking will further affect the education infrastructure. So this use of wooden furniture for burning has to be stopped with adequate supply of firewoods,\" Anjuman observed.Officials said that they do not have the exact figure ion the number of school furniture used for burning, but conceded that its happening primarily due to shortage in firewood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaipur", "code": "16093543", "title": "HC declares C P Joshi\u2019s one-vote loss void", "text": "JODHPUR/JAIPUR: The joy of winning against Union minister Dr C P Joshi in the 2008 assembly elections from Nathdwara by a mere vote, fell short for BJP's Kalyan Singh Chouhan on Friday after the Rajasthan high court declared the election void. Not only does Chouhan lose his seat but he and his wife Kalpana Kanwar and two witnesses face criminal proceedings for providing false evidence in the court. Kalyan Singh has also been directed to pay Rs 51000 to Joshi for the cost of the petition.If Kalyan Singh fails to approach the Supreme Court within 30 days, the assembly seat of Nathdwara would be considered vacant and the state election commission will initiate formalities for a re-election, confirmed officials.The Nathdwara elections of 2008 assembly polls was very controversial with Joshi, considered a strong candidate for the chief minister's post then, losing by a single vote. While C P Joshi had received 62,215 votes, Chouhan's count was 62,216.Joshi filed an election petition in the high court on January 16, 2009 questioning the result on two counts \u2014 that Kalpana Kanwar had cast her vote at two polling stations and that some of the votes were improperly received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094267", "title": "Masters Championships: Gurpreet wins standard pistol gold", "text": "PUNE: Gurpreet Singh made up for the disappointment in the rapid fire and air pistol events by winning the standard pistol in the Masters shooting championships at the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Mhalunge-Balewadi on Friday.The 25-year-old from Army shot 572 to finish three points ahead of 'Gold Finger' Samaresh Jung while Atul Yadav of Navy collected the bronze with 558.Gurpreet, who trains under Pavel Smirnov, the Russian coach of London silver medallist Vijay Kumar at the Army Marskmanship Unit in Mhow, had a horrible final in the rapid fire, his pet event, earlier in the tournament.\"Of course, I am still competing. I will be aiming to qualify for all the competitions that are coming up,\" the 42-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089881", "title": "Will Mangalwari ROB ease traffic or make it worse", "text": "NAGPUR: Traffic flow on Kamptee road, especially between Kadbi Chowk and LIC square, will witness a drop after the much-delayed Mangalwari railway overbridge (ROB) is opened to traffic on September 5.The new ROB connects Kadbi Chowk to Government Polytechnic in Mangalwari, Sadar. Though it will ease congestion on Gaddigodam road, motorists feel it will increase congestion on an already chaotic Residency Road. Motorists coming from north Nagpur (Kamptee) and going towards west Nagpur will prefer this route instead of Gaddigodam road.The construction of Rs 16.39 crore, 649-metre ROB started on October 20, 2008, however, it got delayed for various reasons. After several agitations, work was speeded up. It will now be thrown open for motorists on September 5. A senior MSRDC official confirmed the date.\"The over 1-km stretch, connecting LIC square with Anjuman College T-point, is bound to test your patience. Notorious for traffic snarls, the narrow road gets progressively constricted owing to haphazard parking, hawkers and autorickshaws that keep flouting traffic rules,\" said Chhaoni resident Bhagwan Tewani. Motorists could have been spared the agony if Link Road, an encroachment-free street running parallel to Residency Road, could be used. Traffic will get worse between T-point and Liberty Square. This could have been prevented if part of the traffic was diverted to the adjacent road, pointed out Naresh Bhalerao, a shopowner from Sadar market.Residency Road witnesses traffic jams daily. It remains choked almost through the day, barring a couple of hours in the afternoon. There's hardly enough space for the volume of traffic it is made to handle. Since the pavements are encroached upon, it has become risky for pedestrians too,\" said a shop-owner.Now, this ROB will increase the flow of traffic on this stretch. Haphazard parking of vehicles especially from Government Polytechnic to Anjuman Complex T-point already hinders vehicular movement. Though two traffic cops can be seen here, they make no effort to regulate traffic, rue shopkeepers.Traffic cops differ. They feel the new ROB will ease congestion on both Gaddigodam Road and Residency Road. DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade explained that Mangalwari RoB will be used only by those who wish to go towards Katol Road or police headquarters or Police Line Takli. \"So far they were forced to use Residency Road via Gaddigodam Road,\" he said. The DCP, however, said he would ask his men to monitor the flow of traffic for a week when the ROB opens. \"If required we will make some arrangements,\" he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099373", "title": "Poll commissioners' meet to focus on electoral reforms", "text": "RANCHI: Election commissioners from 12 states are taking part in the standing committee meeting on legislative and electoral reforms that was inaugurated here on Friday. The two-day conference will focus on the electoral reforms in three-tier panchayati raj system and elections.State election commissioner of Jharkhand S D Sharma said during the meet the commissioners would try and find out the possibility of maximizing the use of electronic voting machines (EVMs) even for pancahayat elections where a large number of candidates are in fray and more than two-three ballot units are used.In the existing ballot unit, names of maximum 16 candidates can be incorporated.\"We are also going to discuss the 'model panchayat election act' prepared by Jharkhand before it is placed at the All India Conference of State Election Commissioners likely to be held in December or January next year,\" said Sharma.The commissioners will also try to find out the solution for various problems they are facing due to delay in publication of final Census report for 2011 by the Registrar General of India. In absence of a printed Census report for 2011, all the state election commissions are forced to organize elections on the basis of 2001 Census.\"We will also try and reach on consensus to have a unified data base of electoral rolls of all the states of the country,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16101388", "title": "First Crime Scene Was Probably Tampered With, Claims Defence Lawyer", "text": "INDORE: The first crime scene in connection with the Shehla Masood murder was tampered with, and it might be possible that the RTI activist was not killed in her car, said the defence lawyer Sunil Shrivastav on Friday following the statement of first witness ASI M R Uikey in the special CBI court. Shehla was found murdered in her car on August 16, 2011 in Bhopal .ASI M R Uikey was the first witness to be presented in the court by the CBI. He was first officer rank policeman to reach at the crime scene. Next hearing of the case is scheduled for September 18, when three witnesses will be presented before the court. Three relatives of slain Shehla- her maternal aunt Rabab Zadi, father Sultan Masood and nephew Rahil Hussain will give their statements in court.Advocate Shrivastav said according to the statement of ASI Uikey, when police reached the crime scene, body of Shehla was on the seat next to that of the driver's, and no one had seen the body on driver's seat.\"According to CBI charge-sheet, the RTI activist was murdered in her car when she was leaving for her office. Charge-sheet also says that Shehla was driving the car (she was about to start), but body was found on seat next to driver's seat. It means that first crime scene was tampered with before the arrival of police,\" stressed advocate Shrivastav, who is representing another accused Saba Farooqui. He added that the ASI had admitted in court about not seeing bullet shell at the crime scene.Advocate Parvez Aalam, lawyer of Tabish and Saquib, said that the ASI in his statement had said that when he reached the crime scene, the RTI activist's car gate from the driver side and its window was closed, while the gate and window of opposite side of driver's seat were open.\"According to the statement of ASI, who was first to inspect the dead body- Shehla was barefoot and there was no footwear in the car. Also, there is no record of seizure of footwear from the crime scene,\" said advocate Aalam, adding that normally people wear slippers, sandals or shoes before going out. How is it possible that Shehla was going to office bare-foot. This is doubtful and it will go in favour of the accused.\"ASI has also said that he was not aware of the items recovered from the car and if any panchnama of recovered items was done. Now it is the subject of evidence how footwear appeared at the crime scene, when initially it was missing ,\" said advocate Aalam adding that the ASI has also said that he got the information from the control room about the murder in A 100 Colony (Bhopal) following which he reached at crime scene. Advocate Aalam pointed out that control room informed cop about murder in the colony, and not in a car in a colony.Both the lawyers who cross examined first witness said that more things may come out of closet in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099815", "title": "Disabled denied jobs despite quota", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik's promise to provide 3%reservation to physically-challenged people in the state employment sector seems to be far from being realized. A few disabled persons, including a woman from Puri, on Friday staged a protest near the office of the State Commission for Persons with Disability in Bhubaneswar, alleging nonchalance on part of the government in providing them jobs. Though the disability commission, during a camp court in Puri on April 4, had directed the district project coordinator (DPC) of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan to appoint the four persons as Sikshya Sahayaks basing on their merit, its implementation is still a distant dream.\"I am running from pillar to post to get the job. In the camp court, the DPC promised me appointment in the presence of the disability commissioner, but to no avail,\" said a visually impaired Bikram Jena (24) of Brahmagiri block. \"I applied for the post of Sikshya Sahayak in 2006. I was then assured of a job. But it is still on paper only,\" said Sriyarani Dei of Kakatpur block, who comes under the orthopedically handicapped (OH) category.Chairperson of the disability commission Kasturi Mohapatra expressed anguish at Puri DPC Abhay Nayak ignoring her order. She summoned Nayak to her office here on Friday and asked him to give appointments to the complainants at the earliest.\"It should not have happened. The DPC has assured me to execute the order soon. The complainants would get justice,\" Mohapatra said.Sanyas Behera, coordinator of Odisha Disabled People' Network (ODPN), alleged that a few people bagged jobs by forging their disability certificates and marksheets. \"Though guidelines clearly say that only persons with 40% and above disability are eligible for the job, an RTI information showed that a person with 38% disability got the job in Kakatpur in 2006,\" Behera said, adding, \"There is a clear nexus between the DPC and unscrupulous applicants. A high level probe should be ordered by the chief minister.\"K Anand Rao, another ODPN coordinator, demanded action against the DPC for ignoring the order of the disability commission. DPC Abhay Nayak, however, denied allegations of irregularity in appointment. \"There was no irregularity in the appointment of the Sikshya Sahayaks. We appointed physically handicapped people in the reserved category. The complainants would be given jobs when vacancies occur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16097863", "title": "Humayun\u2019s Tomb back in form", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a century-old publication of the Archaeological Survey of India describes the wall and dome of the central dome chamber of the 17th-century Humayun's Tomb covered with striking gilding and tile work. Later on, seepage inside this main dome would prompt ASI to apply cement and whitewash on the tile work. The historic chamber is now being carefully restored in a unique conservation project at the Mughal monument, which will be opened for the public on Saturday after being closed for two months.In partnership with ASI and with co-funding from the Sir Dorabji Tata Trust, the Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC) has been carrying out a major conservation project at Humayun's Tomb since 2008, and has now shifted its focus to the main hall chambers. \"The 1919 ASI publication outlines the dome and chamber walls of the central tomb with intrinsic tile work. But in 1955, the central chamber had to be plastered with cement and whitewash due to seepage. This not only spoilt the historic character of the tomb but also lent a dark and dingy appearance to the tomb chamber,'' said Ratish Nanda, project director of AKTC.Sources said though AKTC has carried out significant research, experimentation and training in making of Mughal handmade tiles, with no evidence of tile patterns on the interior wall, the surfaces tiles could no longer be restored to the inner tomb chamber. \"Since June 2012, trained craftsmen have been carefully scrapping off whitewash and cement layers in the eighty-feet high dome chamber, which for two months has been covered with a web of scaffolding with craftsmen perched everywhere,\" said an AKTC official. Repairs using lime plaster have also been carried out wherever required. \"The material has been covered with a 1mm thin layer of almost pure lime plaster mixed with marble dust and egg white \u2014 used by the Mughal builders to mimic the more expensive marble,\" said Rajpal Singh, chief engineer of AKTC.ASI officials added that during the removal of cement layers, Mughal-era red polychromy was discovered in the webbing of the arches; it is still found in the spandrels of the arches and is being carefully restored. \"The red and white contrast of the exterior of the tomb is effectively used also in the interior spaces,'' said an AKTC official. P B S Sengar, director (monuments) ASI, added: \"The restoration of lime plaster to the interior surface will not only significantly ensure long-term preservation of the structure but also lighten up in the interior space.''The tomb was not the only monument to decay for want of conservation in the earlier years. Experts say the awareness of use of historic materials was so poor in the 20th century, that cement has been similarly applied to almost all historic buildings of Delhi. Conservation works at Humayun's Tomb is likely to be completed by year-end, and the team is researching for an appropriate lamp in the central chamber as is thought to have been fixed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16093116", "title": "Habib Khan is new Rajasthan Public Service Commission chairperson", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government on Friday appointed retired IPS officer and 66-year-old Habib Khan as the new chairperson of the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC).Khan takes over the coveted chair after his predecessor B M Sharma completed his six year term on Friday. \"I am honoured,\" said Khan when TOI contacted him. Khan was already a member of the RPSC. Soon after his name was announced, Khan went to Ajmer dargah and offered prayers there.He has been staying at Ajmer where the RPSC headquarters is located.Nomination of Khan as RPSC chairperson is politically significant as the Ashok Gehlot government has been on an apparent overdrive to appease the minority community since the Gopalgarh police firing incident in September last year.As many as 10 people, all Muslim, were killed in police firing at Gopalgarh. Meo Muslims were at loggerheads with the Gujjar community for a piece of land and police had resorted to firing to disperse a mob from both the communities. Since then, several Muslim representatives have been rewarded with key political positions.During the cabinet reshuffle a few months back, Amin Khan was included in the cabinet and Pushkar MLA Naseem Akhtar was also inducted in the Gehlot ministry. Besides, MLA Zahida Khan was appointed as parliamentary secretary, a post equivalent to a minister.Khan was selected in RPSC in 1982 as an RPS officer and promoted to IPS in 2001. He belongs to Deedwana town in Nagaur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16101380", "title": "Kochi celebrates Guru\u2019s 158th birth anniversary", "text": "KOCHI: Cultural processions and public meetings marked Sree Narayana Guru Jayanthi celebrations in the city on Friday.The celebrations were organized by the various branches of the Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana (SNDP) Yogam.Guru pooja, recitals of the works of Sree Narayana Guru and various competitions were organized as part of celebrating his 158th birth anniversary.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan was the chief guest at the function organized by the Sree Dharma Kalpadruma Yogam at Tripunithura.Yogam local president E V Mani presided over the function and municipal chairman R Venugopal, and BJP state general secretary A N Radhakrishnan spoke.The Jayanthi meeting organized by SNDP Yogam, Kadavanthra branch, was inaugurated by N K Padmanabhan Vaidyar.The public meeting was followed by a two-wheeler rally and various cultural programmes.Processions and meetings were also organized by SNDP unions in Kochi, Vypeen and Tripunithura.In some parts of the city, community feasts were also held to mark the day's programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108300", "title": "Metro to ensure a safe ride", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Metro will have automatic train protection (ATP) which will take care of passenger safety on and off the tube. ATP is the primary function of the train control systems. This system will be inherently capable of achieving of host of objectives, including cab signaling, track-related speed profiles of the trains, monitoring of maximum permitted speed and detection of over speeding with audio visual warning and application of brakes, maintaining safe distance between trains and monitoring of stop points. \"Metro carries large number of passengers at a very close headway, requiring a very high level of safety enforcement and reliability. At the same time, heavy investment in infrastructure necessitates optimization of its capacity to provide proper facilities,\" says the report submitted by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). The Metro system will have continuous automatic train control system, which will include automatic train operation and train supervision sub systems using modern communication systems between track side and train. This will provide high level of safety with trains running at close headway ensuring continuous safe train separation, elimination of accidents due to driver passing signals at danger by continuous speed monitoring and automatic application of brakes in case of disregard of signals or warnings by the driver. Public address and passenger information display system will be provided inside the train car so that passengers are continuously informed about the next stoppage station, final destination, interchange station and emergency situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102634", "title": "PG medical student attempts suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year-old post-graduate medical student, Dr Narendra Jadav, of the NHL Municipal Medical College at the VS Hospital attempted suicide on Friday afternoon by jumping off the terrace of the three-storey building.Police are yet to ascertain the reason for suicide. \"His family members alleged that the hike in fees for the PG course drove him to suicide,\" said a police official.\"He was rushed to the trauma center where he was diagnosed with broken ribs and severe spinal injuries that resulted into internal rupture and bleeding. He was immediately taken to the operation theater and a surgery was performed to stabilize his neck and spinal cord. Till late on Friday, he had not regained consciousness,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.VS Hospital authorities said that 32 units of blood were administered and multiple surgeries were performed to save him. They, however, indicated that his situation is delicate. Jadav, a first year master's student of surgery at the NHL Municipal Medical College and a resident doctor, was found unconscious from below the Doctors Quarters at VS Hospital at 1 pm by fellow doctors. Jadav had cut his left wrist which had caused profuse bleeding.Since Friday morning, the medical college campus was abuzz with students debating on the recent fee hike. \"On Thursday night, our college's website reflected the hike that for PG course it will be hiked from Rs 6 lakh to Rs 12 lakh. The students also threatened to go on strike if the hike is implemented from the current academic year,\" said a student of the college.College dean and in-charge superintendent Pankaj Patel told TOI that Jadav was depressed for the past few days and was in constant touch with his family members. \"Jadav had earlier got admission in MD (anesthesia) course, but after the announcement of vacant seats at the NHL in MS course, he opted for the college. The fees issue is under consideration at the moment,\" he said.Family finding hard to over come griefJadav's family members who rushed down from Barwada in Ahmedabad district on Friday morning broke down on seeing Jadav swathed in bandages from head to toe on Friday afternoon at the VS Hospital. They blamed the fee hike as the prime reason for suicide. Mahesh Jadav, his elder brother, told TOI that his father had taken a vow after his admission in the MS course earlier this year that he would not wear footwear till Jadav completes his course. \"He had become very pessimistic in past few days and I had come for a few days to tell him that everything would be fine once he became doctor. On Thursday, he called father and told him to be prepared not to wear footwear in life as he was not going to complete his course,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094315", "title": "No anticipatory bail to absconders: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday settled a question of law which had been bothering the judiciary for a long time and ruled that no court should grant anticipatory bail to a person who had been declared an absconder either during the investigation or during the trial.\"Normally, when the accused is 'absconding' and declared as 'proclaimed offender', there is no question of granting anticipatory bail,\" a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said.It dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of a man who was accused of abetting the suicide of his younger brother's wife for dowry within a year of marriage on the ground that he had avoided interrogation and not participated in the investigations and was declared \"absconder\".Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Sathasivam agreed with the proposition of additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra and said, \"We reiterate that when a person against whom a warrant has been issued and is absconding or concealing himself in order to avoid execution of warrant and is declared as a proclaimed offender in terms of Section 82 of the Criminal Procedure Code, is not entitled to the relief of anticipatory bail.\"The bench said Section 438 of the code provided that in a non-bailable offence, if a person had reasons to believe that he would be arrested, then he could apply for bail in the event of such arrest. \"While considering such a request, the court has to take into consideration the nature and the gravity of the accusation, antecedents, possibility of the applicant fleeing from justice etc,\" the bench said.\"Normally, the court should not exercise its discretion to grant anticipatory bail in disregard of the magnitude and seriousness of the matter. The matter regarding the unnatural death of the daughter-in-law at the house of her in-laws was still under investigation and the appropriate course to adopt was to allow the concerned magistrate to deal with the same on the basis of the material placed before the court,\" the bench said referring to the case in hand.The case related to the alleged suicide of Vibha in her in-law's house in Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi, on September 1 last year. She was married on January 19, 2010. The bench said the allegations levelled against the accused persons, including the husband's brother, was that they subjected Vibha to cruelty demanding sizeable amount in order to settle the payment of Rs 5 lakh for the flat allotted by Delhi Development Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16105323", "title": "Riot-hit return to relief camps", "text": "GUWAHATI: The situation in riot-hit Assam has been quiet for two days now with no reports of incident but more than 9000 displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims, who had returned to their homes from relief camps over the last couple of weeks, have fled their homes again in the past 24 hours in Kokrajhar district, the epicenter of the conflict.The Kokrajhar district administration has now set up four new additional camps in Gossaigaon sub-division to house these 9,985 people, a home department status report said.The fleeing of these people from their homes for the second time came even as the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and the group of ministers (GOM) on Wednesday chalked out a two-phase rehabilitation plan for the riot-affected Bengali-speaking Muslims, who fled Bodo pockets and are now taking shelter in relief camps. The state government on Friday accepted the joint decision taken by the BTC and GoM.Kokrajhar district deputy commissioner Jayant Narlikar told TOI on Friday, \"These people had gone back to their homes from different relief camps but they have come back again to relief camps. They feel they are still low in confidence to stay back in their homes.\"With the addition of these 9985 people the total number of relief camp inmates in four districts of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon and Chirang stood at 2,40,090 as on Friday. Elsewhere in the state, 5,104 people have left relief camps in Chirang district and 144 in Bongaigaon district.The Kokrajhar district deputy commissioner said, \"We are in the process of starting the assessment for the rehabilitation of the displaced people. At present, the land document records are being compiled.\"According to the BTC and GoM joint decision, in the first phase only those who posses land ownership documents in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) and have their or their predecessors' names in 1971 voters list would be rehabilitated in BTC.Agriculture minister and government spokesman Nilamani Sen Deka, who is a member of the GoM said, \"The GoM has formally presented Wednesday's decision on the rehabilitation to the government. We now have to find a formula for the rehabilitation of those inmates of relief camps, who have neither land documents nor their names in the voters list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099953", "title": "Firm shows documents to police", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Multi-business conglomerate Seashore Group of Companies on Friday produced some documents before the Crime Branch to explain the company's credentials, transactions and investments in the wake of the allegation of multi-crore bungling through money circulation activities in the firm. \"We received the documents, but many of the requisite information are missing. We will scrutinize the records and submit the report to the Orissa High Court,\" ADG (crime branch) B K Sharma told TOI.Submission of the documents followed a direction by Crime Branch to the chairman and managing director of the company Prashant Kumar Das to furnish credentials of his activities after he failed to submit the documents during his appearance before the investigating agency on August 28. Das reportedly dodged most of the questions during the interrogation.Cases were registered against Das and five other directors (his wife and relatives) of the company for allegedly siphoning of public money to the tune of nearly Rs 450 crore into other businesses. The High Court, while hearing the anticipatory bail application of Das on August 16, had prevented the Crime Branch from arresting him and asked the cops to wait till its further orders. The next hearing is on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108377", "title": "Criminal fires at cops, escapes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panic gripped Sector 34 when a notorious criminal, Gurpreet Singh Sekhon, wanted by Ferozepur police in a murder case, escaped after firing three gunshots at a Punjab police team on Friday. The incident took place around 4.30pm when the police party, dressed in civvies, tracked the accused along with his female friend to the residential area of Sector 34. Sekhon was in a white Toyota Fortuner (PB-31A-0045). Sources said the vehicle was registered in the name of a Mansa resident. While a majority of residents refused to comment, they claimed that hooliganism and ruckus has become routine affair in this area. The locality, in which incident took place has a lot people staying as paying guests and cops believe that woman friend of Sekhon is also residing in one of these PG accommodations. Inspector Dalbir Singh of Ferozepur police said, \"A close associate of Sekhon, Gurshaheed Singh Shera had murdered Amandeep Singh alias Happy Deora in Ferozepur on July 1. We had information that Shera was coming in Sector 34.Ironically, Sekhon arrived and we tried to capture him for tracing Shera, but he escaped after firing three shots.\"Police said though Punjab police party was in plain clothes, Sekhon reportedly identified one of the members of police party. SHO of PS-34, Kirpal Singh, said three empty shells, belonging to a 9mm revolver, were recovered from the spot. A case has been registered at Sector-34 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16126835", "title": "Endrendrum Punnagai shoot to start", "text": "Jiiva's Mugamoodi has just hit the screens but the actor is already gearing up for the shoot of his next project, Endrendrum Punnagai.The shoot for the film will kick-start on September 15 in Chennai.A huge office set is going to be erected in one of the good locales in the city.Jiiva, Trisha, Santhanam and Vinay Rai will be present for the 10 day schedule.The film is directed by Ahmed of Vaamanan fame, Madhi will crank the camera and Harris Jayaraj will score the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16090550", "title": "Scam's looming, coal ministry had warned UPA-1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The coal ministry had warned the UPA-1 government of the impending coalgate right at the outset of its tenure, pointing to the intense clamour for coal blocks and strongly emphasizing that their allocation would mean \"windfall gains to the person who is allotted these captive mines\".Referring to the rush for coal blocks, a classified ministry note had warned just a few months after the UPA-1 government took over, \"There are pressures of all kinds for allotment of blocks. This has made selection of an application in respect of a block difficult and vulnerable.\"The note, a copy of which is with TOI, warned the then coal minister that the government would have to battle charges of irregularities and lack of transparency in the selection process later on.The document is also significant in that it rebuts government's arguments that auctioning coal blocks would have meant higher power tariff. Based on a detailed analysis, the note concluded that inviting competitive bids would be the best option, while they would not affect the price of power and other end products.The price of coal charged by Coal India Limited (CIL) would have acted as a natural price barrier. \"No one will quote a price in open bidding that will make coal so mined more expensive than CIL price. As long as power utilities can get coal through captive mining at a price lesser than that charged by CIL, they should have no objection to open bidding system,\" the note said.\"There will be no impact of bid amount on price of end product. The bidding system will only tap part of the windfall profit for public purpose,\" it added.Since the alternative to a captive block was to purchase coal from CIL, informed and rational bidding would ensure that the cost of coal through the auction route was less than that of the mineral sourced from CIL or other available sources, the note said.Faced with the CAG censure for failing to invite competitive bids despite having decided to do so way back in 2006, the government has repeatedly cited its concern that taking the auction route would have lead to a cascading effect on prices. HRD minister Kapil Sibal forcefully argued along these lines on Wednesday.However, the fear of auctions triggering price rise was strongly discounted by the coal ministry in 2004 when it, as the subsequent note of the then coal secretary P C Parakh showed, had decisively tilted in favour of inviting bids for the precious deposits.\"Coal mining is a capital intensive activity. It needs substantial investments. The process of competitive bidding is likely to add only a small percentage to cost compared to the scale of investment required for a coal project,\" the letter said.\"Argument about discrimination between new allottees and existing allottees (in view of auction) is not a sound one. Any change in policy that is considered in public interest can be made only prospectively and cannot be found fault with on the ground that earlier beneficiaries of policy had greater advantage,\" it said.\"Similarly, argument of discrimination between future allottees and CIL/SCCL (Coal India Ltd/Singareni Collieries Company Ltd) is also not tenable. CIL and SCCL carry huge cost of social overheads and excessive manpower which cannot be reduced in short-term for socio-political reasons. CIL and SCCL, therefore, cannot be compared with new allottees of blocks as they will not have disadvantage of large social over-heads and unproductive manpower.\"Besides, CIL and SCCL address the national concerns regarding energy security while private captive blocks are available for the express needs of the users alone,\" the coal ministry's official review said, insisting that the government had no other option but to auction these scarce resources in the national interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16101828", "title": "UP to link its growth with future e-ways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh plans to link industrial development with the state's future expressway projects. The new government will soon come out with the industrial policy and it would be linked to expressway projects, a top state government official said.This means a major shift in the UP government's policy to make the fresh projects financially viable for private developers. The state's first greenfield (new alignment) expressway - Yamuna Expressway - was bid out to Jaypee with the provision of five land parcels as sweeteners. Market analysts said this would mean the developers might get some land patches for industrial development to make these projects viable.\"Everyone should wait for the industrial policy to be out. Rushing to conclusions now would be premature,\" Mukul Singhal, CEO of state highways authority and UP Expressways Industrial Development Authority (UPEIDA), said on the sidelines of a Fiinfrastructure summit in the capital on Friday.UP has finalized the alignment of Lucknow-Agra expressway and this will be the second such project by the state government. Singhal told private developers that the government plans to complete the tendering process for this project by October 2013. \"It will then depend on the developer to complete it. We will set a target of three years for completion,\" he added.Private developers are keen on this project since the state government has complete control over land acquisition and procedural clearances would be faster in comparison to any other mega highway project that passes through different states.Singhal said the state has also drawn up a plan to convert all district roads to at least four lanes to improve mobility and accelerate economic activity. \"We have the target to award at least 3,000 km in build-operate-transfer (BOT) mode by 2016. Every year, we will complete feasibility study of at least 1,000km,\" Singhal said.In case of BOT projects, Centre will give financial assistance to the state - half of the viability gap funding (VGF) - to make these projects financially viable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101270", "title": "'Medical test on girl too late'", "text": "GURGAON: Taking cognizance of a TOI report published on Friday which mentioned the delay in conducting the medical test of a minor girl rescued from a Sector 4-based doctor couple, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) issued a notice to the Gurgaon administration seeking a report in the matter.In the story, \"No medical test of minor tortured by doctor couple\" published on August 31, undue delay over the mandatory medical test to determine the victim's age was highlighted.The girl was rescued last Monday, but the medical test has been deferred till September 4, a delay of eight days. Childline (1098), which was part of the rescue team, had raised objection over the matter and stated that the test should have been conducted within 24 hours of the complaint. It has also alleged inaction by the Gurgaon police.Vinod Kumar Tikoo, member, NCPCR, said, \"The commission has sent a notice on Friday seeking details in the case. A 15-day timeframe has been fixed for the reply.\"The victim has been given shelter at a local children's home. Rishi Kant, spokesperson of NGO Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline in Gurgaon, said, \"Juvenile Justice Act Guidelines are not being properly followed here.\"Also, no arrest has been made so far. The Sector 4 residents, have been accused of employing a minor girl and torturing her. An FIR has been registered under Section 23 (punishment for cruelty to juvenile or child) and 26 (exploitation of juvenile or child employee) of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act.The victim, a teenager, is a native of Gumla distrcit in Jharkhand. She was rescued jointly by Childline, the Anti-Human Trafficking Unit, Gurgaon from the house of a doctor couple in the city. \"The victim was not allowed to speak to her parents. She didn't get any moey in return of her work. And whenever she requested her employers to allow her to go back to her home, the couple would beat her up,\" said Kant.Investigating officer Abhay Raj said, \"The test will be done on September 4. We will make arrests only after the girl's age is verified.\" Activists however claim that the police should have arrested the accused, instead of waiting for the medical test. But with its current stand, the police have given breathing space to the accused, claimed Kant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16120900", "title": "Yash and Radhika do the Mandya rap", "text": "Yogaraj Bhat's 'Drama', which has Yash and Radhika Pandit in the lead, has a little surprise for the fans. The maverick filmmaker has his three protagonists, Yash, Radhika and Ninasam Sathish, singing for a special number. \"I got Yash, Radhika and Sathish to do a song that is in the rap style. What is interesting in this song is that they have sung it in a colloquial Mandya style,\" says Yogaraj, who says the lyrics and the singing style are unique. \"The song appears in the film during a situation where there is the need for some candid humour. I've used this song as the means to get those emotions across,\" says Yogaraj. The song is titled Budla Mandya Rap . \"My protagonists have actually done a good job with the singing. None of them showed any apprehensions about singing for it. In fact, we enjoyed ourselves while shooting for the song,\" says Yogaraj. V Harikrishna has composed the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095389", "title": "Battle over 3-year-old girl's custody", "text": "MUMBAI: A city resident has moved the Bombay high court to seek custody of her minor daughter, now living with her former live-in partner in Kerala. Following a habeas corpus petition filed by the mother, Meera, the daughter was produced before a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo on Friday.The judges have for now said they would not disturb the custody of the child and asked the father, Biju, to continue to look after and care for the child till the next hearing of the case. The court has asked the couple to remain present on September 4, and the hearing will be held in the judge's chamber.Meera in her petition claimed that she was in a live-in relationship with Biju and they had a baby girl, who is now three years old. Last year, she left for Dubai for a job and asked her mother to take care of the child. According to Meera, a few months later, Biju visited her mother and took away the child, saying he would return. However, he instead took the child to his native place in Kerala, Meera alleged, adding that Biju had also taken away her gold ornaments.Meera claimed that though an FIR was lodged at the Trombay police station, cops failed to take any steps and Biju could not be traced. Subsequently, she moved the high court seeking that her daughter be produced before the court and she be given custody of the child.(Names of the couple changed to protect their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16093692", "title": "Mystery behind Bhanwari case yet to be unravelled", "text": "JAIPUR: On Saturday, it will be a year since auxiliary nurse and midwife (ANM) Bhanwari Devi was kidnapped from her house and killed in Jodhpur.The case that grabbed headlines and the controversial sex tape brought to fore the seamier side of some of the popular leaders in the state is far from being over.Besides pushing two MLAs behind the bars, sources in the probe agencies believe the several startling mysteries are yet to be revealed in the case.Bhanwari Devi was killed on September 1, 2011 allegedly at the behest of then state minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, two most powerful politicians in the state's Marwar region.Bhanwari, however, was close to several other top leaders, hint sources close to the CBI. With political influence being at play, those names may never come in the open, sources added.Some say the CBI investigations has primarily focused only on Bhanwari Devi, and therefore, possibly neglected the involvement of other bigger players who would have drawn political mileage out of the entire scandal.\"The CBI took over the case from the local police almost a month after her disappearance on September1. The Jodhpur rural police has looked into several aspects during their month-long investigation, one being who are likely to benefit from Maderna's fall,\" a senior Rajasthan police officer said.That Bhanwari had access to some national-level politicians in the Congress also came up during the investigation, another officer said.\"During the last months of her life, she had met several politicians. There were rumors that she had about 140 CDs hidden in a locker. These CDs featured other politicians but never came out in public,\" said the officer.She nurtured political ambitions after coming to close to first Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and then Maderna. \"There were reports that she had met some politicians in New Delhi to get an assembly ticket. The name of some BJP leaders had also come up with reports suggesting they were using her to destroy Maderna,\" said the officer.The officer claimed that the story of the nurse is bigger and mysterious than those of Fiza and Geetika. Fiza who eloped and married former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandermohan Bishnoi three years ago, only to be dumped later, met a lonely and horrific end at her Mohali residence. Her highly decomposed body was found days after her death. Similarly, Haryana minister of state for home, Gopal Goyal Kanda, had to resign after 23-year-old Geetika, a former air hostess, named him in a suicide note before hanging herself in Delhi.Bhanwari Devi was allegedly blackmailing Maderna and Bishnoi on the basis of some CDs featuring her in a compromising position with the two politicians. She was abducted from Jodhpur's Bilara area on September 1, 2011 by three men. They strangulated her to death and then handed over her body to another gang. Her body was burnt to ashes and dumped in a canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16109476", "title": "City\u2019s Akanksha Gandhi, Meenu Kalra top university", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Back to back success in varsity examinations have not let the celebrations at Guru Nanak College of Girls come to an end, as college students are emerging toppers in various course exams of Panjab University (PU). Among the recent achievers are four students from Masters of Business Economics (MBE) who made their spot in the top 10 ranks when their results came out on Wednesday. Akanksha Gandhi topped the varsity with 74.41%,Pawandeep Kaur followed at 3rd rank with 72.25%, Neha Sharma stood 8th with 69.75% and Manisha Jain ranked 10th in the university with 69.16%. Attam Nagar resident Akanksha, 22, couldn't stop smiling once she got to know she had clinched the gold medal in PU's MBE examination. \"I am surprised and this gold medal is like a dream come true for my family. I will work on my family business with my father and brother once I am done with my masters,\" she says. The topper loves dancing and partying with friends apart from being an avid reader. The MSc Physics III results declared on Thursday added to the excitement at GNCG as Meenu Kalra topped PU with 75.8%, Preetika Sood clinched second rank with 75.2% and Harpreet Kaur stood 4th with 74.5%. Among others who made their way into top 10 were Manpreet Kaur at 6th position with 72.9% and Deepali Sonik and Arti Rana at 7th and 8th positions with 72.6% and 72.3%, respectively. Meenu Kalra, 22, who resides in Model Town, says, \"I had not expected I would top the varsity. The celebrations at home have not stopped since my HOD Seema Verma informed I have become a gold medalist.\" College Principal Dr Charanjit Mahal congratulated the staff and students for the outstanding performances in various courses. She said continuous appearance in the university toppers' list is a glorious achievement for the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16090470", "title": "Criminal wanted in Maharashtra, MP arrested by crime branch", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch on Thursday nabbed Changiram Ghusai (41), along with three others, for their involvement in several housebreaking offences in the city. The dreaded criminal has several offences of dacoities, including one at a cooperative bank, against him. Ghusai has several offences registered against him in the neighbouring state of Madhya Pradesh too.Ghusai was in jail till December 29, 2011, after he was sent behind bars by the crime branch in 2010. Incidentally, senior PI Madhav Giri had been instrumental in nabbing Ghusai then too. Now, the crime branch detection wing led by Giri has solved four cases of dacoity and a murder after interrogating Ghusai.It is learnt that Ghusai was netted after the crime branch team got information that he was roaming around on a stolen bike. The cops netted Ghusai after following him on the bike. Later, the police also learnt about a stolen car he had kept concealed under the garbage near Santra market.Police said Ghusai and his gang had stolen the car and bike from a house at Mankapur within the limits of Koradi police station some time back. The gang is also likely to have burgled another house in the same locality after stealing the parked vehicles.Crime branch team has also picked up Jodhan Singh Chouhan, Gangaram Anup Kumar and Sameer Paswan, who were found with Ghusai. Police said the gang is likely to have committed offences in Itarsi and Hosangabad also. During searches, police found a knife, sword, chilli powder, rope and a couple of mobile phones on them.Cops also learnt that Ghusai had been thrashed at Betul recently after he was nabbed red-handed while stealing. He had sneaked into Nagpur as Madhya Pradesh police had started searching for him.The crime branch team handed over Ghusai and others to Koradi police station, where they were charged with section 399 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for preparation of dacoity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088492", "title": "Chemistry holds hope for future: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: In near future chemistry will play a key role in innovations in science in the field of energy, drug discovery, environment and health. It was the opinion of experts - director of National Chemical Laboratory Sourav Pal, professor of IIT Mumbai Krishna P Kaliappan and senior research assistant of polymer chemical group of Piramal Life Sciences Jayant Khandare.The office-bearers of Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC), West India, were speaking to TOI on the sidelines of symposium in advances in chemical sciences hosted by chemistry department of Institute of Science.The three experts also happen to be the president, vice president and secretary of the RSC West India which has organized the symposium with P Sivaswaroop and Rashmi Batra as the convener and co-convener of RSC West India which has organized the symposium to motivate chemistry teachers and students.\"Instead of doing a research to produce a new material and then look for possible uses of the material, the research should be directed in opposite direction.\" said Pal.This means that first researchers should identify the problems that chemistry can solve and work towards solving them.Opening another page in scienceKaliappan said, that it was sad that most people do not see any money in science. The myth needs to be cleared.\"Science will be financially rewarding provided it is done in right manner. Innovations alone hold the key to future developments.\"anywhere in the world. We need to teach science accordingly to students and retain them in the stream.\" he stated.believes that after green revolution, white (milk) and information and communication technology now pharmaceutical and health revolutions are in the offing. \"And these would happen with new chemistry,\" he said.Regretting that there were no start up companies to create jobs for chemists, Khandare said, \"It's sad that India has not produced a single 'molecule' for making any new drug in so many years. Nevertheless, chemistry is the only hope for future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16104138", "title": "Simi operative gave doctor gun", "text": "BANGALORE: Police and security agencies suspect that the first one to be initiated into the world of shadowy terror outfits was Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur.He was picked up from Hubli on Wednesday, and is among the 11 youths arrested recently. The doctor then played a prominent role in recruiting men for the Hubli and Bangalore terror modules that were busted.Dr Sholapur was first initiated into the Indian Mujahideen (IM), an offshoot of the Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) until it was banned on September 27, 2001, a security agency source said. A prominent SIMI leader known to security agencies only as Zakir, is believed to have indoctrinated Dr Sholapur , the source added.The source said investigators had also gathered that Zakir had handed over a 7.65mm revolver to Dr Sholapur, who played a prominent role in putting in place the Hubli and Bangalore terror modules by 2010. The modules had vowed to eliminate some right-wing organization leaders and lawmakers , the source said.The gun was recovered from the suspects during Wednesday's raids.\"Extensive raids had been conducted on suspected SIMI camps in Hubli, during which several activists were arrested in March 2008. But a prominent SIMI leader, Zakir, managed to escape. Zakir is still absconding and is reportedly holed up in West Asia. Initially , we had no inkling about the prominence of Zakir in the spreading tentacles of terror. Zakir is believed to have returned to India to regroup his team,\" an officer who is part of the investigation said.\"There is a definite connection between Zakir and Dr Sholapur, who is considered to be a very intelligent person. He was a rank student throughout his academic career . IM was looking for persons of Sholapur's stature in the community, as they knew he could help them get a foothold among youth from the urban middle class,\" the source explained. The Hubli and Bangalore suspects were in regular contact and exchanged ideas and plans. They were believed to be part of a terror network whose reach extended from Davanagere to Bijapur, the source explained.THE IM AGENDAIndian Mujahideen functions mainly as a recruiting agency of sorts. It indoctrinates Muslim youths through hate speeches, literature and false propaganda. IM then identifies the best among its recruits. The youngsters are then initiated into outfits like Al Badr, which is active in Mysore area and Darsgah-Jihad-o-Shahadat (DJS) and Tahreek-e-Tahfuz Shaair-e-Islam (TTSI) which have a strong presence in North Karnataka. All these outfits owe allegiance to Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), the security source explained.Bank accounts to be frozenInvestigators are now looking into the financial trail of the 11 terror suspects picked up from Bangalore and Hubli. \"We are trying to locate the bank accounts of all the 11 arrested , who are now in police custody for 14 days. We have requested the banks to freeze the accounts of the accused as we have to find the source of their funding. The bank accounts are located in Hubli, Bhatkal and some places in Bijapur district,\" said a source connected to the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16090512", "title": "NRI held for harassing wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after a dowry harassment case was registered against an NRI, the Begumpet women police on Friday arrested the man from his residence in Seetaphalmandi.The women police said Santosh Raj, 32, who came to Hyderabad a few days ago from Australia to attend his father's ceremony, was arrested based on the complaint given by his wife Srujana Santoshi, a B Tech graduate from Visakhapatnam. The couple got married in 2008.Santosh Raj allegedly deserted Srujana in Sydney a few months ago and she could return to Hyderabad only after her family sent her money. Santosh Raj is accused of assaulting Srujana in an inebriated condition besides demanding additional dowry.Several cases were lodged against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16110209", "title": "\u2018It will decongest roads, check pollution\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The unregistered auto rickshaws will soon suffer the whip of the police in the city as the fresh deadline given to them ends on September 1, which was issued post a LTOI story on the unregistered moving threats on roads. Residents believe this drive would bring order on city roads. \"It would decongest the roads, making them safer and less polluted, as most of these unregistered auto rickshaws use adulterated fuel,\" said hotelier Nirmal Sekhon, who resides in Model Town. Activist Jatinder Maudgil, who has been fighting for implementation of CNG in the state, said he is relieved the police is finally taking an initiative to control the pollution and traffic mess in the city. \"Residents sure don't wish to take away anyone's livelihood here but, it should not be earned putting the health and life of others at stake. All the auto rickshaws discarded in Delhi long ago are still running in Ludhiana. Besides being unregistered their condition is not safe at all for carrying commuters or load, with broken headlights, indicators and no break lights,\" said Maudgil, who resides in Civil Lines. LTOI carried a story \"There's no stopping these autos\" on July 30 informing the city about the presence of only 12,000 registered auto rickshaws on city roads against over 45,000 unregistered auto rickshaws. Following the report, commissioner Singh had ordered on July 31 that the auto rickshaw owners should get their autos registered by August 31, failing which the unregistered ones will be impounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16124091", "title": "Tamil Nadu govt to construct one lakh houses for cyclone affected", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government would construct one lakh concrete houses for the people in Cuddalore and Viluppuram districts, who were hit badly by the cyclone Thane last year.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday announced allocation of Rs 1,000 crore for the project under which 90,000 houses would be constructed in Cuddalore and 10,000 houses in Viluppuram.Each house, to be constructed in a 200 sq ft area, would cost Rs one lakh, an official release said.After the severe cyclonic storm that hit the state on December 30 last leaving a trail of destruction, the chief minister had announced that her government would construct one lakh houses for those affected by the storm fury in these two districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16094966", "title": "Velim forum demands scrapping of Cutbona land acquisition", "text": "MARGAO: Upping the ante against the acquisition of 30,000 sq m of land for expansion of the Cutbona jetty, the Velim civic and consumer forum (VCCF) on Friday shot off a letter to the South Goa deputy collector (land acquisition), demanding immediate scrapping of the land acquisition proceedings terming it \"illegal\".The VCCF pointed out in the letter that the land acquisition proceedings initiated a couple of years ago were kept 'on hold' by the government, and questioned the propriety of the authorities in notifying Section 7 of the Land Acquisition Act.\"The panchayat has informed the gram sabha that no revocation of the 'hold order' has been received by them, so kindly explain how the acquisition process can carry on by excluding the people of Velim and its local governing body, the village panchayat, the main stakeholder,\" states the letter signed by the VCCF convenor Ramona Almeida.\"The bone of contention has always been the discrepancy in the purpose for land acquisition. Kindly explain which public purpose does this land acquisition favour. All previous visits to your office to unearth the irregularities of the said land acquisition have been unheeded to and the eco sensitive khazan farm lands of Velim are being grabbed for vested interest,\" the letter adds.The VCCF has, in the letter, demanded to make the report of the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) available to the Velim panchayat for its perusal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16108967", "title": "Less sunshine, breeze ring in monsoon masti", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sun has been playing hide-and-seek with the city. This monsoon, the sunshine hours have continued to be below normal. The clouds coupled with breeze have unleashed a pleasant aura. Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, \"In July, the mean sunshine hours for a day was recorded by us were 6.6 hours, whereas the normal mean sunshine hours stand at 13.5 hours. In August also, whereas the normal mean sunshine hours are 7.07 hours, the recorded mean sunshine hours this year are around 4 hours. Even for June, against the normal mean sunshine hours of 14.7 hours, the mean sunshine hours were recorded at 8.9 hours.\"Gill added, \"In 2011 and 2010, the mean sunshine hours during monsoon were quite less than the normal mean sunshine hours for the month of June, July and August. However the value of mean sunshine hours for June, July and August were near to the normal sunshine hours and stood at 9.9, 7.3 and 6.6 respectively\".\"The difference between last year's and this year's weather is that though the sunshine hours were nearly equal, as mild breeze keeps on blowing so the people don't feel uncomfortable.\" The effect of less sunshine hours also decides the weather conditions. \"The weather remains pleasant if the sunshine hours are less than the normal. However, it leads to high humidity. This year the difference is that the breeze has cut down the effect of high humidity,\" added Gill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16092724", "title": "Mormugao Port Trust mulls ore export terminal for Karnataka", "text": "PANAJI: The Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) has proposed to develop an iron ore export terminal at the waterfront of west of breakwater on a PPP mode basis to dispatch iron ore mined from Karnataka, for which the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) has called for environmental public hearing on September 16.Centre for environment WAPCOS limited, which conducted a comprehensive environmental impact assessment for the development of west of breakwater, in its report mentioned, that the 'Present scenario in railway connects MPT at Vasco da Gama station with the hinterland districts of Belgaum, Dharwad, Bellary and Uttarkannada in Karnataka state. These regions are important to the west of breakwater project in that they are major producers of iron ore and consumers of metallurgical coal and coke and equal quantities of coal/coke are proposed to be dispatched from port by a rail route from Vasco-da-Gama.'MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said, \"Around Rs 1,200 crore would be invested on this project and it would handle exports of seven million tonnes of iron ore.\"Pandiyan also said that in addition to this, there would be two barge berths and 70 acres of land would be utilized for storage of ore. GSPCB has requested all the concerned persons/authorities to be present for the hearing. The hearing was scheduled on July 24 which is now rescheduled.MPT wants to construct a berth over the mole of 270m length and 20m width.'Foundation will be on 900 mm dia. pile structure with four rows of piles. Centre to centre distance in longitudinal direction is 5m. The berth will have a deck level of (+5.50 m) and will cater to berthing of non-cargo vessels. Presently, the draft available is -5.00 to -5.50m and the same will be dredged to -8.0m,' stated the EIA report submitted to the GSPCB.The ambient suspended particulate matter, which was conducted, has observed that the average suspended particulate measure levels as observed at various stations in the study area ranged from 86.8 to 124.6 g/m3 and 72.0 to 85.1 g/m3 for the years 2010 and 2011 respectively.The highest SPM value of 204.2 g/m3 was recorded at MPT institute/railway traffic manager office, Baina, Vasco.As per the norms, the SPM should not exceed value of 200 g/m3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16118127", "title": "Gulshan Grover in Tigmanshu Dhulia's next film", "text": "L ast seen in Saif Ali Khan's home production Agent Vinod , 'bad man' Gulshan  Grover has now landed a meaty role in Tigmanshu Dhulia's next titled Bullet Raja that stars Saif in the lead.The film is based in Lucknow and sees Gulshan playing a wealthy businessman well connected with politicians and the underworld.A source close to the project told TOI \"When the script was completed, Gulshan was the makers' first choice. They have decided not to experiment with his looks, unlike the actor's earlier get-ups in many movies. His character, albeit negative, adds a lot of value to the film.\"Explaining how he was roped in, the source said, \"The filmmakers invited him for lunch without telling him what he had been called for. When they broke the news to him, he was very happy and hugged both Tigmanshu and producer Rahul Mittra. He is very kicked about his role and will soon have a session on the development of the character.\"When contacted, Rahul of Brand Smith Motion Pictures, confirmed the news and said, \"Gulshan is a fantastic actor and we go back a long way. Audiences are going to love him in this villainous avatar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16123747", "title": "Kristen Stewart\u2019s mum files for divorce", "text": "Kristen Stewart's mother Jules has filed for divorce from the 'Twilight' star's father John after 27 years of marriage.Jules filed papers on August 17 in Los Angeles - exactly a month to the day Stewart was snapped smooching with married director Rupert Sanders. According to TMZ, Jules, who went ahead with the petition without a lawyer, cited irreconcilable differences, the Daily Mail reported.Both Jules and John work in the film industry. Jules is a writer and director who has worked for Fox, while John is a TV producer and stage manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "istanbul (turkey)", "code": "16127873", "title": "Chess Olympiad: Indian men let United States off the hook", "text": "ISTANBUL (Turkey): Grandmaster Krishnan Sasikiran slipped in the final stages as India settled for a draw despite being at the threshold of victory against the USA in the fourth round of the 40th Chess Olympiad.Sasikiran missed out on a draw against world number seven Hikaru Nakamura towards the dying stages of the first time control which would have meant an excellent victory for the 13th seeded Indians against fifth seed opponents.The advantage was made possible by former world junior champion P Harikrishna who pulled off a sensational victory against former world championship finalist Gata Kamsky on the second board.Young Grandmasters Parimarjan Negi and Abhijeet Gupta put in their effort to draw with Alexander Onsichuk and Varuzhan Akobian respectively before the team settled at 2-2 after being close to victory.The draw proved costly as Indians slipped to joint fifth with seven points out of a possible eight. The lead is now shared by top seed Russia, Ukraine, Armenia and Hungary who all have a perfect eight points following four victories in as many matches.For each match win here, two points are awarded while a draw entitles one point apiece to the teams involved.While the men pitched in and the draw was still a good result, the sixth-seeded Indian eves fumbled big time and could only manage a 2-2 draw against the 19th seeded Serbian women in the women's Olympiad being held simultaneously.International Master Tania Sachdev saved the blushes on an otherwise bad day as Eesha Karavade lost to lower rated Maria Manakova while D Harika survived some anxious moments before holding out a draw with Natasa Bojkovic on the top board.The hopes were pinned on the fourth board wherein Mary Ann Gomes was facing a much lower-rated Ana Benderac but here too the game petered out to a draw leaving the Serbian eves something to smile about.Russia and France emerged as the early leaders in this section with a perfect score while Indian eves stand joint third now along with the likes of China, Georgia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Ukraine, Greece and Serbia.Harikrishna was the pick of the Indians as the onus was on him to deliver the goods with white pieces. The Hyderabad-lad showed his fantastic endgame skills to outwit Kamsky from a Ruy Lopez game. Up against a checkmate web, the American resigned on the 41st move.Sasikiran's position was close to a draw but he simply blundered on the 37th move to fall in a mating net. A few correct moves would have ensured the draw as the post game analysis proved.Parimarjan Negi played solidly and even pressed for sometime before signing peace with Onischuk while Abhijeet Gupta could not get much as white out of a Catalan opening against Akobian and drew in just 28 moves.Among the women, Tania was the only saving grace as she showed aggression and precision to win her fourth game on the trot here. Tania won two pieces for a rook and made no mistakes in converting her material advantage in to a full point in 48 moves.Important results round 4 open: USA (7) drew with India (7) 2-2 (Hikaru Nakamura beat K Sasikiran; P Harikrishna beat Gata Kamsky; Alexander Onischuk drew with Parimarjan Negi; Abhijeet Gupta drew with Varuzhan Akobian); Russia (8) beat China (6) 3-1; Azerbaijan (7) drew with Germany (7) 2-2; France (7) drew with England (7); Philippines (6) lost to Armenia (8) 1.5-2.5; Ukraine (8) beat Poland (6) 3-1; Slovakia (5) lost to Hungary (8) 1-3; Czech Republic (7) beat Norway (5) 4-0; Canada (7) beat Mongolia (5) 2.5-1.5; Argentina (7) beat Mexico (5) 2.5-1.5; Turkey (5) lost to Croatia (7) 1.5-2.5; Bosnia &amp; Herzegovina (6) drew with Serbia (6) 2-2; Montenegro (7) beat Greece (4) 3-1.Women: India (7) drew with Serbia (7) 2-2 (D Harika drew with Natasa Bojkovic; Maria Manakova beat Eesha Karavade; Tania Sachdev beat Marija Rakic; Ana Benderac drew with Mary Ann Gomes); Czech Republic (6) lost to Russia (8) 1-3; Slovakia (7) drew with Poland (7) 2-2; France (8) beat Argentina (6) 3.5-0.5; Germany (5) lost to China (7) 1-3; Cuba (5) lost to Georgia (7) 0-4; USA (6) drew with Slovenia (6) 2-2; Latvia (7) beat Belarus (5) 3-1; Ukraine (7) beat Netherlands (5) 3-1; Kazakhstan (5) lost to Greece (7) 1.5-2.5; Uzbekistan (5) lost to Bulgaria (7) 1.5-2.5; Israel (6) beat Romania (4) 2.5-1.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094774", "title": "Pakistan draws Mumbai shoppers with textile, marble show", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Made in Pakistan 2012' was thrown open on Friday when Pakistani traders put up on display an array of their fares\u2014textiles, marble, herbs and medicines, plastic products and dry fruit\u2014for the residents of Mumbai. The six-day event was jointly inaugurated by Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) president Haji Fazal Kadir Khan Sherani and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce Industry (FICCI) president R V Kanoria.\"There is enough scope to boost bilateral trade between India and Pakistan. Indian businessman may open their shops in Pakistan and vice-versa. India is likely to start exporting petroleum to Pakistan by June 2013,\" said Sherani. \"The recent developments in the Pakistan-India commercial scene have been encouraging and I believe the exhibition will supplement the ongoing process of dialogue between the two countries.\"Even as citizens thronged the exhibition, which was also attended by actress Poonam Dhillon, Shiv Sena members staged a \"silent protest\" outside the venue against the expo. \"Around 40 party workers staged a silent protested outside WTC. The agitators dispersed in a while, without creating problem,\" said Cuffe Parade police senior inspector Janardhan Kharat.Commending the cross-border event, Kanoria said, \"It will strengthen our relations and open avenues of economic cooperation. I laud the efforts of FPCCI and your entire team in making the event happen in Mumbai. Trade shows provide a platform for businesses and an opportunity to connect with people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103388", "title": "National Students Union activist set on fire, 3 arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: An activist of National Students Union (NSUI), the student wing of the Congress, was set ablaze on Friday allegedly by four persons belonging to saffron outfit Bajrang Dal under Shahpur police station area in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.Vijay Choudhary, Shyam Shukla, Abhinash and Vinod Mohra allegedly took Rahul Jain, 20, away to a place from his house saying that they want to sort out differences, the police said, quoting the victim. Choudhary allegedly poured kerosene on him and set him on fire, the police said.Two days ago, the victims and accused had a fight over some issue, police sources said.\"According to information reaching here, Rahul has sustained 30% burn injuries. I am on my way to the hospital where he is admitted,\" Betul SP Lalit Shakyawar told TOI.About the reported enmity between Rahul and accused, he said it they were investigating it. He said three accused had been arrested and a search was on to nab Mohra. \"We have already gone to his place but couldn't find him, he added.The victim Rahul, who is undergoing treatment in Padar Christian Missionaries Hospital, is stated to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088425", "title": "Mantralaya fire delays Nagpur Improvement Trust layouts' dereservation", "text": "NAGPUR: While the state government claims to have saved vital files from Mantralaya fire in June, the proposal sent by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for deletion of reservations of unauthorized layouts is not among them. As a result, the process of dereserving these layouts by NIT has been delayed. A fresh proposal had to be prepared and will be sent soon.State government is also to blame for the mess. The NMC general body took a decision to not acquire the layout where more than 50% construction had taken place in early 2011. However, urban development department did not clear the proposal for months. Eventually, the papers were consumed by the Mantralaya fire. The department did clear some layouts in the constituencies of MLAs Devendra Fadnavis and Krishna Khopade as they had regularly followed up their proposals.Of the 1,000 plus layouts that were under reservations for various agencies, most belonged to NMC. The civic body just did not bother to acquire them even though they were being encroached upon rapidly. Same is the case with police department, MSEDCL and other agencies. As the layouts reserved for police department had been encroached upon, it told NIT to delete the reservations. MSEDCL, however, indulged in a war of words with NIT over 17 layouts but did not do anything concrete.Divisional commissioner in 2011 had asked all government agencies to say whether they wanted to acquire or relinquish their claims to the layouts in three months. No agency responded. This apathy will cost the city dear as these agencies will now find it difficult to get land to cater to increasing population of the city.Residents of layouts under reservations are also paying the price for this apathy and Mantralaya fire. NIT does not clear the layouts under reservations and does not provide any amenities to residents. In other layouts, it provides amenities after charging development charges of Rs 50 per square foot.NMC and corporators too are prohibited from providing amenities in reserved layouts. Corporators, however, have done some development works using their ward funds. The layouts came into existence because unscrupulous developers sold land to gullible buyers claiming to be owners of the land or acting on behalf of of farmers who supposedly owned the land. In some cases, buyers were aware of the illegality but assumed that it would be regularized in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094084", "title": "Court directs cops to probe PO case against Kanda brothers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday asked Delhi Police to probe why former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda and his brother Gobind had to be declared proclaimed offenders in a 14-year-old cheque bounce case. Metropolitan magistrate Vikrant Vaid ordered the probe after the two brothers were recently acquitted in the case.The court said getting declared proclaimed offenders for evading court summons and warrants and cheque bounce were two different offences, and acquittal in one case does not absolve a person of the other offence.The court told this to the station house officer of Connaught Place police station who had appeared to seek clarification on whether further proceedings could be initiated against the duo, who have already been acquitted in the cheque bounce case.\"The offence under section 174 A (proclaimed offender) of the Indian Penal Code and section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments (NI) Act (cheque bounce) are two distinct offences. The acquittal of the accused in the compoundable offence under section 138 of NI Act does not bar investigation into the offence under section 174 A IPC,\" MM Vaid said, while directing the police to go ahead with the investigation and submit their report by September 10.The court had earlier asked police to file their report on actions taken against the Kanda brothers for avoiding court summons and warrants, by August 27.Gopal, the key accused in the suicide of his now-defunct MDLR Airlines employee Geetika, and his brother Gobind Goyal had been facing summons and warrants issued by a trial court ever since 1998 in the cheque bounce case, which related to dishonour of a Rs 4.10 cheque issued by them. But the two had failed to appear before it.Finally in May this year, the court had declared both as proclaimed offenders for not responding to its summons and avoiding its warrants. On August 18, Gobind was arrested for helping Gopal evade the police in the suicide case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16102667", "title": "\u2018Shehla might not have been killed in her car\u2019", "text": "INDORE: The first crime scene in connection with the Shehla Masood murder was tampered with, and it might be possible that the RTI activist was not killed in her car, said the defence lawyer Sunil Shrivastav on Friday following the statement of first witness ASI M R Uikey in the special CBI court. Shehla was found murdered in her car on August 16, 2011 in Bhopal.ASI M R Uikey was the first witness to be presented in the court by the CBI. He was first officer rank policeman to reach at the crime scene. Next hearing of the case is scheduled for September 18, when three witnesses will be presented before the court. Three relatives of slain Shehla- her maternal aunt Rabab Zadi, father Sultan Masood and nephew Rahil Hussain will give their statements in court.Advocate Shrivastav said according to the statement of ASI Uikey, when police reached the crime scene, body of Shehla was on the seat next to that of the driver's, and no one had seen the body on driver's seat.\"According to CBI charge-sheet, the RTI activist was murdered in her car when she was leaving for her office. Charge-sheet also says that Shehla was driving the car (she was about to start), but body was found on seat next to driver's seat. It means that first crime scene was tampered with before the arrival of police,\" stressed advocate Shrivastav, who is representing another accused Saba Farooqui. He added that the ASI had admitted in court about not seeing bullet shell at the crime scene.Advocate Parvez Aalam, lawyer of Tabish and Saquib, said that the ASI in his statement had said that when he reached the crime scene, the RTI activist's car gate from the driver side and its window was closed, while the gate and window of opposite side of driver's seat were open.\"According to the statement of ASI, who was first to inspect the dead body- Shehla was barefoot and there was no footwear in the car. Also, there is no record of seizure of footwear from the crime scene,\" said advocate Aalam, adding that normally people wear slippers, sandals or shoes before going out. How is it possible that Shehla was going to office bare-foot. This is doubtful and it will go in favour of the accused.\"ASI has also said that he was not aware of the items recovered from the car and if any panchnama of recovered items was done. Now it is the subject of evidence how footwear appeared at the crime scene, when initially it was missing,\" said advocate Aalam adding that the ASI has also said that he got the information from the control room about the murder in A 100 Colony (Bhopal) following which he reached at crime scene. Advocate Aalam pointed out that control room informed cop about murder in the colony, and not in a car in a colony.Both the lawyers who cross examined first witness said that more things may come out of closet in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096422", "title": "4 Delhi-bound passengers held in Jammu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security agencies offloaded four men, who were heading to Delhi, at Jammu railway station on Thursday morning. Sources claimed that the four men were detained for questioning at the joint interrogation centre.The \"operation'' was carried out on the Uttar Sampark Kranti Express which had set out for Delhi from Udhampur. However, there is no confirmation about any one of them being arrested.Sources in Delhi said there was \"specific intelligence'' available to agencies that said the four of them were either Pakistanis or trained in Pakistan and they were trying to conduct a reece of the capital. \"We were asked to set up vigilance across all railway stations in Delhi and J&amp;K.; However, there was no alarm behind the input and the intelligence agencies told us that the questioning would be routine,'' said a police officer.Northern Railway sources said the four were escorted out of Jammu station amidst tight security. \"We had asked our RPF men to be on alert too. However, the train was not detained beyond its normal stoppage time,'' said a source.It is still not clear whether any inputs talking \"of Pakistani men'' also spoke of a particular group like the LeT or the HuJI being involved with the incident. The special cell denied there were any specific threats to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16132305", "title": "BEST electricity wing incurs losses of Rs 450 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST electricity wing, which showed profits of over Rs 200 crore in 2010-11, had incurred losses to the tune of over Rs 450 crores in 2011-12.This was revealed during the audit discussions at the recent committee meeting. The BEST administration had recently hiked power tariffs in the island city and also increased fares for the red buses run by the undertaking. \"We expect to break even by March next year,'' said general manager Om Prakash Gupta, adding that the hikes were necessary to bring BEST out of the red.The audit report showed that the total losses incurred by the undertaking was around Rs. 847.7 crore, of which Rs. 397.76 crore was the loss suffered by the transport wing. The electricity supply wing, which had so far been a profitable venture for the undertaking, cross-subsidises the loss-making transport wing, which runs the BEST buses.The electricity wing made a profit of whopping Rs 206 crore in 2010-11. But the next financial year, the losses incurred were more than Rs 450 crore. The committee members said that the primary reason for the losses was the rate revision enforced as per the directives of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) in September 2010. According to the revision, enforced in 2011, the BEST's selling price per unit was reduced to Rs. 5.94 from Rs. 6.27 per unit, while the cost of purchase was increased from Rs. 3.98 to Rs. 5.06 per unit, reducing the profit margin.These rates were applicable till May 2012. BEST committee member Ravi Raja said that despite the losses incurred, the BEST may head towards profits within two years due to the hike in tariffs and bus fares. The BEST also plans to bring down its distribution losses by increasing vigilance for power thefts and bringing down the number of cases for unrecovered bills, sources stated. Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16102987", "title": "Milk helps drought-hit farmers stay steady", "text": "HUBLI: With severe drought in north Karnataka region affecting agriculture, many farmers are increasingly opting to rear cattle and sell milk in order to sustain their livelihood. A reason why despite the drought, milk production in the region has remained stable. The Dharwad Milk Union of KMF has been procuring a stable quantity of milk from the farmers here. To help farmers in the time of drought, the union has also taken some steps to alleviate their condition and to keep milk procurement going.While there have been cases of some farmers having had to resort to distress sale of livestock due to their inability to feed them, milk production has largely been unaffected. In fact, most farmers are trying to stabilize their income by holding on to their livestock and selling milk to the union.Farmers from Dharwad, Uttara Kannada, Gadag and Haveri have been selling milk to the Dharwad milk union on a daily basis which more than supplements their income.According to sources from the milk union, till last year, 33,000 farmers were members of the union. But now, the number has increased to 35,000. The drought has led to an increase in the number of members, who have been contributing milk on a daily basis. On an average, each farmer contributes 4-5 litres of milk daily and earns Rs 80-100 on it. Farmers are paid Rs 20.40 per litre, including Rs 2 as subsidy.The union procures 1.20 lakh litres of milk every day from the farmers now. Last year, the figure was 1.19 lakh litres of milk. In order to help farmers tide over the drought crisis, the union has now come forward to pitch in by way of supplying fodder to farmers. Speaking to TOI K Ramachandra Bhat, MD, Dharwad Milk Union said, in order to help farmers who have been selling milk in this critical time of drought, arrangements have been made to provide cattle feed to the farmers of the drought-hit districts under their jurisdiction.\"Earlier, we used to provide 750 metric tonnes of cattle feed to the farmers who are our members but after drought, we have increased the quantity of cattle feed to 1,100 metric tonnes. Cattle feed will be distributed to all farmers of our union through milk societies at an affordable price of Rs 10.50 per kg now. This will offer some relief to farmers in feeding their livestock,\" Bhat said.He said farmers of the Dharwad union have sufficient stock of dry fodder which can be used for another month.\"We have also plans to open fodder banks in all four districts falling under our jurisdiction to enable our members to get fodder in time to continue contributing milk to union. We are getting good quantity of milk compared to last year and milk production has not at all been affected by the drought,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16130211", "title": "Priyamani\u2019s Charulatha releasing on Sept 14", "text": "Charulatha, which has National Award winning actress Priyamani playing conjoined twins, will be releasing on September 14. The forthcoming horror trilingual is an official remake of Thai-Korean film, \"Alone\" (2007) and the makers are making it in three languages - Telugu, Kannada and Tamil.Mollywood actor Skanda is playing the male lead while Seetha, Saranya Ponvannan and Arthi are seen in important roles. The film is directed by Ponkumaran and produced by Ramesh Krishnamoorthy. Sundar C Babu is scoring the music for this film, which would be released by Geetha Arts in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16125305", "title": "Reemma furious", "text": "Tamil actor Reemma, who plays a cop in the remake of SA Chandrasekar's Sattam Oru Iruttarai, also plays the sister of the lead actress in the film.Apparently, some of the leading directors in the industry approached her to play similar 'sister' characters in their films, which irked the actress.The Aayirathil Oruvan actress has finally lashed out against those directors saying that she will not play such characters in films. Sattam Oru Iruttarai is directed by Sneha Britto and SA Chandrasekar is supervising the young debutante.Pia Bajpai, Bindu Madhavi and Radha Ravi play pivotal characters in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16090611", "title": "Youth kidnaps, murders neighbour\u2019s child for Rs 50,000", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old man has been arrested for kidnapping and murdering his neighbour's five-year-old son for Rs 50,000. The accused, Manish Gauda, realized that the child would be able to identify him and allegedly killed the boy even before he had made the first ransom call.The police on Friday discovered the decomposed body of Sagar Sharma from a mangrove patch in Charkop. \"Sagar's head had been smashed with a stone. The body was severely decomposed and he could be identified only on the basis of his clothes,\" said assistant commissioner Jaywant Hargude.Sagar used to stay with his parents in Ram-Rahim chawl at Ekta Nagar in Kandivli (W). On August 26, he stepped out of his home to play in the vicinity. When he did not return till late in the night, his parents lodged a missing persons' complaint with the Kandivli police.Sagar's father Shiv Sharan, who is a carpenter, then started receiving anonymous calls, demanding Rs 50,0000 as ransom to secure his son's release. He gave the caller's number to the police and a case of abduction was registered on August 28.\"We traced the number to a man who told us he had lost his SIM card a few days ago. We then contacted leading cellphone service providers and asked them for help,\" an investigating official said. \"We traced the stolen SIM to Gauda through the IMEI number of his handset. We picked him up on Friday. Initially, he denied any involvement in the crime. After sustained questioning, he admitted to abducting and killing Sagar to avoid being identified by him later.\"On August 26, Gauda took Sagar to Khan gully in Charkop and strangulated him. After smashing the child's head with a stone, Gauda dumped the body in the mangroves. Gauda gave two locations to Sagar's father to handover the ransom money, but never turned up to accept it. Gauda is a class XI drop-out and worked as a caterer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095125", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority clears three housing schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Soon, you will have more options to choose from for your dream house. The board of Lucknow Development Authority on Friday approved three housing projects in one stroke in a bid to bridge the ever-rising gap between the demand and supply for housing in the state capital.While one housing project will come up at Para in Hardoi Road, the other project will come up in Aishbagh. The board also approved an apartment scheme in sector-C of posh residential area Aliganj. Together the three projects will comprise around 5,000 apartments.While the Para and Aishbagh schemes had been announced earlier as well but could never take off, the apartment scheme in Aliganj is a new scheme proposed to come up over an area of around 6,000 square metres. About 500 apartments would be developed here under the affordable housing scheme, essentially comprising houses for the middle and low income groups.The Para scheme would be named as Kabirnagar scheme, in which the LDA has proposed to construct around 2,100 apartments for the economically weaker section. The scheme will also comprise 400 low income group units and 1,500 middle income group housing units. Likewise in case of Aishbagh project, which will be named 'Aman Apartments Scheme', will have 500 apartments, of which 250 will be constructed for the economically weaker sections. Rest of the units will be constructed for the low income group and the middle-income group.The old Para project, which was essentially meant for the economically weaker section under the 'Aashrayheen Yojana', came under the scanner after the quality of construction in more than 1,600 houses was found to be compromised. In fact, so poor was the quality that many houses collapsed on their own even before they could be occupied.LDA vice-chairman Rajneesh Dubey said that an inquiry into the construction of the housing units in the scheme has been completed and departmental proceedings would soon be recommended against seven engineers.Dubey said that they would be providing preferential allotment to those who had paid full amount in the previous scheme. LDA officials said that there are 49 such applicants who had paid their full amount, but did not shift in the units, as their quality was not up to the mark. These applicants will not be charged any extra amount also. The applicants who, though had not paid the full amount, but have been paying instalments will be returned their deposited amount with a decided interest. They would then be under preferential registration and subsequent allotment through lottery.Similarly, the Aishbagh scheme, which was initiated in 2010 and named as Aishbagh Towers, too has been revived. The scheme had to be shelved after the previous government did not issue a government order transferring the nazul land in favour of LDA, which had proposed the scheme. Thousands of people had got themselves enrolled in the scheme, which never took off in the absence of the site.The board, significantly, did not set a time frame for commencement and completion of the three projects. As a matter of fact, many of the housing projects in the state capital had been delayed for one or the other reason. The agency is yet to get along with its much touted 'Prabandhnagar Housing Scheme' and get the apartment scheme in Janakipuram completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16099677", "title": "Railways await Nashik Municipal Corporation response over expansion plans for Nashik station", "text": "NASHIK: Central Railway (CR) has sought land from the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for expansion of the Nashik Road railway station.\"The Railways are looking for land to expand their services, including the creation of additional platforms, at Nashik Road railway station. If we get the land now we would like to improve infrastructure to meet the demands that may emerge due to the forthcoming Kumbh mela. We are awaiting for the NMC to reply to us regarding our request for land along with ready reckoner purchase rates,\" a senior railway official said.The CR has sent a letter to the NMC seeking the transfer of reserved land to Railway for adding facilities in the corporation area.Former deputy mayor, Devyani Pharande said that the letter from the Railways was tabled in the House nearly a month ago. \"The electoral code-of-conduct that was in force at that time prohibited us from taking the issue further,\" Pharande said.The NMC has acquired land measuring approximately 1,72,000 square metres and reserved it for a 'railway terminus and allied activities' to be developed by Central Railway. The original owners of the land have been granted the transfer of development rights (TDR). The price of the plot is believed to be between Rs 70 crore to Rs 100 crore.NMC commissioner Sanjay Khandare said that he had received the letter and was in the process of working out costs involved. \"We will be quoting rates in the enxt couple of days,\" Khandare said.An NGO, Rail Parishad, has demanded that the existing railway station be developed into a terminus if land had been reserved for this.Railway officials however said that the CR was still 'considering' the proposal and nothing concrete could be said at present. The status of 'terminus' was a subject of discussion for the Railway Board, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16109377", "title": "'Chair disease' the big risk in office", "text": "MELBOURNE: Spending hours sitting in front of a computer screen in your office poses serious health problems, including heart disease, diabetes and obesity , a new study has found.Researchers found that workers who compensate for spending hours in front of a computer by using ergonomic chairs, standing desks and good posture are still likely to suffer back, neck, wrist and shoulder injuries.The research by the University of Sydney, found that increase in use of computers has almost negated the benefits of improved workstation design and posture, the Age reported. \"Workstation design has come a long way since the '80s and they are good changes,\" Karin Griffiths, lead author of the study, said. \"But what I also found was the proportion of people reporting symptoms has not changed much despite this ... [and] is not enough to keep up with health issues that arise from paperless, IT-dominated offices,\" Griffiths said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16101438", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to finish work on North railway overbridge by month end", "text": "KOCHI: Contrary to expectations, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) would be able to complete the reconstruction works of the North railway overbridge (RoB) only by September end. The actual plan was to finish the work by August end, before the Prime Minister's visit on September 13 for the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Kochi metro project.DMRC officials cited incessant rain as the reason for the delay. Shortage of workers during Onam festivities has also affected the pace of the work. DMRC has already placed girders of the new side bays, which are being rebuilt. The portion of the RoB over the railway tracks is yet to be built.\"The construction of the approach roads on either sides of the bridge is a time-consuming process. If the rain continues, the completion of work will be delayed,\" said DMRC spokesperson.The reconstruction of North RoB is part of the preparatory work carried out by the DMRC for the Kochi metro project. The district administration has already completed the land acquisition process to widen the approach roads. The DMRC is also involved in the construction of Salim Rajan railway overbridge, which the agency said, will be ready by January, 2013.Meanwhile, in a bid to speed up the metro project, the district-level purchase committee has fixed the value of land to be acquired along MG Road, Banerji Road and the South Railway Station Road at Rs 52 lakh a cent. The district collector said that 102.75 cents of land along these roads will be acquired in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095176", "title": "Cops shoot village youth in Rae Bareli", "text": "LUCKNOW: Special operation group personnel of the Rae Bareli police were thrashed by agitated villagers after the cops shot dead a local youth while chasing two listed robbers on Friday. Irate locals blocked the road demanding immediate arrest of the accused cops for the alleged cold-blooded murder in the name of police encounter.The incident took place around 3.00 p.m. when four men in civilian dress riding two motorcycles reached Lodhipur Uttrawan village under Lalganj police station chasing two unidentified miscreants riding a motorcycle. The miscreants allegedly left their motorcycle at the entrance of the village and tried to escape on foot. The four men on motorcycles however did not give up the chase and reportedly reached a house in the village trailing one of the suspects.As the police knocked at the doors of the house, an old man walked out followed by a youth who was later identified as Dharmendra. \"Even before I could enquire as to what the four men were looking for, one of them grabbed Dharmendra by his collar and fired a shot from a point blank range on his chest. Dharmendra slumped to the ground and died.\"The situation took an ugly turn when the villagers came to know that the cops have shot Dharmendra in cold blood. The mob then thrashed the four SOG men. Two of them however managed to escape from the site, but the crowd got hold of the remaining two who were assaulted with iron rods, sticks, rubber tubes and belts even after they were knocked out unconscious.It was only after the senior officials reached the site and pacified the villagers that the two cops were shifted from the site. While one of them was admitted to the district hospital in Rae Bareli, the second was referred to Lucknow as his condition was stated to be critical. Thereafter the senior officials also announced the suspension of the two injured cops and the in charge of SOG with immediate effect.However, it could not be established if Dharmendra was one of the two suspects that the SOG was chasing.In another incident of attack on police team, police inspector Sunil Tewari of Kamalganj police station in Farrukhabad district was critically wounded when residents of Tada Behrampur attacked the police team that he was leading to conduct a raid in the village. The officer has been admitted to the hospital and his condition is said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088525", "title": "New procedure confirms success of coronary bypass", "text": "NAGPUR: After a bypass surgery, the surgeon as well as the patient never used to be sure whether blood flow to the heart has resumed to normal. It was only when the patients (in up to 30% cases) came back with problems and a imaging was done that the doctors could know whether coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) was perfect or not.That is now a thing of past. Cardiac surgeons are adopting a technique called 'completion angiography' that can immediately check the success of the surgery and the blood flow through the graft. This procedure is possible only in hospitals having hybrid operation theatre where both cardiac surgeries and angiography and angioplasty procedures can be performed in one go.Dr P K Deshpande, senior-most cardiac surgeon of city and his team, has begun using this method in city since last three months. He along with Dr Vikas Bisne, cardiologist, has performed 12 such procedures. He had to take corrective action in one of them as the CABG was not perfectly done.\"I have been doing completion angiographies in patients who had undergone both, the conventional CABG procedures and minimally invasive cardiac surgery (MICS). I started MICS only since June this year and have done six CABGs using the procedure,\" he said dedicating the procedure to his father K G Deshpande on the 28th anniversary of his hospital.Dr Deshpande, as usual, made it clear that this method was already in use by doctors in developed countries. He also admitted he was not sure whether anyone in the country has done a completion procedure. \"I have not seen anything at least in the available literature so far. Since the new technique will lift curtain from his own fault, it is not going to be easy for any cardiac surgeon to accept it,\" he added. Dr Bisne said, \"this is a 100% confirmation that the graft is right. It is a documentary proof also of the doctor's work.\"Deshpande hospital was the first in country to set up a hybrid OT in March 2010. Now there are four. Dr Brian Pinto, chief of cardiology of Holy Family Heart Institute at Bandra in Mumbai who too has set up a hybrid OT, claimed that the 'completion surgery' was a good technique as it helped the doctor confirm the quality of graft and he had done 15 such procedures in the last two years.Another Mumbai doctor, senior cardiac surgeon Dr S Bhattacharya, however, had a contrasting opinion. He said, \"this is not a routine procedure. I don't see it as a development in heart surgery. I also do not see it as safe procedure to be done after a bypass,\" he said.Dr Deshpande maintains that the new technique is useful for the patient as well as the doctor. He said as per Dr David Zhao's paper published in the Journal of American College of Cardiology , 6.5-30% of the venous grafts get blocked within 18 months of bypass. Hence this procedure is a mirror to the doctor to know whether or not the patient would come back to him with any problem soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16095428", "title": "It is no walk in the park for city pedestrians", "text": "COIMBATORE: Data available with the police department indicates that pedestrian deaths are on the rise in the textile town, despite awareness campaigns and strict implementation of traffic rules. Increasing traffic, careless driving and alcohol consumption by both motorists and pedestrians contribute to the latter's casualty.According to police records, as many as 71 pedestrians perished on city roads between January and August this year and there are still four more months to go. Narrow roads, vanishing pathways and alcohol consumption make even a simple walk to the ice cream vendor potentially dangerous.Just two days ago, 51-year-old K Kumar of Tirupur, a security guard with a private firm at Nava India in Coimbatore, was crossing Avinashi road at night when a speeding vehicle knocked him down. He was under the influence of alcohol, the police said. He succumbed to his head injuries at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).The impractical layout of roads which has failed to keep up with the rapid changes in city spaces has also contributed to the rising deaths. In 2010, there were 34 pedestrian deaths in the city. In 2011, the number increased to 95. And so far this year 71 deaths have been reported. \"Both motorists and pedestrians should follow traffic rules and regulations. On some occasions, I have seen pedestrians jumping over the central median. Such carelessness also contributes to instant deaths,\" said T Senthilkumar, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime and Traffic).S Kanagaraj (28) was a dhobi along with his father N Subramani (60) at Mariamman Temple Street in North Coimbatore. On Monday at around 8.30 pm, he was walking on Mettupalayam road. When he tried to jump over the median, a vehicle knocked him down. He sustained serious injuries on his head and legs and died at the hospital. According to Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) police, Kanagaraj was under the influence of alcohol and thus may not have been cautious of his surroundings.TIW cops have identified major pedestrian accident prone zones in the city. Thottipalayam Pirivu which is situated on Avinashi road is the most dangerous area for pedestrians. Police say that a Tasmac shop is situated in the area and the road is frequented by patrons of the shop. Many accidents happen when they attempt to cross the road. Gandhipuram signal, Navaindia and Amman Kovil bus stop on Sathyamangalam road are other accident prone areas. Last year 245 pedestrians sustained injuries. This year, 175 pedestrians have sustained injuries so far.On 25 August, 55-year-old Swaminathan was trying to cross Avinashi Road near Thottipalayam pirivu, when a motorcycle hit him, killing him on the spot. S Saraswathi, wife of the deceased said that her husband was a mason. He had gone to Thottipalayam Pirivu to visit his mother. Their son Ranjithkumar (20) is unemployed while their daughter Suganya (17) had stopped her education due to financial difficulties. \"We depended entirely on my husband's earnings. Now, we have to somehow earn money,\" said Saraswathi.\"Speeding is one of the main reasons for accidents. We are taking severe action against speeding motorists,\" said city police commissioner A K Viswanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16101185", "title": "Prakash Karat coal policy differs from what CPM practised", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat seems to be shifting goal posts on the Coalgate debate to get around the widening gap between what his party does and what it preaches.In his article for CPM central organ People's Democracy, Karat argues that coal allocation and mining should remain with the public sector. However, during its tenure, the CPM-led government in West Bengal allotted five coal blocks to private steel majors \u2014 JSW and Jai Balaji \u2014 without any auction to set up steel and captive power plants in the state. In another decision that raised a controversy, the Left Front government assigned coal blocks to Sobha Ispat that later sold its shares to Shyam Shell.Not only that, Karat's own party agreed to Coal India's letting out blocks at Barabani in Asansol under subsidiary Eastern Coalfields to the RPG group. The Jyoti Basu government also entered into a joint venture with the Emta Group. The decision had sparked a fierce debate in the CPM's Burdwan unit.The CPM general secretary in his article also bored holes into the competitive bidding route saying that it would lead to private monopolies and push up the cost of power generation resulting in increased power tariffs. Compare this with the CPM Central Committee statement issued on August 17. It says allocation of coal reserves must be done through a \"transparent and objective competitive bidding.\"The dichotomy apart, Karat's taking a high moral ground has put the Bengal CPM in a quandary. CPM central committee member Gautam Deb believes the state government should arrange for coal blocks if steel and infrastructure majors such as JSW or Larsen and Toubro come up with proposals to set up plants in Bengal.\"I do not think privatising the coal sector is the answer. But I see no wrong if state governments allocate coal blocks to private companies in the interests of the state? After all, governments are accountable to the assembly or Parliament,\" Deb said.The CPM general secretary's argument that competitive bidding would push up coal costs is also not above question, particularly at a time when Coal India can't meet the demand of thermal-based power plants across the country. According to sources in the power sector, power utilities in coal-bearing Bengal get their bulk supply from the Mahanadi Coalfields, and not from the Eastern Coalfields with its coal blocks in Bengal. In a bid to meet their demand, both the state and central power utilities and the private CESC have to import coal from other countries, thus pushing up costs. Power operators argue that Karat's dependence on public sector Coal India that produces far short of the demand will lead to a spurt in coal import resulting in a further push in generation costs and increased power tariffs.The problem for Karat is that he provides an alternative that his own party could not pursue when it was in government in Bengal. Party politburo member Nirupam Sen, who also served as state power minister had briefed the Delhi bosses on the policy constraints from time to time and the party had approved the coal block allocation to private steel majors.\"Our party wants Coal India to make major investments in technology to improve its production capacity. But it did not happen. Further, the Odisha and Jharkhand governments took a decision that they will not supply bauxite and iron ore to steel and power plants unless they add value to the states. The decision made things difficult for us. No steel major was willing to invest in Bengal without having an assured supply of coal and iron ore. The Bengal government thus kept on insisting that it should get some of the coal blocks at their disposal. Accordingly, some coal blocks were allotted to Bengal government through the state dispensation route. The government thus allotted coal blocks to two private players in an agreement with the state-owned West Bengal Mineral Development &Trading; Corporation. But then, the state dispensation route has been done away with, putting coal blocks to auction,\" Sen said. Controversy arose as none of the steel majors \u2014 JSW and Jai Balaji \u2014 has come up with the projects as yet.State Citu president Shyamal Chakrabarty took Karat's side in opposing competitive bidding. \"Coal is a natural resource and the government should have control on it. This is our principled stand. The UPA government diluted its position letting out coal blocks to private operators. This will lead to anarchy,\" Chakrabarty said. When asked why the Left government in Bengal had allowed private players, he said, \"Bengal is not an independent country. We have been asking for a regulatory mechanism in coal pricing as well. But the Centre didn't pay heed. A state government has its constraints,\" the Citu president said, straining to marry the ideal with the real.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16116145", "title": "Shirish Kunder kicks off a new controversy", "text": "Shirish Kunder's alienation seems to continue. First Akshay Kumar , the lead actor of his film Joker, distanced himself from the film's promotions. His co-actor and friend Sonakshi Sinha , the leading lady chose to follow suit. And now, TOI has learnt, that Sajid Nadiadwala, a close friend of Akki's has decided to let go of Kunder from his next venture Kick.On August 29, we told you how the script of the Salman Khan starrer had been sent back to the drawing board. And now, we hear that producer Sajid has decided to replace the director of the film. According to a close friend of the filmmaker, Sajid after producing 18 films over two decades is considering direction. \"If things go as planned, Sajid himself will direct the film,\" said the friend. The aftermath of the Shirish-Akshay fallout started the night before the film, Joker released. \"Sajid and Shirish had a chat. The project, Kick had always been Sajid's baby. Shirish thought it would be better if the producer called the shots himself,\" added the close friend.Nadiadwala, who started off as an AC technician and then even worked as a spotboy before working as a production assistant in his uncle's production house, kickstarted his own banner Nadiadwala Grandsons with Zulm Ki Hukumat in 1992. \" Kick was his brainchild. He is really close to the subject. After having a chat with Shirish on Thursday night, he decided to don the director's mantle himself,\" said the friend.However, there are some who believe that Sajid's sudden change of heart was influenced by his close friend Akshay's decision to alienate Shirish. In fact, to TOI Sajid had recently said that though minor changes were being made to the script of Kick, the actor - Salman and the director - Shirish would remain the same. He had said, \"Firstly, I want to make it clear that Kick is indeed happening. Salman is the lead actor and Shirish the director.\" That was just a day before he decided to show Shirish the door.According to a source, Shirish and Sajid started having creative differences over the script much earlier. \"After the Joker controversy, Sajid decided to go ahead with the film without Shirish since it has always been his brainchild anyway,\" said the source.Meanwhile, Ek Tha Tiger director Kabir Khan is also in talks with Sajid. However, whether it was for Kick or any other project, is still unclear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16093069", "title": "Greater Noida e-way remains unsecure", "text": "Aniruddha Ghosal | tnnNOIDA: Even though the Yamuna Expressway has opened and the ride from Delhi to Agra can now be completed in a few hours, in order to get there commuters need to cross the 'killer' Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. In spite of increased vehicular pressure on the expressway after the opening of the Yamuna Expressway, safety measures in place are insufficient.The speed limits on the two expressways are exactly the same, but there is a world of difference as far as safety precautions go between the two. The Noida Authority floated a tender for repair work on August 20, but sources said that it'll be months before work can begin.Authorities maintain that the primary cause for accidents on the expressway can be attributed to speeding, however there are a number of infrastructural deficiencies on the road that have only increased the risk factor of driving on this road. Vehicular flow has increased on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway due to traffic using the route to travel towards Mathura, Agra and other parts of Uttar Pradesh.While the privately maintained Yamuna Expressway has a multi-layered security system to make driving safe on the route, there is no such system in place on the Greater Noida Expressway. According to sources, Noida Authority was supposed to take measures to ensure that the number of accidents on this stretch reduced, but none of these promised steps have come through.\"There was a plan to place armed security guards and a recovery van at both ends of the freeway to deal with emergency situations and accidents. Moreover, CCTV cameras and speed monitors were also supposed to be placed,\" said an Authority official on the condition of anonymity.Police officers admitted that due to problems of coordination between the four different police stations that monitor the expressway, there is no clear data on the number of accidents that take place on this stretch.Since its inception in 2002, the Greater Noida Expressway has been the site of hundreds of deaths. Between January and October 2009, 148 people lost their lives. In July this year, five people died while 10 were critically injured. In August 2011, there were three more deaths. With the onset of the winter, the traffic police fear that the expressway could see even more deaths before the end of the year unless swift action is taken.The expressway doesn't have sufficient signages and there are currently no foot over-bridges on the expressway. As a result, pedestrians and cattle alike can be seen crossing the road. There are no separate lanes for slow moving vehicles. The expressway has become a makeshift parking site for large dumpers and trucks proving to be a nightmare for those driving on the road at night.According to a random survey conducted by the police, 7 out of 8 accidents are caused on the route by stationary vehicles parked on the site. Further, no provisions have been made on the site for towing away vehicles. Currently, the entire stretch is monitored by just 6 patrol vehicles, three each placed on either side of the expressway. None of the other plans that were made by the Noida Authority have materialized.Tenders were floated by the Noida Authority on August 20 to repair the central verge, the expressway and the underpass with one year maintenance for the first 15km. However, there has been no indication from the Authority with regard to increase in safety measures on the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092722", "title": "Rain lashes Rajasthan, but it's hot in Jaipur!", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipurites slogged in the sun and suddenly the essence of the deluge has evaporated. It was a hot and humid Friday. However, rain continued to lash Ajmer and Jodhpur.Beawar in Ajmer district received rain and several areas were inundated. Houses in low lying areas in Beawar were under water.A resident of Delwada Road in Beawar, Madan Lal said, \"The city witnessed heavy rainfall from 4pm to 6pm.\"He said ponds and water bodies in Beawar are brimming.Ajmer, too, witnessed good rainfall in the evening. It also rained in Jodhpur. The Met department said Jodhpur received 24mm rainfall.In wake of the heavy rainfall in the state in the last 15 days, the medical health and family welfare department has directed the officials to conduct door-to-door survey of the houses to curb the spread of water-borne diseases.State's health director Dr BR Meena said, \"We are conducting surveys at all vulnerable parts of the state. But, so far we have not received any reports of any epidemic. The situation is normal.\"The ANMs have been directed to conduct door-to-door survey of the houses to keep a check on cases of malaria, dengue, diarrhea, typhoid and jaundice.Ajmer chief medical health officer Dr Laxman Harchandani said, \"All the district hospitals in Ajmer, community health centres and primary health centres have been put on alert. The situation is under control.\"The medical health and family welfare department has also directed all the chief medical health officers of the state to send daily reports of cases of vector borne and water borne diseases for proper monitoring.It was sunny both on Thursday and Friday in the city. The maximum temperature in Jaipur touched 32.6 degrees Celsius. Predicting the weather condition, the Met department officials said the skies will remain partly cloudy with light rain and thunderstorm in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16104975", "title": "Naga alternative arrangement talks positive, says UNC", "text": "IMPHAL: The fourth round of tripartite talks for an alternative administrative arrangement for Nagas in Manipur was held on Friday in New Delhi. The talks were held between the UNC, state government and the Centre.The UNC was satisfied with the outcome of the talks as the government representatives took serious note of their demands.Sources said during the talks, the UNC delegation led by its president L Adani submitted a representation highlighting its core demand to the government. The UNC sought for alternative or any interim administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur without involving the state government.The UNC, in a statement, expressed its displeasure over the inordinate delay in resumption of the talk process, saying it reflects disrespect for the democratic process of dialogue on the part of the Centre and the state government.After recapitulating the salient notes of the discussions held in the first three talks, views were expressed by the UNC on the legitimacy of their demand, said the statement issued by UNC's publicity wing. While A Chadha, special secretary of ministry of home affairs led the central team, the state government's delegation was led by chief secretary DS Poonia.Following immense pressure from UNC, the tripartite dialogue was initiated under the supervision of former Union home minister P Chidambaram. While the first meeting was held in New Delhi, the second and third meetings were held at Senapati in Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16096453", "title": "More young singers join the fold of Madras Youth Choir", "text": "CHENNAI: Ganesh S was never at ease singing in front of an audience. Now, he has let go of his fear after joining his schoolmates in choral singing.On Friday, he joined a select group when he sang a poem of Rabindranath Tagore followed by a Carnatic varnam in 'suddha dhanyasi' raga with richly-layered western harmonic parts. The Class 10 student and his friends are the latest addition to Madras Youth Choir's (MYC) junior choir, which celebrated its first anniversary.\"Singing on my own was difficult. But when I am in this group, I have learnt to perform with everyone,\" says Ganesh, a student of TVS Academy in Hosur. MYC, one of the oldest Indian choral groups in the country, has been trying to get more people interested in its unique brand of music through workshops. Now, it is set to launch a sub-junior choir for children under nine and a college choir.\"We want singing to be a mass movement that will integrate people,\" says D Ramachandran, secretary of MYC. When it was started in 1971, the group was supposed to do just that. All India Radio requested the late M B Srinivasan, who pioneered the Indian choral style, to compose group songs for youth. The composer, along with his wife, the late Zahida Srinivasan, academician Vasanthi Devi and K S Subramanian, set up the group and brought in school and college students.\"For the past 42 years, we have been meeting every Sunday,\" says Ramachandran, who joined the group when he was in college. The group has a repertoire of more than 200 songs composed by Srinivasan -- from folk songs, classical pieces, poems by nationalist poets, and lullabies in various Indian languages. The songs talk about nature, national integration, patriotism and social values and the singers adopt western techniques of harmony and counterpoint to present a rich tapestry of music.Some members of the senior group also double up as instructors and conductors. While many like Latha Unnikrishnan are into playback singing, Sharanya Bharath is happy to sing and sometimes jam with her grandmother Ramani Natarajan\". The biggest attraction for her is the songs. \"You sing with only a harmonium and tabla. You have to create the rest of the music with your voice,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16096433", "title": "Karnataka terror suspects made Skype calls to Saudi Arabia", "text": "BANGALORE: The 11 persons arrested on terrorism charges made calls on the internet to contact the kingpins of a plot to kill high-profile individuals in Karnataka. Skype was their favoured mode.Most of these men, including an engineer with DRDO and a journalist, are highly educated. They used internet telephony to keep their communications with their Saudi Arabia-based kingpins secret, and to cut costs.\"We have seized laptops and accessed the calls made by the suspects. The calls have been traced to Saudi Arabia,\" deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who is in charge of the home department, told TOI. \"More than 100 terrorism-related SMSs and emails have been accessed.''Police say the arrested men had plans to kill Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi, MLC and newspaper baron Vijay Sankeshwar and journalists Vishveshwar Bhat and Prathap Simha. Six of them were arrested in Bangalore on Wednesday and the others in Hubli.The state government has asked Interpol to probe the conversations and share its inputs with India. The suspects also made video calls on smartphones and laptops. Cyber experts say VoIP's biggest advantage over standard telephone systems is its low cost. Internet calls to Saudi Arabia are cost-effective and difficult to trace.Money trailAshoka said: \"The home department is writing to the ministry of home affairs ( MHA) asking for its inputs on the flow of money to these operatives. Even Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde has sought details. These people would not have gained strength without proper training. We suspect a couple of them trained in Saudi Arabia. One of the arrested men posed as a Hindu to get a job.'' Sources in the home department said Intelligence Bureau sleuths are camping in Bangalore since Thursday.Recce of soudhasThe police feel the suspects conducted a recce of vital buildings such as Vidhana Soudha and Vikasa Soudha. \"Hard disks from the computers used by the journalist at his workplace and other documents have been seized. The employers of the journalist have cooperated with us,\" police sources said.Why scribes were targetPrathap Simha, a journalist with Kannada Prabha, was a target along with his editor Vishveshwar Bhat. The suspects allegedly wanted to kill Simha because he had written a book in Kannada on the Gujarat CM titled \"Narendra Modi - Yaaru Thuliyada Haadi\" (Narendra Modi - The Untrodden Road) in 2008. \"A laptop seized from a suspect contains this book and a picture of Simha interviewing Modi,\" a senior police officer said. When contacted, Simha said: \"I have also written a book on Muhammed Ali Jinnah in Kannada.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16098516", "title": "Labour peace a priority for new industrial association head", "text": "NASHIK: The re-elected president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele, said that his priorities were to boost industrial growth, improve industrial relations and bring in new investment to the city.\"Industrial peace has been shattered due to the recent attack on three officials by company workers. My priority will be to maintain industrial peace. A special panel will be formed to monitor or avoid such situations in future,\" Bele said.He added that growth in Nashik had been stifled due to land scarcity. \"Industries are willing to set up their base here but land availability is still a hurdle. The MIDC has notified farmers' land in Wadivarhe, Gonde, Dindori and Sinnar, and has made entry into to 7/12 extracts. As a result, farmers can't sell their land as MIDC is not acquiring it. During my previous term as NIMA president, we had urged the government to create a time-bound programme and policy for land acquisition. A follow-up will now be pursued on this issue.\"The new president added that more would be done for the growth of small and medium sized businesses in the district. \"Efforts will be taken for the growth of SMEs in Nashik by way of buyer-seller meets with large industries, from within the country and overseas. \" He added that NIMA would undertake skill development programmes to help SMEs meet manpower requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094245", "title": "4 civic e-learning schools on cards", "text": "PUNE: The school board of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) plans to open four e-learning schools in the city.\"The plan to start four such schools in different parts of the city has been mentioned in the proposed school budget for 2013-14. Four different locations will be selected in such a manner that students from various areas will benefit. We have sought a budgetary allocation of around Rs 4 crore for the project,\" school board chairman Pradeep Dhumal told a news conference here on Friday.Dhumal said that the school board members submitted the proposal for the new schools as well as the supplementary budget to the civic administration on Friday.The civic body already runs one e-learning school where students are taught with the help of computers and with minimal use of books. The English-medium school Rajiv Gandhi Academy of e-learning is located in Sahakarnagar.E-learning is essentially a computer- and network-enabled transfer of skills and knowledge. E-learning applications and processes include web-based learning, computer-based learning, virtual classroom opportunities and digital collaboration. Content is delivered via the internet, intranet/extranet, audio or video tape, satellite TV, and CD-ROM.Dhumal said that there is a Rs 90-crore increase in the school budget for financial year 2013-14. The board had prepared a Rs 255-crore budget for 2012-13, while the budget for 2013-14 is of Rs 345 crore.Members said the board also plans to start music, sports and military schools in the city. The board has identified sites for these schools in Hadapsar. Projects for infrastructure development at schools, sanitation programmes, campaigns to create awareness about social issues are also on cards.'PMC spends around Rs 35k per student'Civic schools have around one lakh students and the board has submitted a budget of almost Rs 350 crore to the civic body. Board members said that they were spending around Rs 35,000 per student. \"The money is spent on students, infrastructure and staff salaries. If we consider all expenses, the cost per student works out to Rs 35,000,\" said chairman Pradeep Dhumal.Expense on student material increasedThe school board has set aside around Rs 13 crore for the purchase of educational material for students in the next financial year. During the current year, the board has spent around Rs 8.5 for the same. \"We plan to provide students material that is of better quality. S shoes, regular and sports, will be different and of a better quality. This year, the board also plans to provide educational material to kindergarten students, which has pushed up the expense,\" said board member Shirish Phadtare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16098525", "title": "Lodge protest against Maharashtra communal charge: Speaker", "text": "RANCHI: Speaker C P Singh directed the state government to register its protest against the political party that accused people from Hindi speaking states, including Jharkhand, to have instigated communal violence in Maharashtra.In his opening speech on the first day of the monsoon session, Singh said communal tensions were prevailing in different parts of the country since violence broke in Assam. \"The fallout of communal tensions was felt in Maharashtra where one of the political parties accused people from Jharkhand which is a matter of concern for us. The government should register its protest,\" he said.On coalgate scam, the speaker said representatives of the central government were rubbishing the report of a constitutional agency ( CAG ) bringing its credibility under scanner which is a dangerous trend. He said other central agencies should be allowed to probe and verify the truth.Asking the government to take immediate steps towards resolving the imbroglio in the matter of land acquisition at Nagri for setting up central educational institutions, Singh said further delay in addressing the concern of local people who have been protesting the government's move to acquire land might aggravate the situation.After the chair's opening remarks, the assembly paid tributes to the departed souls of VilasRao Desmukh, W Nimapacha, Satyanarayan Dudhani, Rajesh Khanna , Dara Singh , A K Hangal and Neil Armstrong.The speaker had to face the wrath of opposition Congress MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey who accused him of violating ethics by holding the office during the period when he was convicted by a court of law in connection with violation of public order. Dubey said Singh should have stepped down after being convicted on May 16 till the time he was finally exonerated in July.Singh asked him to resume chair and raise the issue under proper provisions \"You will have every opportunity to raise and debate such issues, do bring this to notice on Monday,\" the speaker told him.Singh was sentenced to a month's imprisonment in a 2005 case of breach of public order by burning an effigy of Congress leader Sonia Gandhi, but was immediately given bail.Chief judicial magistrate V K Mishra sentenced Singh to a month's imprisonment under Section 188 of the IPC. Singh had burnt an effigy of Sonia Gandhi at Albert Ekka Chowk in February 2005. He was the chief whip of the BJP at that time and was leading a protest against the dissolution of BJP-led government in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16119106", "title": "Sanam returns to Mollywood", "text": "Close on the heels of her debut, 'Cinema Company', actress Sanam has bagged yet another role in Mollywood. The model-turned-actress will be part of Ajith Pegasus' directorial debut, 'Ravu'. Interestingly, the film, touted to be a mythical suspense thriller, gives her the platform to play a modern, independent woman onscreen.\"It's a women-oriented film, and therefore offers me scope to perform. My character makes up the main thread of the story and the script is one-of-its kind,\" gushes the Bangalore-based actress. Sanam made her tinseltown debut with Kollywood flick Ambuli 3D, a sci-fi thriller, directed by Hari Shankar and Hareesh Narayan, after which she took up Mollywood's Cinema Company. \"Initially, working in a new language seemed like a nightmare. But I realised soon enough that it's not a barrier for an artiste,\" says Sanam, who was an IT professional before moving into the glamour industry.While she continues to be based in Bangalore, Kannada films are something Sanam has not given much thought to. \"I do get a lot of offers, but I'm not keen on taking up anything in Kannada as of now,\" she says.Currently shooting for Arvindaraj's Tamil film Chittu , Sanam is also part of Parasuram's Kalaiventhen , where she plays a double role. \"I have been careful about the kind of roles I take up, and I am lucky enough to have had some good offers come my way. I particularly like the scripts in the Malayalam film industry. Add to that the meticulous way the shoots take place and the friendly people, I feel quite at home in Mollywood,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi/ara", "code": "16098970", "title": "Ranvir Sena chief \u2018killer\u2019 arrested from Muri junction", "text": "RANCHI/ARA: Prince Kumar Pandey, the main accused in Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh 'Mukhiya' murder in Bhojpur district on June 1, was arrested on Thursday night from Muri junction, 50km away from Ranchi, by a six-member team of Bhojpur police with support of local police. He was living in Silli block of Ranchi district for over last two months to escape police.The killing of 'Mukhiyaji' had sparked widespread violence in Bihar, after which a five-member special investigation team was constituted to probe the murder. Later, a CBI investigation was recommended into the incident, but the central agency is yet to take up the case.Bhojpur SP M R Nayak said Prince has been brought to Ara and is being interrogated. The Bhojpur police team was led by a woman sub-inspector who was expressing her 'love' to one Yashwant Kumar, a friend of Pandey, for the last few weeks. The SP did not expressly deny the love twist and just said, \"Arrest is the most important thing.\" He, however, neither divulged details nor provided the name of the woman SI.The sim card used while hatching plans to execute the Ranvir Sena founder was found to be in possession of Yashwant, sources said. The woman sub-inspector used to call him on this particular number at night and have intimate talks, the sources at Silli who know Yashwant said. Under the cover of intimacy, the woman SI extracted details of Pandey from Yashwant, who runs a grocery shop at Silli. \"She expressed her desire to meet Yashwant, who readily agreed, not suspecting anything wrong,\" said a source.On Thursday, the woman SI and five cops, all in civvies, waited near Silli railway station. As Yashwant arrived there to meet his \"lady love\" and parked his bike near their SUV, the police team trained their pistols at him.A police officer of Silli PS said after interrogation Yashwant told the Bhojpur police team that Prince Pandey would arrive at Muri railway station around 8.30pm. The police team reached Muri junction, said a GRP police officer at Muri junction. Around 9pm, Pandey arrived there and was immediately arrested.The Bhojpur SP said that Prince Kumar Pandey and Nand Gopal Ram alias Fauji, two accused in the murder case, were absconding and a supplementary charge sheet would now be filed against them. Earlier, the Bhojpur police had filed charge sheet against six accused in the court of local chief judicial magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16121444", "title": "7 reality shows are equal to 7 super hit films: Akul", "text": "For someone who has spent 10 years in the film industry, you would think he would have had it easy, but for actor Akul Balaji, it was his stint on television over the past few years that has landed him films today. With over seven hit reality shows turning sleeper hits, the actor is all set to take his second chance at the big screen.The actor recently signed the comic caper Loosugalu , a multistarrer that will have Sri Murali, Shrikanth, Rekha , Aishwarya Nag and Shravya in lead roles. \"When director Arun Kumar came up with the script, I was rather surprised by the manner in which he narrated the story. The team was absolutely professional by giving me a bound script about my role in the film, my styling et al. It's a story about three protagonists \u2014 otherwise called as loosugalu , who meet at a common situation. The story is a time-based one; where I play a contrasting character as compared to the person I am. It's a challenging role, and I am happy to begin my second innings in Sandalwood,\" says the actor.After a gap of nearly three years, Akul has signed this project. Ask him about the struggle and he says, \"My first two films didn't really fare well at the BO and I didn't see the work I wanted coming my way. Just as I shifted my base to Hyderabad, I started receiving offers as an anchor for a new set of reality shows. My life changed drastically after that. The shows were not just well received by the audience, but I even won popular anchor awards in two consecutive years. Today, I feel that these seven reality shows are equal to seven super hit films.\"Akul also signed a new p ro j e c t , S h u b h a Vivaha , which is directed by choreographer-turned filmmaker Suri. His long - pending film Gagana Chukki ,opposite Sanchita Shetty and Bhavana Rao , is ready for release too. Nagashekar's Mynaa , sees him play a cameo. With movies offers coming his way, will he continue doing television? \"I am an entertainer and I have no qualms about working in any form of entertainment medium. In fact, there is more kick in doing television shows than films. The reach is undoubtedly bigger and the response is much faster through television,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "16121957", "title": "Two Revenue Department officials suspended in Yanam", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: A deputy thasildar and a village administrative officer in Yanam were suspended for their alleged role in preparation of forged documents in implementation of a Centrally funded scheme for management of floods.There were allegations regarding preparation of forged documents to procure Central funds for implementation of the Flood Bank Management scheme across river Godavari in Yanam an enclave of Union Territory of Puducherry in Andhra Pradesh.The two were suspended after a preliminary inquiry, the sources said.It was alleged that the signature of the regional executive officer (REO) was forged in the proposal for the funds.The Vigilance and Anti Corruption wing of Puducherry police had initiated investigation into the charges. A CBI probe has also been in progress, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16128423", "title": "Producer upset with Vijay fans", "text": "The producer of Kalla Thupakki, Ravidevan is miffed. The producer is already engaged in a legal battle against the Vijay-starrer Thuppaki over the film's title. Now he claims that Vijay's fans have been threatening him.\"I am already facing a lot of hurdles to release my movie and now, I am being threatened by people who call themselves Vijay's fans. I received more than 150 calls on my mobile in the last few days,\" he says.Ravidevan claims that he had registered the title Kalla Thupakki in 2009 and had been renewing it every year after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16098314", "title": "To safeguard against terror, police academy to raise boundary wall", "text": "NASHIK: Following the alert of being on the hitlist of terrorist outfits, officials at the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA) have decided to increase the height of the hundred-year-old structure's compound wall as a security measure.Officials said that the current height of the security wall around the training institute which is spread over 260 acres, is around six feet. A new proposal outlines the need to increase it by another two feet.As of now, the administration at the MPA has erected a soft partition above the security wall to obstruct views of the training institute from the busy Nashik-Trimbakeshwar Road. The plan is now to replace the partition with a concrete wall on all sides.The MPA's main entrance will also have two security guards covertly deployed round-the-clock to monitor movement beyond the security wall.Sources said that it may take a while to increase the height of the wall as the proposal for funds requiredfor the project has been sent to the government. Nonetheless, officials have been maintaining that the security of the institute continues to be in safe hands.Last month MPA director Sanjay Barve said the institute was well-equipped to handle any eventuality concerning security issues.Last month, suspected captured terrorist Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's had made a statement to the Delhi police that his outfit had planned a major attack on Maharashtra Police Academy in 2009. He has also said that Laskhar-e-Taiba terrorists in Pakistan may still be working on the plan to attack the institute.Jundal was also the mastermind behind the attack that was to be carried out on MPA in 2010. Another suspected terrorist Sheikh Lalbaba Farid, alias Bilal,a reported member of LeT, had also carried out a reccee of the Nashik police commissionerate and Army Camp at Deolali, was arrested by the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) from Satpur on September 8, 2010.Jundal was declared absconding soon after the story on the recce broke.Following Jundal's arrest the ATS has issued an arrest warrant after submitting an application in the court of the chief judicial magistrate in Nashik.Two State Reserve Police Force platoons have been stationed at the MPA since the last one month. The city police have also combed the area around the police training institute, noting down residents' information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16121147", "title": "Akanksha gets a makeover for her next", "text": "Last year, one of the most sought after debuts was of Akanksha Mansurkar. The leggy actor sizzled as the demure girl-nextdoor from Assam, Olave Mandara in the picture. Now, she has undergone a complete makeover for her role in the Aditya-starrer 'Edegarike'.The actor, who donned mostly Indian clothes for her debut flick, will be seen in some hot western wear in this film. Take a look at one of her scorching new pictures and you can spot the difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16110054", "title": "Man fires at accused in police station", "text": "LUDHIANA: An accused in police custody Daleep Kumar was shot at in the Sahnewal police station by a youth from Samrala, Mandeep Singh, on Friday. Daleep, 22, was arrested on Friday morning on a complaint against him for desecrating a religious scripture in an inebriated condition. He was booked for having hurt the religious sentiments under Section 295A of the Indian Penal Code. Mandeep Singh was arrested after he fired at Daleep while the victim is under treatment at a hospital. While the members of the particular religious committee were agitated by Daleep's act and were discussing a way to tackle the situation at Sahnewal police station, things turned ugly when Mandeep entered the station and opened fire at Daleep from his 0.32 licensed pistol leaving him seriously injured. The police were busy dealing with the people gathered at the station. Mandeep was booked under Section 307 for attempt to murder. Police have increased the security arrangements in the area in order to deal with the communal issue carefully. \"We had registered a case against Daleep after arresting him. Mandeep has been arrested and we recovered the pistol from him. The two personnel on duty, including a head constable, have been suspended,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16120467", "title": "Fun at Apple Muhurth in Kochi", "text": "The muhurath of Apple added more cheer to the festive spirit of the season. The event witnessed a host of fresh faces all set to test the waters in tinseltown. Actress Vaigha was spotted wearing traditional attire, while the menfolk went for casuals for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "16105452", "title": "Reserve Bank of India cautions against illegal finance companies", "text": "UDAIPUR: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday asked people in the northeast not to deposit money in unauthorised non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) and institutions expecting hefty returns.\"People should not deposit their hard earned capitals in unauthorised and illegal NBFCs and institutions expecting of getting heavy returns. The people should also inform the RBI and the appropriate authorities on these NBFCs' acts and lodge complaints against the banking services,\" B.B. Sangma, banking Ombudsman for northeastern states, told reporters.Senior RBI official P.N. Murthy said 118 NBFCs were functioning in Tripura and none of them have registered with the RBI or any authorised bodies.The Central bank officials were speaking to mediapersons on the sideline of a banking awareness programme at Udaipur in southern Tripura, 55 km south of Tripura capital Agartala. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16123981", "title": "Pink slams anonymous Twitter trolls for attacking celebs", "text": "Pink has lashed out at anonymous Twitter trolls who send death threats to celebrities.The outspoken singer was targeted by online bullies after she made a joke about Chris Brown miming on US TV.\"The internet has created monsters,\" the Daily Telegraph has quoted her as saying.\"People that wouldn't have the balls to say anything in person but they get a keyboard under their fingers and, well, there's that saying 'Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority'. There are so many haters in the world, so many miserable people,\" she said.After Brown's performance on the Billboard Music Awards in May Pink tweeted: \"One day if I lip-sych I hope I do it as well as him.\"\"It was a joke. It wasn't even meant like 'I hate Chris Brown',\" Pink said.\"Twitter brings out the best and worst people - myself included. I swear when I'm in my kitchen at 10pm at night I'm f---ing hilarious. When I read it the next day I'm like 'Hmm... maybe that didn't translate'.\"With the Chris Brown thing I got death threats for days. My favorite was 'I will snatch you within an inch of your life'. I don't know how that works exactly but whatever you want...\" she added.Pink's comments come the day after Australian TV personality Charlotte Dawson was admitted to hospital following a barrage of abuse from Twitter trolls who told her to \"go hang yourself.\"Pink also copped Twitter abuse to her account when she used the social media platform to announce she was the new face of Covergirl cosmetics.\"After the announcement someone tweeted to me 'Too bad they can't photoshop the bitch off your face',\" she said.\"I was like 'Ding ding ding! We have a winner, someone send that person a prize. They were probably all proud of themselves when they were writing it. But that's our society, that's where we're at right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16099343", "title": "After council polls, Presidency students climb atop buses", "text": "CHENNAI: An uneasy calm prevailed on Friday morning at Presidency College, where student elections took place amid tight security. A few hours later, a few students 'celebrated' their place on the council by climbing atop buses, while others rushed out claiming the polls had been rigged.\"We have been campaigning for nearly 100 days to secure this victory, and we are releasing our stress,\" said one who supported the winning coalition. A Gnanakarthik was elected council president, A Satish vice-president and K Prabakaran general secretary. M Malliga was unanimously elected women's secretary.\"The first thing we want to ensure is that all of us remain united and peaceful, and that this does not lead to fights,\" said Gnanakarthik. Other student leaders voiced similar opinions, and vowed to work to set right facilities on campus.All were relieved the elections went off smoothly, though some students were found drunk. \"Despite the occasional unrest on campus we have been conducting the elections annually for at least 70 years. The tradition has been retained to teach students the democratic manner of electing leaders by ballot,\" said political science professor V N Viswanathan.In a departure from electing students travelling by a particular bus route to and from college, most of the winners this year were 'non-bus route candidates'. Only vice-president Satish belongs to the 27H route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16105279", "title": "Gauhati high court tells govt to set up anti-bandh policy", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Friday asked the state government to set up a consistent policy to deal with the prevailing \"bandh culture\" in the state and to file an affidavit in this regard by November 15.The high court order came after city-based businessman Arun Pathak filed a PIL in the court. The petitioner pleaded for the state government to set up a compensation fund for to people who had suffered loss and injury to person or property due to bandhs.The PIL said, \"To impose exemplary damages of Rs 1 crore each on the All Assam Minority Students' Union and the Bajrang Dal for having called and enforced bandhs. To set up a bandh loss compensation fund by state government to which the aforesaid amount can be deposited.\"The PIL also appealed to the high court to direct the state government to initiate a suo motu criminal proceeding against both the organizations \"for having willfully violating the law laid by the Supreme Court\". The PIL held both AAMSU and Bajrang Dal as respondents in the case.Hearing the petition, a high court division bench said, \"The additional advocate general of Assam states that the matter is being looked into with a view to bring about a suitable legislation and also to take further legal action. The court is of the view that the state government has to have a consistent policy in the matter instead of taking action of selective basis. A proper affidavit has to be filed by the state government of Assam before the next date of hearing.\" The high court fixed November 15 as the next hearing date in the case.Even chief minister Tarun Gogoi earlier said that his government had not only decided to enforce the guidelines of the Supreme Court on bandh but also instructed the administration to take effective steps to realise the damages incurred by bandhs. According to Gogoi, there has been 23 Assam bandhs, 48 district bandhs, 65 road blockades and 13 rail blockades in the state since this January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089407", "title": "YSR Congress bandh call evokes poor response", "text": "HYDERABAD: The statewide bandh call given by YSR Congress on Friday to protest the state government's failure in resolving the power crisis evoked a poor response even as sporadic incidents were reported across the state.While the situation was normal in Hyderabad, it was no different in the districts with RTC buses plying as usual. However, tension prevailed at Pulivendula, the assembly segment represented by YSR Congress working president Vijayamma, when activists blocked the road near the bus stand after the police arrested one of Jagan's relatives YS Aravinda Reddy, who led the protesters.In Sriakakulam, MLA Dharma Krishnadasu had a heated argument with the police when his wife Padmapriya was arrested for forcing shops to down shutters. The agitators pelted stones at a school and office of Sriram Chit Funds at Ravulapalem in East Godavari. A school bus and windowpanes of the office of Sri Ram Chit Funds were damaged in the incident. Early in the morning in Hyderbad, Afzalgunj police took YSRCP leaders Gattu Ramachandriah, Janak Prasad and Shiva Kumar into custody when they were forcing the shops to down shutters.Addressing a news conference at the party office in Hyderabad on Friday, YSR Congress deputy leader Shobha Nagi Reddy said that the bandh \"was peaceful and successful except for a few stray incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103157", "title": "Release water from Omkareshwar", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) has directed the state government authorities to release water from the Omkareshwar dam and maintain it to the prescribed level to save the lives of over 4 dozen villagers who are on a 'jal satyagraha' agitation. About 51 villagers affected by the project are protesting the increase in water level and have refused to move from their land even as water has risen to their chins.The commission has issued a notice to the state government and the district administration of Khandwa on a complaint group of people from the civil society on August 31.The activists of Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) along with project affected people of the Omkareshwar project have been sitting in rising water to protest.\"A request was made by the complainants to reduce the water level of the Omkareshwar dam to 189 meteres and Indira sagar dam to 260 meters.\" Besides, the complainant demanded, rehabilitation of the project affected.After hearing the complainants, justice A K Saxena, acting chairperson of the commission, observed, \"If this is true, people in local administration seem to have lost their feeling which is serious.\"\"The officials of the district administration, the NVDA, the NHDC must realize what action can be initiated against them if some one dies after the water level rises.\"Taking cognizance of the complaint, the MPHRC has sought the reply from the government within a fortnight.\"The recommendation pointed that by the time administration comes out with its reply, it should ensure safety of people,\" said joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta.The notice has been issued to the chief secretary of the state, principal secretary of the Narmada valley department, commissioner Narmada Valley Development Authority (NVDA), divisional commissioner Indore, collector Khandwa, SP Khandwa and MD NHDC Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16104741", "title": "Britain tells Indian women to hide jewellery to prevent theft", "text": "LONDON: Amid growing incidents of jewellery snatching and burglaries in British shops, police in the east Midlands town of Leicester have advised women of Indianorigin to use a scarf or clothing to cover their ornaments while in the streets.The town with a large minority of Indian-origin has seen a spate of daring burglaries of jewellery shops owned by Indian-origin businessmen , particularly in the 'Golden Mile' on Belgrave Road, popularly known as 'Little India'.The road is called 'Golden Mile' due to the large number of jewellery shops there, with trade arrangements with jewellers in Gujarat and Rajasthan . The police have now issued guidance to the Asian community on how to protect themselves from muggers and thieves seeking profit from the rising gold prices, reports said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16103971", "title": "Karnataka terror case: JC Nagar road cordoned off", "text": "A day after six persons were picked up from a house in the area for alleged terror links, police cordoned off 1st Main, 1st Cross of Munireddy Palya in JC Nagar. Police were deployed around the house. Declaring it a prohibited area, police locked the house and didn't allow anyone to loiter near it. \"We need to scan the house again for evidence,\" a senior investigating officer said.Neighbours recalled that 'educated and qualified' occupants were very useful. \"We never had such highly qualified men in our mohalla. We were happy to talk to them in the prayer hall. But their arrest and charges of terror link has shaken us. We pray that all the allegations are false and they'll walk back freely. It'll hurt a lot if the allegations are true,\" they said. A woman who lived close by recalled that the men were very helpful. \"Some time ago, I was sick and requested one of them to bring the rations for me. From then on, they'd ask me whether I needed anything whenever they went to the grocery shop. Their arrest depressed me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102310", "title": "Techie in custody for setting woman afire", "text": "BANGALORE: A software engineer working in MindTree was arrested for allegedly setting ablaze a techie-turned-housewife in Jaibharatnagar, near Fraser Town, on August 27. The arrested man, Arun Babu, told police that he was in love with Dharani, 26. Her charred body was found in her bedroom.Dharani was married to Vinayak, an insurance officer in State Bank of India's Chamarajpet branch, one-anda-half years back. Vinayak was at work on the fateful day when neighbours found smoke emanating from his house. Police and fire and emergency services were summoned. The fire was doused and Dharani was found dead on her bed.\"We found that Dharani's lower limbs sustained burns. This led to suspicion that she might have been set on fire. She had quit her job with a software company 20 days earlier and was alone in the house at that time. The doors were open and her mangalsutra, a gold chain and rings were missing from the body. At first it looked like a murder for gain,\" police said.Close questioning of Venkatesh and other family members revealed that Arun Babu, who hailed from Coimbatore , which was also Dharani's native place, was her long-time friend and frequently visited her at house. Arun Babu is a resident of J P Nagar.\"Dharani's family said Arun was very close to her. Once we started questioning him, he told us that he had been in love with Dharani. He confessed that he had several times asked her to marry him.\"On August 27, he went to her house and asked her to marry him. But Dharani refused as she was married to Vinayak. In a fit of rage, Arun gagged her and she lost consciousness . He thought she was dead, removed her gold jewellery and set her on fire along with the cot and bed,\" said DCP (East) TG Krishna Bhat.He said Fraser Town police first took up a case of suspected death by accident and then converted it into murder . All the jewellery has been recovered. Arun has been arrested and sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16096012", "title": "Ahmedabad-Gorakhpur Express begins its run", "text": "LUCKNOW: The weekly Express train between Ahmedabad and Gorakhpur, which was announced in the Rail Budget 2012-13, has started its run from Friday from Ahmedabad. It will start run from Gorakhpur on September 2. The train will pass through Lucknow and Kanpur Central.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094306", "title": "RTO to intensify checking of vehicles", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Regional Transport Office (RTO) has decided to intensify checking of all types of vehicles in the city by conducting special drives every week on prominent roads in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.Sources from the transport body said that the decision to conduct such drives was taken after the serial blasts that rattled the busy Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1. Police have said that bicycles were used to plant the explosives at two spots on the road.Soon after the incident, the RTO had carried out a three-day drive across the city. Officials said on Friday that though it was difficult to reveal the exact number of vehicles checked during the drive, it helped sensitise citizens about unclaimed vehicles as well as appeal to them to carry documents about their vehicles.Officials said the RTO would undertake the drive for at least two days a week across Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.Regional transport officer Arun Yeola said, \"The number of vehicles in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad is increasing. There are a sizable number of unclaimed vehicles whose owners need to be identified to avoid misuse of these vehicles. The RTO campaign aims to identify such vehicles and to sensitise citizens about not indulging in illegal sale/purchase of vehicles.\"Yeola said the drives would be carried out randomly, in any area in the city. We have asked RTO inspectors to maintain details of the drive, which will help us identify areas with a high number of illegal vehicles on the road. RTO inspectors have been asked to take strict action against drivers if found with improper documents. However, the officials have been told to ensure that the drives do not annoy common people.Yeola further said that there was a plan to deploy special squads in the city ahead of the Ganesh festival. He said that people should avoid using scrapped old vehicles and inform officials about unclaimed vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089321", "title": "Metro caught in quagmire over fresh land allotment", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metro Rail project is poised to run into a fresh bout of legal tangle with the government allotting 15 acres of land at Raidurg, extending the rail stretch by 1km, and members of civil society planning to move court against the decision. They argue that the move is illegal and in breach of the concession agreement.As the proposed development of parking and circulation area at Raidurg is mentioned neither in the detailed project report (DPR) nor in the concession agreement signed by the state government and L&T;, the concessionaire for the project, civil society members have questioned the rationale behind allotting prime land at Raidurg at the cost of Rs 9 crore an acre when the market price is Rs 25 crore an acre.The government claims to have allotted the Raidurg land in lieu of a 14.5 acre plot in Osmania University which originally had been earmarked for parking facilities and better circulation of traffic. But civil society members rue that the extension of the stretch will be at the cost of public amenities at places in the interior areas of the city like Osmania University, National institute of Nutrition and Koti Women's College.\"If the land is provided at Raidurg after withdrawing the 14.5 acres earmarked for the project at Osmania University, how will they build a parking lot there?\" wondered C Ramachandraiah, a professor at CESS (Centre for Economic and Social Studies), who is spearheading the anti-metro rail campaign.\"There is a case pending in court on the alleged change of alignment and metro rail authorities have told the court that the alignment had not been changed. The proposed extension is in blatant violation of the agreement and we will challenge it in court,\" Ramachandraiah said.While hackles are raised over the government's move to allot land at Raidurg, shockingly, L&T; is learnt to have not been officially intimated about the allotment.\"Authorities in L&T; were taken aback by the urgency shown by Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) in acquiring land and the swiftness with which the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) transferred the land,\" said a source with knowledge of the development.While the extension plan and the allotment of land at Raidurg is bound to add to the escalating cost of the project, L&T; was still in the process of assessing the additional cost and calculating the delay the move is likely to cause.As per the concession agreement, the project must be commissioned within five years from the Appointed Date (July 5, 2012). But when the Appointed Date was announced, in July, the extension proposal was not mentioned. While each day's delay adds Rs 5 crore to the project cost, L&T; can invoke the force majeure clause claiming compensation from the government when it is officially informed about the extension move.While HMRL had placed the request for the Raidurg land at a meeting of the metro project task force, in November last year, no decision was taken despite persistent reminders. However, a source in the government said that the department of commerce and industries was obliged to allot the land after pressure from higher authorities with the order coming on August 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16097412", "title": "Order impounding Udhayakumar's passport set aside", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday set aside the order of the passport officer, Madurai, impounding the passport of S P Udhayakumar, convener of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) spearheading the stir against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP), observing that it was not a \"proper\" one \"complying with the principles of natural justice.\"Justice K Chandru, allowing two pleas filed by Udhayakumar, convener of PMANE, also set aside an earlier notice issued to him by the passport officer, asking him to surrender his passport and furnish explanation on pendency of 98 criminal cases against him in 15 days.Even before the court issued notice to the officer, he had impounded the petitioner's passport. \"This is not a proper order complying with the principles of natural justice,\" the court held.The passport officer had asked the Tirunelveli superintendent of police for a further report, the declaratory order from the competent court and that was not forthcoming. Only if criminal cases were pending in the court, the passport could be impounded. Just because an FIR had been filed, the passport cannot be impounded, the judge said.A perusal of the Passport Act 1967 showed that the proceedings in respect of an offence alleged to have been committed by the passport holder must be pending before the criminal court for impounding it.The judge, however, said if the circumstances changed, \"It is for the passport officer to act upon and adjudicate the circumstances and decide further action....\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095900", "title": "Rs 1.5L snatched from woman in Najafgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men on a bike robbed a woman of Rs 1.5 lakh cash in southwest Delhi, police said. The incident took place at furniture market in Najafgarh at around 3.30pm on Friday.The victim, Babita Yadav, had just left the bank along with her husband, D Yadav, and two children when the accused came on a bike and snatched away her bag containing cash.The duo was wearing helmets and could not be traced, said a police source. A case of snatching has been registered at the Nagafgarh police station and further probe is on, said a senior officer.Babita had planned to buy furniture from the market after withdrawing the cash. \"She had kept the cash in a polythene pouch inside the bag. We suspect that the accused were following her and as soon as she came out of the bank, they snatched her money. Despite the passerby and security guard giving them a chase, the accused managed to fled the spot,'' said a senior cop. Police has denied any incident of firing by the accused.The statements of Babita and her husband have been recorded. \"We have asked for the CCTV footage from the bank and hope to get some leads after scanning it. Some of the couple's acquaintances are also being questioned as they were aware about their plans to buy furniture,'' the officer added.Delhi police claims to be putting in a lot of effort to control street crime and the numbers have also come down drastically. However, 582 snatching cases were reported between January and June this year. While the number is less than 714 cases registered in the same period last year, the present figures still depict that over three cases of snatching take place in the city every day.Also, in June and July this year, three people were shot after they tried to stop incidents of snatching \u2014 in the first case, a man and his uncle were shot at near Tis Hazari area and in the other incident, a youth lost his life while trying to stop two minors from snatching his salary a day before Rakhi.The crime branch has pointed out 214 areas in the capital which are reportedly the most vulnerable in snatching cases. \"Weak police patrolling, poor street lighting and bad roads are to be blamed. Areas like Dwarka, parts of Rohini and the UP-Delhi border areas like Apsara border are the most vulnerable spots,'' said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16100836", "title": "Biker killed after truck rams 3 motorcycles", "text": "BANGALORE: Raghavendra Bhagat, 30, was killed and another person sustained serious injuries after a truck went out of control and hit three motorcycles at Sunkadakatte traffic signal around 11.15am Friday.Police said, Bhagat, a private company employee and resident of Nayandahalli, was on his bike at the traffic lights, along with two other two-wheelers. A truck rammed them as its driver could not stop in time at the signal.While one motorcyclist Santosh suffered fractures, a woman riding pillion on the third two-wheeler sustained minor injuries. Police said the truck driver fled the spot after the collision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16103278", "title": "Terror firma: Eleven in the police net", "text": "Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, journalistBorn on Sept. 9, 1985, in Hubli, Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui is the third of four children of a Hubli doctor. He did his schooling at a government Urdu school in Hubli, before moving to Hassan for high school. After his PU in Science from Nehru College, Hassan, Muthi-ur shifted to Dharwad where he graduated in Arts from Karnataka College. He later did a one-year postgraduate diploma in mass communication and media studies at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan. He worked for a brief while as a full-time reporter and translator in Dharwad, before moving to Bangalore where he joined an English daily as a subeditor/reporter in late 2008. Muthi-ur covered crime for two years before moving to education.'Punish my brother only if he is found guilty'Let the law of the land take its course if he is guilty. But I know him and my gut feeling is he is innocent. Many of you (journalists) know him for the past five years. He worked hard to earn a degree and do his PG diploma. He is a shy boy and soft-spoken . We lost our father in 2006 and mother in 2007. We have a sister who is married and a younger brother. Muthiur and I are our family's breadwinners.Ata-ur-Rahman Siddiqui | MUTHI-UR 'S BROTHER AND BUSINESSMAN IN HUBLIAijaz Ahmed Mirza, DRDO FellowThe Mirza brothers are natives of Hubli. Aijaz, 25, completed his BE from Basaveshwara Engineering College, Bagalkot. He joined DRDO as a junior research fellow on a two-year contract in January this year. The fellowship is sponsored by the central government to encourage youths to work in the science sector.Shoaib Ahmed Mirza, MCA STUDENTShoaib Mirza, 24, is a final year MCA student with Al-Ameen College, near Lalbagh, Bangalore. A sportsperson, Shoaib is passionate about cricket and football. He is said to be computer-savvy , both on software and hardware fronts.'On what basis did police arrest my sons?'Police are supposed to produce a warrant before arresting a suspect. They have to intimate the family soon after making any arrests. My sons have a rural background and cannot even think of harming others. They should be let free without even questioning.AM Mirza | FATHER OF AIJAZ AND SHOAIB, AND EMPLOYEE OF RAILWAY WORKSHOPWahid Hussain, MBA graduateHe is the youngest of five children. Wahid, 26, completed his primary education from Railway School at MTS Colony and high school at Lamington School. He completed his BBA course from Nehru College in 2007, and MBA at Tarihal College in 2009. After working for a few months in Bangalore, he was looking for job in Hubli. His father, Abdul Munaf, is a retired railway employee. His three sisters are married, while his brother Sarfaraz is physically challenged and owns a mobile repair shop in Harsha complex, Hubli. The family depends on Munaf's pension and Sarfaraz's earnings.Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur, doctorJaffer, 27, is the third son of Shaikh Rafiq Ahmad, who is deputy conservator of forests in the Watershed Development Department, Udupi. A bright and meritorious student, Jaffer secured 104th rank in CET, and did his MBBS in KIMS College, Hubli. He did his PGDC in neurology in Mangalore. He married two months ago. His wife is also an MBBS graduate, and the couple was preparing for the AIIMS CET examination. Dr Jaffer has two brothers and one sister. One brother is a doctor at a private hospital in Bangalore, while another has completed electronic and communication diploma and is doing his PG now. His sister is also a doctor in a private hospital in Dharwad. On hearing about the police action, I rushed to Hubli. We never thought this kind of thing would happen to us. Islam teaches us to respect the land we stay in and to pray. We don't think against the motherland even in our dreams. My son is innocent and we will get justice.Shaikh Rafiq Ahmad | JAFFER'S FATHERMohammed Yusuf Nalbandh, pvt firm employeeHailing from Bagalkot, Nalbandh, 28, took care of his family after his father passed away. He is the sole breadwinner of his four-member family which includes his widowed mother, a married sister and younger brother who dropped out of school. Working with a private consultancy in KR Market as a sales representative for three years, Nalbandh is extremely attached to his family. He would call his mother every day before dinner.'My son is innocent'Main anpadh hoon (I am illiterate). All I know is that my son is innocent. It is difficult to find a man like him. He is religious and well-behaved . Every night he would call to ask if I had had my dinner. He sent Rs 1,000 by post every month and that was my family's only income. I am confident he will come out clean. If he is found guilty, please hang me with him as I don't have any other means of life.Sakhina Bibi | YUSUF'S MOTHERMehboob Bagalkot, bar-bender", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16106941", "title": "Chaos to get registered for unemployment dole", "text": "KANPUR: Even after several conditions placed by the government, chaos prevailed at the employment exchange on Friday. The enthusiasm of getting unemployment allowance seems to be never ending.Hundreds of people were enthusiastic to get themselves registered as unemployed to avail the benefits announced by the state government.The increase in crowd at the employment office forced the officials to do the manual registration of the unemployed persons making a beeline at each counter. A large huge number of students, housewives and men have gathered at the exchange to get registered on the last of the month.According to the announcements made by the government, the people who have got registered in phase one (from May to July) will get unemployment allowance in September. The rest of the registered persons will get allowance after the end of phase one.The server of Lucknow website remained jammed throughout the day which added to the rush at the employment exchange.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had announced unemployment allowance of Rs 1,000 for those above 35, the middle aged people have replaced the crowd of youngsters hopeful of unemployment allowance.Ashok, a person waiting for his turn in the queue at employment exchange, said that the amount of Rs 1,000 can be utilised for saving purposes. Ramesh Kumar, a farmer, said the amount is very less and should be increased as the cost of living is growing.Ganesh Shankar alleged that there is back-door entry. Some people are being given a preference. We have been standing in the queue for hours and still not allowed to go inside.\"Shubhangi, a schoolteacher said that her job pays her less than the allowance which will be paid here \"So, if my form will be accepted, it will be like another source of income for me,\" she added.According to the information provided by the employment exchange officials, the CM will distribute unemployment allowance to the deserving persons. The date of distribution of unemployment allowance is scheduled on September 9 in first phase. Hectic preparations are underway at the state labour department these days for shortlisting the beneficiaries in phase one.In phase one, the selected candidates would be given the allowance for the three months May-July initially. An amount of Rs 1,000 would be given to the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100534", "title": "Rail reservation charts to have TTEs name too", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Railway Board has given instructions to zonal railways for mentioning the names of Train Ticket Examiners (TTE) in the reservation charts so that passengers may identify them and get their problems solved.In this connection, executive director, passenger marketing in the Railway Board A Madhukumar Reddy has written letters to all the chief commercial managers of the zonal railways so that the order can be implemented soon.It is worth mentioning that duties of ticket checking staff manning reserved coaches include guiding the passengers of the trains, and rendering assistance by co-coordinating with the railway staff of other department in case of need.The presence of on-board ticketing checking staff in the assigned coaches wearing proper uniform and identity badge is essential for ensuring proper guidance and assistance to the passengers.The letter mentions that several instances have come to notice in which the passengers could not be able to locate the ticket checking staff for seeking guidance.In order to enable the passengers to locate easily the ticket checking staff manning the trains for seeking assistance in case of need, it has been decided that the names of TTE/COR/Dy TS/TS responsible for manning the coaches shall be printed on the respective reservation charts of coaches through the PRS from the train originating station.The names of the TTEs/ conductors manning the coaches on end-to-end basis shall be printed on the reservation chart through the PRS. For all other trains, names of ticket checking staff deployed on the first leg will be printed on the chart at the train originating station.In case of a last minute change, the TTE/ conductor should make necessary correction in the chart by writing his name and designation on the chart.Zonal railways have been asked to issue suitable instructions for ensuring the above system.Instructions should also be issued that the names of the outstation TTEs/conductors manning the coaches many be obtained by the train originating station and incorporated in the reservation charts through the PRS.The letter further mentions that printing of reservation charts at any location should not be however delayed on this count.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088622", "title": "3-day national meet promotes women entrepreneurship", "text": "NAGPUR: Starting one's own business was once a dream for most, especially women. But with opening up of economy not just men but women too can realize their dreams. Despite the positive change in the scenario, there is a strong need to promote entrepreneurship among women.With the aim of making women more enterprising, Pratibha Shakti launched a three-day national conference on 'women entrepreneurship through science and technology' (WESAT) from Friday.Sharayu Deshmukh, chairperson of Delts Finnochem Pvt Ltd, Nashik, inaugurated the conference. Sharing her journey from a homemaker to a successful industrialist Sharayu said that there was an entrepreneur in every woman. One has to merely discover it to grow up. Deshmukh's mother was ambitious and wanted to see her children become successful. Deshmukh got married and carried out her duties as a good wife and mother. But her inner instincts kept pushing her to pursue her dreams. And when she found the right opportunity, Deshmukh transformed herself into a successful entrepreneur.While delivering the key note address, coordinator of the technology transfer division of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai, Smita Mule suggested that Indian women should develop indigenous technologies for imported products to make them more affordable to masses. She hoped that the Shakti conference would motivate many women into taking up newer challenges. She upraised the gathering about 'Akruti', a science and technology based programme for the benefit of the society.While mayor Anil Sole stressed on the need for active participation from women to make their presence felt in all spheres of life, Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal said that women should encash their inherent skill of being good managers.On behalf of the participants, WESAT chairperson Sugandha Garway and secretary Sheela Kulkarni assured the dignitaries that the conference would definitely create many more entrepreneurs in near future.As many as 400 students from all over the country are participating in various competitions and seminars being conducted during the conference. This is an attempt to enable the future entrepreneurs find their key to success. Deshmukh also inaugurated an exhibition on technology and entrepreneurship by women and for the women.Apart from plenary sessions, essay competition for school children, poster and power point presentations on business proposal for college students and research presentations will be conducted during WESAT. A total of 125 research papers will be presented during the Conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094055", "title": "Illegal shrines to get Centre's protection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reinforcing Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's declaration earlier this week that all 1639 unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization will get the legal tag, union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Friday opened the doors for colonies that may have been left out of the list. \"If they can prove that they existed prior to the notification of Masterplan 2021, we will consider the colonies for regularization,\" the minister said, asserting that people of Delhi will be protected from demolitions at any cost.Nath's populist announcements came on a day when a notification announcing regularization of 917 unauthorized colonies was expected to come any moment. The Centre also came out in support of religious structures on government and private land, declaring that guidelines were being formulated to regularize all such structures that came up prior to February 2007.The UD minister tried to justify this spree of regularization by citing this as the only option for colonies as well as religious structures considered to be encroachments. This may trigger chaos in the absence of planned development, but for the Congress, this is the only way to steer clear of the anger of residents of unauthorized colonies handed out provisional regularization certificates in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls and woo the voters for the 2013 Delhi elections.After we decided to regularize unauthorized colonies in 2007, we received 1639 applications. In the first phase, 917 have been regularized. Some colonies are located on ridge, forest or ASI land. For them we are trying to find a solution and, if necessary, we will even go to court. The colonies had all come up prior to the forest and ASI Act of 1994. The objective is to regularize all of them. They are there and nothing can be done about them,'' he said. For religious structures like mosques, temples etc, the minister said: \"We have to look at the ground reality. We cannot raze religious structures. All the structures which have been built before 2007 will be regularized and some way will be found to give parking space there. Guidelines are being worked out for this.''Dismissing fears that this kind of indiscriminate regularization will lead to chaos, Nath said regularization of unauthorized colonies will be taken up in a planned manner. Roads will be built and parking space will be earmarked for them. It is not possible to remove 40 lakh people. The government has learnt its lesson and now we have no choice but to regularize these colonies. All these residents have water and power connections and regularization is essential,'' he said. The UD minister added that they would consider colonies which had come up beyond 2007, if the residents were able to provide proof (like water/power bills) that they existed before the Master Plan was made in February 2007.The regularization of 917 colonies will benefit 40 lakh people in the capital. Replying to a volley of questions on whether regularizing unauthorized colonies will set a wrong precedent and encourage coming up of more such colonies, the minister admitted that was the case and pitched for stringent monitoring and greater accountability. \"I agree with everything. But we cannot demolish these structures because they have existed all along. Now we need stricter enforcement and greater accountability on the part of the enforcement agency which is MCD. The ministry does not enforce things,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16108157", "title": "Property worth Rs 1cr gutted in tyre market", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: In a mysterious fire that engulfed the entire Karbala tyre market on Thursday, property worth over Rs 1 crore is estimated to have been burnt and four concrete houses crumbled in the excessive heat. It took nearly 24 hours for five fire tenders to completely extinguish the blaze, not witnessed here in recent decades.One, Bhola Shukla, alone claimed a loss of Rs 70 to 80 lakh as his entire re-soling factory machines, huge stock of rubber, chemicals and old and repaired motor tyres perished in the blaze. In all, 15 shops and houses were burnt or completely damaged in the unseasonal fire.Five fire tenders from Muzaffarpur and Motipur were engaged in fire fighting exercise, but it was partially controlled only after each tender made 10 sorties. Presence of huge stock of rubber and chemicals fuelled the fire, sending leaps of flame into the sky. The magnitude of the fire can be guessed by the fact that at least four ceilings of so many houses caved in after excessive heat that melted the iron rods and concrete floors.Although none of the victims has so far expressed any suspicion of conspiracy, Shukla has not ruled out the fact that someone might have set fire to the market to grab the prime land, situated just by the side of court campus. An abandoned mobil oil container in the area has led to rumours in the area.The Town DSP and the fire station officer of the local fire brigade said on Friday that both police and fire brigade would try to identify the origin of the fire after the ongoing exercise to remove the rubble is completed. Presently, a JCB machine and a tractor were continuously removing burnt materials from the site to avoid any further accident. Three fire brigade tenders were still kept at the site in standby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089508", "title": "Overload hits Day 1 of Eamcet counselling", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thousands of students logging on to the Eamcet website on Friday caused the server to slow down, thus delaying the counselling process on its very first day. A server overload meant that students were forced to spend over four hours in selecting colleges and courses.The top 40,000 students had been slated to choose their colleges and preferred streams from out of a list of about 700 institutions on Day 1 of counselling. But the server drastically slowed down between 9am and 12 noon. The students from rank Nos 1 to 40,000 were given two days to choose their colleges and counselling for ranks 40,001 to 75,000 will be held on September 2 and 3.Eamcet officials, however, said that the problem arose as students tried to access the website by using their secret serial number (pin number) instead of the login id, something they say happened because the applicants failed to follow instructions.\"There was no problem with the server. The students were at fault,\" said K Raghunath, Eamcet counselling officer. By 8pm, just about 15,504 students out of the top-rankers had selected their courses. However, Eamcet officials said that the number of students who took admission on the first day of counselling had increased by 6.5% this year as compared to the Day 1 figures of 2011. Students, however, said that the website was getting stuck even after the problem had been reportedly fixed.All colleges, including those among the 85 which are authorised to charge a fee between Rs 50,200 and Rs 1.05 lakh, were selected by students on the first day. However, some candidates said that they had gone for colleges with lower fees, with the consideration being affordability. \"The colleges with higher fees figured in the bottom half of the list of colleges I have selected. The high fee definitely was a deterrent,\" said Prem Sagar, who has rank of 1,115 in Eamcet. In web counselling, students are allowed to select seats in any college based on their choice. However, seats are allotted based on the Eamcet merit list and the ranks of students. With the website getting clogged in the morning students said they had to spend a lot of time trying to access it. \"While I attempted to log on in the morning, the page did not load till 12 noon and I had to place my options over and over again,\" said S Rajashekar, 35th in Eamcet.The allotment of seats is scheduled for September 14. Meanwhile, the government is expected to issue its GOs on the fee reimbursement scheme and management quota seats on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16124110", "title": "Rain halts Ram Bhajan Zindabad's shoot", "text": "The crew of the movie \" Ram Bhajan Zindabad\" is facing trouble lately while shooting in Barabanki. Due to heavy downpour in over the last few days, the shooting had to be  stalled for two days.\"We were not able to shoot at all the past two days because of heavy rains in the city. The worst part is that 'coz of the rainfall, not only did the set get wet, but even the camera caught some moisture and couldn't work. It is only today that the weather has cleared. We are now planning to shoot a sequence in Badagaon, in Barabanki. The scene involves actors Seema Azmi (of \" Chak De...India! \" fame) and Kulbhushan Kharbanda,\" informed Khalid Qidwai, producer of the film.The film, a political satire, also stars Om Puri , Ram Sethi and Shweta Bhardwaj. \" Ram Bhajan Zindabad\" is the first in the list of movies to be shot in Lucknow and surrounding areas, starting this month. Among the most awaited are \"Dabangg 2 \" and \"Bullet Raja\". Another in the pipeline is Randeep Hooda's \"Shooter\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102797", "title": "This corporator shows the green way", "text": "BANGALORE: All the while when corporators complained about BBMP not lifting garbage from their wards, this 34-year-old woman corporator from HSR Layout ward has been working silently for a year on solid waste management.The corporator, K Latha Narasimha Murthy, is spearheading a campaign, 'HSR Goes Green' , through which she intends to make her ward stench free.\"I started the initiative a year ago by joining hands with Radio Active, an NGO, and we collected 7,000 tonnes of dry waste so far from the shops and residential units at HSR first stage. Dry waste is being recycled. The need of the hour is to act on ground and not complain ,\" she said.The population of the ward is one lakh and has 50,000 voters. With her ward being one of the hotspots for techies due to its closer vicinity to Electronic City, Latha has started spreading the message on solid waste management through her website.Latha's website has informative write ups on how and why waste must be segregated at source, which is compiled in a reader friendly Q and A format. One of the questions - \"What happens if I don't segregate the waste?\" follows with the answer: \"BBMP officials will visit your residence/shop and try to find the reason for not segregating the waste. Later, waste will not be collected and a fine will be imposed.\"Says Vidyasagar Punja, member, HSR residents welfare association: \"With the campaign \"HSR Goes Green\" , we aim to ban usage of plastic bags and to educate the residents on segregating dry waste and wet waste at source.What can you do?If you are a resident of HSR Layout, you can fill up the registration form online or drop it at a drop box located in most major stores in the layout. Or, just come and join us on September 1, 2012 at 9 am at Agara Government School ground (opposite Hanuman statue) in Agara and participate in the walkathon.Eco-friendly bags for veggie vendorsAs the ward will be observing plastic ban from September 1, the corporator has started distributing eco-friendly bags to vegetable vendors in her ward. Also, the self-help groups of women have been trained in reparing paper bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16091857", "title": "Nitish Kumar's good work as CM dents his PM prospect", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar may be hailed as an eligible candidate for the PM's post by many, but people in his home state are in no mood for his elevation.In a survey \u2014 conducted by an English news channel and market research agency Ipsosis \u2014 84% respondents in Bihar said they considered Kumar as the best CM the state had ever had. In comparison, only 64% wanted Kumar to become PM.Kumar's rise has spelled everyone else's doom in Bihar politics. Only 13% hailed RJD chief Lalu Prasad as the best CM. Former CM Jagannath Mishra and LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan got 2% and 1% votes, respectively.A significant number of RJD voters, too, do not want Prasad to come back. While 73% of his voters still stick with him, 27% show a vote swing. Among all voters, 56% do not want Prasad to come back.The survey, conducted in 125 out of 543 Lok Sabha seats covering 18 big cities, also shows JD(U) gaining more seats in the next Lok Sabha polls at the cost of all other parties. The survey forecasts 25 seats for JD(U) (a gain of five seats from its tally in 2009 elections), while only for Congress and a loss of four seats to other parties, including BJP.Bihar voters, however, want BJP and JD(U) to continue their partnership voting 70% for the alliance and scotching all speculation of JD(U) going with the Congress.Beset with allegations of corruption, Congress seems to be slipping even in states it considers its stronghold. In Delhi, where Sheila Dikshit-led government has got three consecutive terms and holds all seven parliamentary seats, people have overwhelmingly voted for BJP leader Madanlal Khurana as the best CM with 61% votes as against Dikshit's 39%.A majority of respondents even rated Congress's governance in the state as poor, with 55% calling it bad. More worryingly for the Congress, it is expected to lose five of its seven parliamentary seats in Delhi to the BJP in the next elections.In Haryana, too, things are not looking rosy for the Congress. While respondents are still in favour of the state government with 53% calling it good, 41% felt INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala as the best CM as against Bhupinder Singh Hooda who got 39%. Here too, Congress is expected to lose three of its nine parliamentary seats.The survey also focused on socio-political issues. While several political parties are opposed to reservation for women in Parliament, their voters think otherwise. As many as 76% respondents said India must have reservation for women in Parliament.It only showed improving gender sensitivity in the electorate which was further reflected 79% respondents saying they would spend equal amount of money on their daughter's and son's education.On the issue of dowry, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh turned out to be the worst, with over 80% respondents saying they would pay dowry for their daughters' marriage. Gujarat, West Bengal and Maharashtra showed better results with less than 40% agreeing to pay dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16102528", "title": "Mini-Gujarat in New Jersey", "text": "VADODARA: Even as the early Friday morning shootout at a supermarket in New Jersey raised anxiety levels among Gujaratis here who are worried about their kin settled there, the mood remains upbeat among the expatriate Gujaratis and the business community there, who hope that the incident would not have much effect on the success of World Gujarati Conference (WJC) opening in NJ on Friday evening.\"Location of the conference is quite far from the shootout site. We are not expecting any trouble here,\" Chetan Dedhiya, a builder from Vadodara, told TOI from Edison, NJ.\"It's a long weekend here in the US and we are expecting a large number of Gujaratis from other states of the US to converge for the inauguration in the evening. All hotels and motels around the venue are completely booked,\" he said.Conference regulars like Ram Kathakar Morari Bapu and folk artist Bhikudan Gadhvi, have already reached NJ. Nearly 150-200 visitors and exhibitors from Gujarat have reportedly arrived for the conference.Vipul Thakkar, president of the Baroda chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India ( CREDAI), who recently returned from New Jersey can't stop raving about the huge 1 lakh sq ft area, the venue of 'Chalo Gujarat NJ 2012' conference.\"The-third-generation of Gujaratis, most of whom are born and brought up with mainly American sensibilities, do not know much about Gujarati culture. This conference would give them some idea about our sanskriti, while their elders can get a feel of their homeland,\" says Thakkar, who came back two days before the conference due to personal reasons.\"Members from Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot and Ahmedabad have reserved 22 of the 50 stalls in the property fair as we are expecting a good response from NRGs who want good return for their money at a time when the dollar prices are reflecting inflationary trends,\" said Thakkar.Baroda Chamber of Commerce and Industry's NRG centre has also sent representatives to the conference with the hope of attracting investments in Gujarat. \"Our efforts have brought several investments to Gujarat in the past and we see no reason why this should not be the case this time too,\" said Neelesh Shukla, president of the centre.Association of American Indians in North America (AAINA), the organizers of the conference, are expecting nearly 50,000 guests from the UK, the US, India, Africa , the Gulf and Australia to attend the conference after their 2008 conference attracted over 30,000 participants. August 31 has been declared as 'Gujarati Day in USA', in recognition of the contributions of Gujaratis to the progress of the country.\"NJ has lot of Gujarati expats and the venue of the conference is located at a place where a large number of Gujaratis reside, so, they have lot of restaurants offering authentic Gujarati food, hotels, motels and businesses run by Gujaratis. The place even has branches of popular paan stalls from Gujarat. The organizers have recreated a mini-Gujarat in that place,\" said Thakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097572", "title": "CRPF chief consoles slain commando\u2019s kin", "text": "CHENNAI: The family members of Central Reserve Police Force commando S Prabhu, killed by naxalites in Jharkhand on August 13, were still in mourning when they were surprised by a visitor on Friday. CRPF director-general K Vijaya Kumar, who drove down from Chennai to Kuppatha Mottur, 12 km from Vellore, spent a hour at the newly-built family home and handed over the benefits from the Central government and from the force.The 28-year-old Prabhu, a member of the CRPF's Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) team, was killed during an anti-naxalite operation on the borders of Jharkhand on August 13. The body was flown to his village on August 15 and buried with full honours. More than 1,000 villagers gathered in front of Prabhu's house when the CRPF chief and a few officers drove in. Vijay Kumar, who heads the 225-battalion force spread across the country, spent a lot of time consoling the slain commando's parents. Witnesses said the villagers gathered at the spot were visibly moved by the gesture. At least 100 people from the 1,500-strong hamlet are employed in the armed forces, including the CRPF, sources said.Earlier, Vijay Kumar presided over the passing-out parade at the force's regional training centre in Avadi. Nearly 800 cadets are to be posted in various CRPF battalions across the country.The top officer spent more than 15 minutes to interact with the CRPF trainees at the new reflex firing range, which was inaugurated by K Vijay Kumar.The CRPF and other uniformed forces have retrieved more than 1,000sqkm of land from naxalites in Jharkhand, Vijay Kumar said. Talking exclusively to TOI, he said, \"we are also trying to retrieve areas controlled by naxalites in Sukma district of Chhattisgarh, whose collector Alex Paul Menon was kidnapped and released by Maoists a few months ago.\" A new syllabus had been drawn up for fresh recruits to help in the fight against naxalites, he said. \"We have established exclusive training centres across the country,\" Vijay Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16103075", "title": "Raman Singh seeks PM\u2019s resignation over coalgate", "text": "INDORE: Chief minister of Chhattisgarh Raman Singh on Friday demanded resignation from Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh over coalgate.\"Right to distribute coal blocks wrests with the union government,\" he said adding that the state government has no role in it. The chief minister, who was in the city for a day's visit, accused the Union government of ignoring the recommendations of the state governments while distributing the coal blocks.About the Lok sabha and assembly elections, Singh said Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will come to power at the Centre and in Chhattisgarh.He was talking to reporters soon after his arrival at Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport, here. \"The BJP will definitely form the next government at the Centre and in Raipur,\" said the chief minister, adding that at present, 10 out of 11 MPs in Chhattisgarh are from the BJP.\"In the next lok sabha elections, all the 11 MPs from Chhattisgarh would be from the BJP,\" said the chief minister. Regarding naxal issue, Singh said that his government has adopted both tough and soft approach in dealing with the sensitive issue.He admitted that naxalism was a serious issue, and needs to be effectively dealt with in the interest of the nation and the state. About the recent vandalism at the BJP office by the RSS workers, Raman Singh said though the issue does not come under his jurisdiction, but whatever happened was unfortunate.CM confident that in the next LS polls, all the 11 MPs from Chhattisgarh would be from the BJP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16101360", "title": "A P J Abdul Kalam gives kids 'wings to fly'", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Education gives you wings to fly,\" was the magic mantra given by former President Dr A P J Abdul Kalam to the students of Cathedral Composite Pre-University College and High School on Friday.The school invited Kalam for an interactive session with the senior school students. The topic of discussion was: \"I am born with wings\".Talking with students from class 9 to II PU, Kalam said: \"Only unique people are remembered forever and if a youngster wants to be remembered than he/she has to give their best to the world. The challenge is to fight the hardest battle until you achieve your destination.\"He also shared a secret of being unique with the students. \"We must have a great brain before we turn 20. We must acquire up to date knowledge. We must work hard. We must learn to defeat all problems and succeed in life. This is the formula to achieve uniqueness,\" said Kalam.Kalam asked them to remember: \"I am born with potential, goodness and trust. I am born with ideas and determination. I am born with greatness and confidence. I am born with wings. So I am not meant for crawling, because I have wings. I fly, I fly, and I fly.\"Happiness, he said, begins with the mother at home, \"Because a happy mother makes happy home. A happy home makes a happy society and a happy society makes a happy country. Tell your mother to be always happy and your father to be transparent (non-corrupt),\" he said.\"Energy free from fossil fuel will be the most important resource in the next few decades. India by 2020 will need 2000 MW of power and we will be generating nuclear power in next few months to meet our requirements,\" he said. The session ended with Kalam giving an oath to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16102379", "title": "AKVN would reply to DGCEI notice after receiving it", "text": "INDORE: The MP Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (I) (MPAKVN) will reply to the show-cause notice issued to it by director general of central excise intelligence (DGCEI) regarding the recovery of customs duty of Rs 21 crore to New Tech Abrasives, located at Pithampur SEZ, once it receives the notice.Talking to ToI, Sanjay Dubey, managing director, MPAKVN, said though we are yet to receive any official communication from the DGCEI, we would clarify the issue once we get the notice officially.Replying to a query if MPAKVN was the custodian of the SEZ, where the export-oriented unit (EOU) was located, Dubey said, \"It is true that we are the developers of the SEZ, but it is not our job to ensure recovery of taxes from the companies operating here.\"Asked if any action was taken by MPAKVN, Dubey, said, \"We had already registered an FIR against the firm for the alleged theft of power tariff valued at Rs 3 crore. Apart from that, we have discontinued the power supply to the firm. Also, we have forfeited the entire security money of the firm for non payment of power dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095840", "title": "No fatalities on Barapullah Road this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eleven lives were lost in nine accidents on the Barapullah elevated road in 2011. However, the flyover has witnessed no fatalities this year. Thanks to the speed-calming measures introduced by the PWD after the vulnerability of the road came to the fore. TOI had highlighted several unsafe spots on the corridor in January this year, terming the stretch dangerous.Citing safety concerns, traffic cops had written to PWD last December after seven fatal accidents were reported on the elevated road. Claiming that the stretch was prone to speeding and skidding, cops had asked the agency to place cat's eye reflectors on all exits and entries, and on railings near sharp turns. Speed reducing measures like rumble strips were also recommended. \"Kink and sharp curves in the alignment on both carriageways contribute to drivers losing control of vehicles. The stretch lacks signage and caution boards. It is urgent to conduct a safety audit of the whole corridor, \" the letter read.As a cautionary measure, PWD installed speed limit boards at frequent intervals along the stretch, informatory signs for accident-prone areas like the loop descending to Sarai Kale Khan, and sign boards warning of curves.\"Implementation of road safety measures has resulted in a sharp decline in the number of road fatalities, bringing down the figure to zero this year. We are hoping that this trend will continue and the elevated road will prove to be safer than it was,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The last fatal accident on the thoroughfare occurred in December when a truck rammed into an autorickshaw and then hit the railing, killing the driver and a biker. In an earlier mishap in October, two bikers had died after their speeding motorcycle crashed into the railing. While seven accidents took place on the carriageway towards Sarai Kale Khan, two occurred on the road towards INA market.Though cops' suggestions were initially opposed by PWD, traffic officials had pointed out that several sharp turns on the road act as blind spots for the driver because the visibility suddenly drops to only about 100 metre or less. The descent towards the Sarai Kale Khan side ends in a sharp curve that runs into Ring Road. The cat's eye has particularly helped slow down vehicles at this spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16090536", "title": "Lakadganj police wasted time in Chand Babu kidnapping", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's failure to act swiftly after the kidnapping of three-year-old son of a petty manufacturer-cum-trader for Rs 50,000 ransom has raised a question whether police's indifferent response had anything to do with the complainant's weak economic condition. A vigorous investigation had started within minutes when an more affluent industrialist's son was abducted last year.While last year, 8-year-old Kush Katariya could not be saved, the police response in the case was lightning quick. There is still hope alive in latest tension-packed kidnapping story. Victim Chand Babu Mohammed Shah Jahan's cries and calling out to mother could be heard whenever the culprits have been contacted to negotiate the ransom. \"My son is sick with upset stomach. He was crying and unable to say anything beyond calling me,\" said a grieving Khatija Khatun.Lakadganj police were indifferent when Chand Babu's family first came with kidnapping complaint on Wednesday evening. Chand Babu was abducted from his residence at Shanti Nagar by accused Irfan Ansari. Employed by the boy's father at his unit manufacturing hand gloves, Irfan had lured Chand Babu with promise of a chocolate.It is learnt Irfan later took the boy to his cousin Naushad Ansari's place in Small Factories Area in Kalamna. Irfan and Naushad left the place with the boy after having meals. At 11 am, Chand Babu's family members were told by Irfan he would shortly return with the boy. Late in the afternoon, Irfan's phone could not be reached. Naushad's colleagues informed that the duo had left the place by 2.30 pm with the boy.Chand Babu's family approached Lakadganj police but was urged to continue the search for some more time. Late in the night, officers of the Lakadganj police registered only a missing complaint preferring to ignore kidnapping angle. They took no further action despite the fact that the cops were told about Irfan and Naushad taking the boy and not giving proper information about their whereabouts. The cops did not do anything throughout Thursday too apart from calling for Irfan's call details.After wasting the entire day, police registered an offence of kidnapping late in the night. Joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena learnt about it at 10.30 pm and rushed to the police station where he took the staffers to task. Only towards Thursday midnight, action could begin with zonal DCP Sanjay Darade reaching the police station half an hour after Jt CP.After learning that the victim was somewhere in Kolkata, two teams of Lakadganj police were sent by Friday evening. Two officers proceeded by flight, some constables are following them in train which would reach at least 12 hours later. The reason behind choosing two different modes of transport for officers and constables was not clear.Chand Babu has a twin sister Chandi Khatun. They have two older siblings too. Irfan, who has offences registered against him in Bihar, had been working at workshop of Chand Babu's father for the last couple of months. Chand Babu's father Shah Jahan, who is now on way back to city from Bihar where he was spending Eid vacation, had faced losses earlier too as one of his employees had fled with money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101376", "title": "DLF to construct 45 rainwater harvesting units", "text": "GURGAON: In a bid to improve the depleting water table in Gurgaon, DLF claims to have begun the construction of 45 rainwater harvesting units in Gurgaon, which they say will also prevent flooding of the roads and low lying areas.Construction is under way to set up these water harvesting units in DLF City from Phase IV. The project on the whole, according to officials, will entail prevention of water logging and help in recharging ground water.Residents are however not impressed. \"If they were coming up with such a plan, it would have been better had they undertook the construction work before the monsoons arrived. The place is already in such a mess and ongoing construction work will only make matters worse,\" explained Mamta Bhatt, a resident of DLF phase III.According to a recent study released by CSE, there is no reliable data on the quantum of groundwater abstracted. Records of 2011 show that, Gurgaon, which has over 30,000 tubewells, extract around 70-230 million litres of water, per day. Going by this rate of extraction, the water table is going to decline by 1.2 metre every year. As per official estimates, in 2021, the NCR township with a projected population of 3.7 million will have a water demand of 666 MGD per day. Hence, it is important that ground water is replenished by all relevant stakeholders like developers, RWAs and the government, while alternative sources of water is being worked out by the HUDA.Speaking about the initiative, Lt Gen Rajender Singh, CEO, DLF Foundation said, \"We are fully aware that there is an urgent need to replenish the depleting water levels in Gurgaon. We have accordingly, initiated this project in partnership with SURGE. Our target is to complete the remaining 45 units over the next 6 -7 months.\"Meanwhile, a seminar on \"Water Management in Haryana with Special Reference to Gurgaon\" is being held on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16095137", "title": "Is the Panaji Kadamba Transport Corporation bus stand actually the Moon or Mars?", "text": "PANAJI: To say that the Kadamba Transport Corporation's main bus stand, poised at the entrance of the state's capital city, is in a shambles, is an understatement. The garbage and stench aside, what's become a daily nightmare for bus drivers and commuters is the washed-away tarmac.The bus stand presently contains crater-like potholes that the rains have turned into miniature swimming pools.\"The bus stand is supposed to be for buses, not ferries,\" said a passenger alighting from a Merces-Panaji bus. \"I have to go through this every day,\" she rued.Sachin Patel, a student, said, \"The buses stop anyhow, because they are trying to avoid the potholes. While alighting, we end up walking through the potholes. I've been going half-wet to school almost everyday.\"In an abysmal effort to tide over the problem, some of the potholes were filled with rubble. But this helped only to further muddy-up the water.The worst case of this is at the exit point. With the depths of potholes hard to fathom, commuters are subjected to rude tosses as the buses tilt dangerously.\"Sometimes there are three or four buses leaving the stand at the same time and they tilt really close to each other,\" described Jyothi Desai, an office-goer. \"I think the only reason there has been no accident yet, is because they are very slow while leaving the bus stand,\" she added.Apart from the exit point being narrow, buses slow down to pay the stipulated fee to the KTC staffer at the site.Shopkeepers at the bus stand complain too. Said one, \"These potholes are near our shops. Every passing bus goes through them and splashes water everywhere.\"The bus drivers cry helplessness. \"Our buses are getting spoilt. The suspension, steering rod, everything. The rubble they used to fill some potholes made the situation worse,\" lamented Sheik Daud. He claimed a bus even suffered a breakdown after riding over a rough patch. Drivers claimed they tried to complain, but KTC is not responding.Admitting to the torn roads, KTC managing director, Derick Pereira Neto, said the corporation is helpless due to the incessant rains.He said KTC has sent workers and a truckload of boulders to fill the potholes as a temporary measure and that the full tarmac will be asphalted after the monsoon.Built many years ago by filling up khazan land, the bus stand is at a lower level, while high-rise buildings have mushroomed around it. Rainwater therefore tends to accumulate in and around the bus stand. \"That is why the best solution seems to be a total reconstruction of the bus stand,\" said Neto. But no proposal towards this has been moved yet.Neto said the corporation will need to hire a consultant who will advise on what kind of bus stand is best suited for Panaji considering present needs and future growth.- With inputs from Nevada D'Costa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16094188", "title": "High tension wire snaps, two cars gutted", "text": "NOIDA: Two cars were completely gutted in a fire after a high tension wire fell on them around 5.30am on Friday. The incident occurred when a 33KVA wire snapped and fell on a Maruti Alto and a Tata Indigo in Sector 44 of Noida outside the Express Green apartments and reduced them to cinders within a few minutes, police said.As soon as residents noticed the fire, they informed the fire department which reached the site with two fire tenders. However, by the time the tenders arrived to douse the flames, the cars were reduced to junk.The superintending engineer of UP Power Corporation Ltd, CL Gupta, said, \"We are investigating into the cause of the incident. There could be many possibilities. The wires could have melted due to heat generated during electricity transmission, overheating, high load, etc. In all probabilities, the incident was accidental.\"Asked if the wires were too old to bear the load, Gupta said, \"We have no knowledge when the wires were installed. The life of the wires does not matter in this case.\" The Sector 39 police have registered a case.In another incident, the office of the principal of a government-aided school was set on fire in Sector 46 of Noida. Sources said the office of the principal of Bhawani Shankar Inter College was found burned in the morning on Friday. As per the complaint submitted by the principal, Hori Lal Nagar, to the police, some unidentified miscreants barged into his office late last night through the window and set one of the closets containing important documents pertaining to the administration and accounts on fire. The closet was completely gutted, the school authorities said.The station officer of Sector 39, Ramesh Prasad Yadav, said, \"The principal initially complained to us, but later was reluctant to give it in writing. We have, however, registered a case under Section 427 of the IPC (mischief causing damage) against unidentified persons and are investigating into who could be involved in the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16120333", "title": "Hemanth bags a Lal Jose flick!", "text": "Actor Hemanth Menon is excited about the latest film that has come his way. Lal Jose's next, 'Ayaalum Njaanum Thammil', will have him starring alongside Prithviraj and Narain. Though his role is not a fullfledged one, the actor is all excited. \"Big or small, that I get to work with a filmmaker as versatile as Lal Jose is a big thing in my career,\" says Hemanth, adding, \"Especially since he is one director who chooses even the actors doing cameos in his flicks after much thought!\"  Hemanth, who's betting on director Santhosh Sethumadhavan's Chattakkari , also has Thomson Villa at hand. \"I'm happy doing good roles \u2014 big and small \u2014 that are coming my way. Yes , good times are here,\" he shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089813", "title": "CBI court postpones Acharya bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court on Friday postponed the bail petition of IAS officer BP Acharya, an accused in the Emaar scam case, to Monday for further hearing. Arguing for Acharya, his counsel V Surendar Rao said, since the key accused in the case, Koneru Rajendra Prasad, had already been granted bail by the AP high court, his client should also be given bail. \"The question of tampering with the evidence does not arise as the CBI had filed the chargesheet in the case six months ago,\" Acharya's counsel told court.Srinivas Reddy seeks bailBV Srinivas Reddy, an accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) case, filed his fourth bail plea in the CBI court on Friday. The CBI has been opposing his bail plea on the ground that Gali Janardhan Reddy's personal assistant Ali Khan's examination was not yet over. But since Khan is now in CBI custody and the chargesheet in OMC case has already been filed, Reddy wanted court togrant him bail.SC puts off hearing in Vakapalli gangrape caseThe Supreme Court on Friday suspended for six weeks the order of AP high court directing the Paderu trial court to begin proceedings against the accused cops in the Vakapalli tribal women gangrape case. The SC made this interim order while hearing a plea filed by the accused cops who felt aggrieved by the HC order. The SC issued notices to the authorities and the complainants before admitting the plea and directed that responses be filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094982", "title": "III-tier air-conditioned bookings double in 5 years", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of passengers travelling by III-tier air-conditioned coaches in Western Railways long-distance trains has doubled to 20,000 per day in the past five years. To meet this demand, WR has so far attached 120 additional coaches to various trains, which is a 71% increase as compared to 2007-08.The demand for III-tier AC coaches is so huge that WR had added almost 600 coaches to long-distance trains on a temporary basis between June and August 2012. A single such coach in the old Integral Coach Factory (ICF) rakes can carry 64 passengers, while those in the new Linke-Hofmann Busch (LHB) rakes, manufactured by the Rail Coach Factory, can carry 72.Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, WR said, \"We have added 30 III-tier AC coaches in the current year in popular and premier trains like the August Kranti Rajdhani Express, Gujarat Mail, Avantika Express and Vadodara Express. This has resulted in a 12% increase in passengers in III-tier AC coaches.\"The highest growth was witnessed in 2008-09, when the number of passengers in such coaches rose by 23%, from 10,031 to 12,296. The demand for such coaches is huge as passengers consider travelling by these value for money. The popularity of berths in this category is so huge that WR has had to replace sleeper class coaches with III-tier ones in some trains, he added.Chandrayan said, \"We are going to attach an additional coach to the Golden Temple Mail and Paschim express from January 1, 2013 on a permanent basis. Reservation for these trains will start from September 1.\" Railway authorities have attributed the increase in demand for these coaches to affordable rates, increase in purchasing power of the middle class and extreme climate in the country, which makes travel by this category of coaches comfortable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097713", "title": "Karunanidhi, Stalin get court relief in defamation case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday stayed two government orders that provided for initiation of criminal defamation proceedings against DMK president M Karunanidhi and party treasurer M K Stalin.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar granted the interim relief to the DMK leaders, after their counsel P Kumaresan submitted that the criminal defamation proceedings had been initiated due to misconceived notion based on erroneous judgment.While the first matter pertained to a press statement of Karunanidhi published in the party organ 'Murasoli' in question-answer format, the second matter related to Stalin's response to filing of a criminal defamation complaint against him for his remarks about chief minister Jayalalithaa .Assailing the proceedings, Kumaresan submitted that the Supreme Court had held in a number of cases that free speech was the foundation of a democratic society and free exchange of ideas, dissemination of information without restraint, dissemination of knowledge and airing of differing view points were the basic criteria of a free society.He said the Tamil daily 'Murasoli' published the statements of political leaders without any intention to malign or defame the chief minister, and added, \"in its constitutional sense, defamation, the right to privacy and the constitutional right to free speech have to be harmonised.\" Kumaresan said that the law must ensure that for an offence of defamation the procedure for initiating proceedings should have sufficient checks and safeguards so as to ensure that it is not abused.He wanted the court to stay the operation of the three government orders and to dispense with the appearance of the DMK leaders in courts in connection with the defamation proceedings under challenge. He wanted the GOs to be quashed, claiming that they were being an abuse of process of law and unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16100286", "title": "Odisha plans to hike reservation ratio", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is considering to increase the ratio of reservation for Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) in higher educational institutions from 20 to 38%, said minister for ST and SC development, minorities and backward classes, Lalbihri Himirika in the assembly on Friday.The minister said the government was also taking steps to amend the Odisha Reservation and Vacancies (ORV) Act and would send the official file to the cabinet for approval. However, he said the government instead of waiting for this amendment had already implemented reservations on contractual appointment in certain fields like for Sikhya Sahayak and Anganwadi supervisor.Replying to an adjournment motion debate, the minister said the state government was taking several steps for welfare and development of STs and SCs. He said the government under a special plan has decided to provide land to landless SCs and STs families residing in 118 tribal sub-plan blocks. Himirika said the government had also planned to create self-employment opportunities for 4 lakh students through skill upgradation and placement-linked employability training.Members cutting across party lines participated in the discussions demanded the government to take early steps to amend the ORV act for the interest of the backward community.Initiating the debate Congress member Chakradhar Paika said the government was delaying to amend the ORV act even as this discussed several times in the House in this government. He demanded that the government should give an assurance to bring the amendment in this session. The Congress member said funds meant for development of SCs and STc are being diverted for other purposes during this government period and SC and ST department failed to check them. He said there was standing committee for welfare of the SCs and SCs which held its last meeting in 2010.\"The SCs and STs have virtually been neglected by this government, Paika said. The other opposition members agreed with Paika while treasury bench members lauded the role of government for their development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094771", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation uses new machinery", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), for the first time, used a powerful excavator, which can even demolish a nine-storeyed structure, during its demolition drive in Pimpri on Friday.Gulab Dangat, executive engineer, PCMC, said, \"This is the first time in Pune district that such a big excavator has been during the demolition drive.The forklift's arm can reach a height of 27 metres from the ground, thus enabling it to demolish tall buildings. The contractor has brought this forklift from Mumbai.\"\"Since the arm of the forklift is long, the driver's machine cabin can stop away from the building being demolished. This will minimize the chances of debris falling on the driver's cabin,\" he said.One unauthorized building, measuring 10,000 sq.ft, was completely demolished while another was partially demolished during Friday's drive at Kanvalram park, Vaibhavnagar in Pimpri. Earlier, Shrikar Pardeshi, municipal commissioner, few months back had said that the civic body has forklifts and machines which can demolish buildings having only four floors but there are many unauthorized buildings that have more than four floors. So the civic body had conducted demolition drives in which mostly buildings only upto four floors were demolished. It has hired the bigger forklains to enable the demolition squad to demolish the buildings having more than four floors. So the demolition drive against the unauthorized high rise buildings is expected to gain momentum with this drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16096388", "title": "Maya Kodnani gets 28 years in jail for Naroda Patia massacre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court in Ahmedabad on Friday sentenced former minister in Narendra Modi's cabinet Maya Kodnani to 28 years' imprisonment for her role in the Naroda Patia massacre, the bloodiest of post-Godhra riots in 2002. The 57-year-old gynecologist, who served as woman and child welfare minister from 2007 to 2009, was termed \"the kingpin of the religious riots\" by special judge Jyotsna Yagnik.Kodnani, the MLA from Naroda constituency, was among 31 people convicted on Wednesday of murder, conspiracy and taking part in the riots. She was termed the main conspirator along with former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi and seven others. The court inflicted harsher punishment looking at her role despite her being a lawmaker.Kodnani was serve a 10-year and an 18-year sentence back-to-back for murder and other charges, including inciting religious hatred. While other convicts were punished for unlawful assembly, Kodnani got punishment for criminal conspiracy.\"India is a secular state and such offence by the elected member of the constitutional body needs to be viewed by the courts very seriously where disharmony, hatred and enmity based on religion was created by instigation and where such crimes were abetted by her,\" the judge observed.The court refused to believe Kodnani's plea for mercy on the ground that she was a victim of politics. On the contrary, the court said that she was \"tremendously favoured\" by Gujarat police and all investigators had taken \"great care\" to see that she was not booked.Bajrangi, who was caught bragging in a sting operation, was sent to jail until he died for his role as one of main conspirators, instigators as well as his overt role in the massacre that took place about 8 km from Ahmedabad.On the roles played by Kodnani and Bajrangi, the court said, \"The communal hatred displayed by communally surcharged mob was on account of instigation of Kodnani and Bajrangi or on account of some vested interest who wants division of society on communal bases.\"The court refused to buy the theory that the Godhra carnage was the only factor responsible for this massacre. It observed that though the genesis was in Godhra carnage, the motive of the convicts was to commit crime by taking law into their hands. \"And this cannot be tolerated in a democratic country governed by secular constitution,\" it observed.Seven other convicts received sentences a minimum of 31 years, while 22 got standard life sentences of 14 years. However, their life term, as ordered by court, will start after other jail terms are over and that is 10 years making it 24-year sentence for these 22 persons.The court ordered severe punishment for the merciless killing and inhuman violence that marked February 28, 2002, as the \"blood day and the day of horrendous carnage\".Suresh Langado, who is among the group of seven that got 31 years, was the only person sentenced for 10 years for gang rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16119360", "title": "Mohanlal-Dulquer film pushed to next year", "text": "Looks like the wait will be longer for those waiting to see Dulquer Salmaan alongside Mohanlal in a flick. It was earlier announced that the duo will be starring in director Priyadarshan's next that was scheduled to go on floors this month. The roles that the two would be essaying also caught attention, with Mohanlal playing Dulquer's father in the flick.However, the latest from the Priyadarshan camp is that the film has been postponed to next year. \"Priyan will be busy with Nadodigal's Hindi remake till the end of this year. So the Malayalam film has been pushed to February 2013,\" says a close associate of the director, adding, \"Though he'll wind up filming the Hindi flick by October 5, he'll be busy with the post-production work of the film till November.\"The delay of the flick also means that it has freed up the dates for the two busy actors, who have already committed to other projects. Reportedly, Mohanlal will now allot his dates for Johnny Antony's Aaru Muthal Arupathu Vare , while Dulquer is set to star in Martin Prakkat's next, as soon as he finishes shooting for Theevram .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16097815", "title": "Mi-17 crash: Indian Air Force begins probe", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Forensic science experts examined the bodies of nine Indian Air Force (IAF) personnel who were killed in a midair collision between two Mi-17 helicopters near Sarmat range in Jamnagar district on Thursday.Teams of forensic and aviation experts from IAF had arrived here earlier from Pune and New Delhi respectively. Forensic experts had helped establish the identities of bodies which were charred beyond recognition. Postmortem on the bodies , which included that of the five officers, had already been done at Guru Gobind Singh Hospital.Once the identities of victims were established, the bodies were placed in coffins and arrangements made to send them to their native places in different parts of the country.Meanwhile, the other team began its probe into reasons behind the collision between the two helicopters during a 'live firing exercise'. The IAF had on Thursday ordered a court of inquiry into the collision. The team has put up a tent at Sarmat village and visited the farms where the two helicopters had crashed. The IAF has already recovered the flight data recorders and cockpit voice recorders from the accident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089721", "title": "Probe into Gali Somasekhar Reddy kin\u2019s unaccounted cash", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prisons department on Friday ordered an inquiry into the seizure of Rs 15,000 cash from Gali Somasekhar Reddy's cell in Cherlapalli prison. Gali Somasekhar has told prison authorities that the money had been given to him by his family members during a recent mulaqat.Gali Somasekhar is not a special class prisoner and is entitled to only 'jaali mulaqats', wherein he is separated from his guests by a mesh partition. Since handing over cash is not possible through the mesh partition, it implies that direct access was given to his visitors at the jail. \"A mulaqat has to take place in the presence of a jail official, be it the face-to-face mulaqat or the jaali mulaqat. So, there was a breach somewhere,\" prisons DG TP Das told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102935", "title": "Blanket ban on plastic", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP, which hasn't succeeded in implementing the ban on using plastic below 40 microns, has however decided to ban all kinds of plastic carry bags across the city. The council on Friday made a resolution and sent it to the government for approval.The council also passed a resolution to remove unauthorized flexes and posters on trees and walls across the city.UPROAR IN HOUSECorporators, who accused mayor D Venkatesha Murthy of taking bribe, were asked to apologize . While speaking about the delay in awarding garbage contractors and the lack of hygiene in his ward, KL Thimmananjaiah , a corporator from Peenya Industrial area ward, said, \"The tender process is still not done for these works as the mayor must be waiting for kickbacks from contractors.\"His statement created huge uproar in the council. The mayor asked Thimmananjaiah to take back his words. BJP corporators demanded for his immediate suspension.\"He must apologize in the council for making such baseless allegations,\" said MK Gunashekar , opposition party leader (Congress) in the council . Thimmananjaiah finally apologized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16090592", "title": "Two theft incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: Miscreants decamped with valuables worth around Rs1.95 lakhs from the residence of Ghulam Mehmud Khan at Prashant Nagar. The family returned from a one-day wedding trip Bhopal on Wednesday to see their house ransacked. The thieves seemed to have entered the house after breaking the rear grill window.In another case, Kalamna police have booked former supervisor Ramchandra Chourasia for his role in stealing Rs2 lakhs from the almirah of his employer Munnaprasad Chourasia on July 27 earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16105427", "title": "AGP rallies against violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP took out a rally in Guwahati on Friday in protest against the over-month-long unrest in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area. The AGP demanded immediate steps by state government to stop violence in BTC area and other parts of the state and also asked the Centre to implement the Assam Accord in word and spirit.Hundreds of AGP members led by the party president and former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta marched to the Kamrup Metro deputy commissioners's office and submitted a memorandum to the authority.Reiterating the party's demand on the Assam Accord, Mahanta said, \"It was signed to stop illegal influx from Bangladesh . The present violence in the BTC area which is also affecting other parts of the state is a result of the Centre's negligence in implementing the full terms of the accord.\"The AGP chief also blamed the Congress government for not sealing the Indo-Bangla border and alleged that it was indulging in \"vote bank politics\" with the infiltrators.The rally was also attended by AGP's former president Chandra Mohan Patowary. Patowary, who also took part in the dharna by AGP at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi recently, asked the state government to take stern steps to stop violence. \"Innocent people are being killed and thousands of others are still afraid to return home. It is almost over a month and the state government has failed to stop the violence. This is a place where all communities have been living since history and there are some extra forces who are trying to disturb the harmony in our society. The government must find them out and neutralize them,\" said Patowary.Earlier this month, the AGP chief had met the President Pranab Mukherjee and urged him to act fast on the recent violence. AGP alleged that the inmates of the relief camps were made to live without adequate supply of water, food, medicines, etc and lack of sanitation. So far, at least 96 people have been killed and over 2.4 lakh people are still residing in relief camps due to the recent violence in western Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107488", "title": "Sukhna adviser calls for revamping fishing codes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The belated crackdown on rampant poaching with nets and unregulated angling at the Sukhna Lake during breeding season has given the aqua-fauna a much-needed breather but experts have called for long-run steps to strictly regulate such activities. Advisor to the Sukhna Lake Committee and Professor Emeritus of Fisheries, M S Johal, while talking to TOI, said, \"There has to be a ban on angling from March to October as this is breeding season and the norm is observed across India. How has the UT fisheries department issued 154 permits last week? The officials can be prosecuted for this lapse. Fishing with nets is a complete no-go at the Sukhna. Specific angling spots should be set up and a bag limit enforced. Under the Punjab Fisheries Act, 1914, a fine of Rs 500 can be imposed on angling without a permit. The Act also lays down that no fish under the size of 30cm from mouth to tail can be caught. The UT should have a proper set of laws to regulate the fishing. Angling is a form of game sport for keen sportsmen. What is actually happening at the Sukhna is that people come from the colonies and hunt fish to sell in the markets and it becomes a money-minting activity. This is against the spirit of angling.'' Under its placid waters, the Sukhna hides a repository of aqua-fauna with 35 recorded fish species. Wild fish species caught from nearby wetlands were introduced to the lake decades back when it was under the Punjab fisheries department. The lake hosts plentiful Minnows, which are tiny fish relished by certain bird species like cormorants. Cultivated fish species introduced to Sukhna and the prime target of anglers are Major and Minor carps. \"Not more than 30 permits should be issued in a day. UT should set up an angling association like the one in Himachal Pradesh for regulated fishing. The ban on fishing at the regulator-end must be strictly enforced,\" added Prof Johal. While the fisheries department has been issuing permits liberally in the breeding season, it has not made any effort to fine offenders. The usual excuse is that the cops at the Sukhna let-off the offenders lightly when they are produced before them. While UT fisheries joint director Lovelesh Gupta evaded comment on Johal's recommendations, Chief Wildlife Warden Santosh Kumar said, \"I will examine the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, to see if we can prosecute fish poachers who are active outside the sanctuary limits.\" Unregulated fishing at the Sukhna this monsoon, which came after a long drought that effected the aqua-fauna adversely, saw poachers using fine-mesh nets to trap the young of fish. More than 50 anglers could be seen at the lake, far in excess of the permits granted. Larger nets were also used at the regulator-end where the water was coming in from the Saketri Nallah. As the breeding fish tried to swim against the surging current of inflowing nallah, poachers blocked the inlet into the lake with nets. Following a series of reports in TOI on the poaching, home secretary Anil Kumar ordered a complete ban on fishing at the lake on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16088847", "title": "Ex-MLA Arun Gawli goes from Dagdi Chawl to life in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Capping one of the finest efforts by the city police's investigation arm and its prosecution wing, a special MCOCA court on Friday sentenced gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli to life imprisonment for the March 2007 murder of former Shiv Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar.Although the state had pushed for the death sentence, the ruling comes as a major boost to the police force as this is the first time that a prominent gang leader from the city has been convicted in a major criminal case. Gawli used to operate from the warren of tenements called Dagdi Chawl in Byculla. He entered politics in 1998, floating the Akhil Bharatiya Sena, and became an MLA in 2004.At 11.25am on Friday, after a gap of almost a week since Gawli was convicted, the judge of the special MCOCA court called him up in court and said: \"Instead of death, I am giving you life imprisonment.\"The judge added that besides the life term for murder and conspiring to commit an organized crime, Gawli was also being sentenced to 10 years in jail each for extortion and being a member of an organized crime syndicate. But the terms would run concurrently. Through the hearing, Gawli betrayed little emotion, though his wife broke down.Ten of his accomplices, including two for whom the prosecution had sought death, also received life terms while the 12th convict was sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for extortion and being a member of an organized crime syndicate.Special judge Prithviraj Chavan fined the 12 accused Rs 1.5 crore\u2014Gawli was asked to pay the biggest chunk of Rs 18 lakh\u2014under various sections of the Maharashtra Control of Crime Act (MCOCA), Arms Act and the Indian Penal Code. If the amount is recovered from the accused, 40% or Rs 60 lakh, should go to Jamsandekar's widow as compensation, he ruled. In case they can't pay up, they will have to serve more time.Reacting to the sentencing, the victim's wife Komal Jamsandekar said, \"I am just happy with the verdict as justice has been done. Money will not bring my husband back.\"On August 24, the court had convicted the accused on charges of murder, extortion and for illegal possession of weapons. Jamsandekar was shot dead in March 2007 at his home-cum-office at Asalpha village in Ghatkopar at the behest of his rivals who had apparently given Gawli the contract for the murder.The court had also acquitted three accused, Surendra Panchal, Dinesh Narkar and Ganesh Salvi. Another accused, Sadashiv Surve, died this July.Several of Gawli's family members, party workers and residents of Dagdi Chawl, over which he has lorded for decades, thronged the court premises. Gawli's eldest daughter and corporator Geeta said: \"My father said the law was not followed. He also repeatedly said he wants an enquiry to be conducted to find out who the real killer is.\" Asked if she was relieved that her father had escaped the death penalty, Geeta said: \"Life imprisonment is an equally big punishment. We will fight against the verdict.\"Her mother Asha admitted that she was relieved that the death sentence was not awarded. \"My husband is a strong man. The last four years have been very tough without him. We had hoped for him to come out,\" she said.The other accused sentenced to life are the shooter Vijaykumar Giri, Ashok Jaiswar, Narendra Giri, Anil Giri, Sahebrao Bhintade, Sandeep Dangan, Shrikrishna Gurav, Pratap Godse, Ajit Rane and Suresh Patil.Earlier this week, special public prosecutor Raja Thakre had argued that Gawli, Vijaykumar and Godse deserved the death penalty and 'rarest of rare' was not a criterion to be considered in the special MCOCA case as the case was an organized crime.Thakre was visibly happy and said \"justice has been done\". The defence will now file an appeal in the Bombay high court after the detailed judgment copy is made available on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16099521", "title": "Education baron Jeppiaar gets conditional bail", "text": "CHENNAI: Education baron Jeppiaar, arrested in connection with the stadium collapse at Jeppiaar Institute of Technology that left 10 workers dead, was granted conditional by the Madras high court on Friday.Justice G M Akbar Ali directed Jeppiaar to stay in Nagercoil and sign before the judicial magistrate-I there daily for a period of four weeks.The judge said Jeppiaar was not in charge of the construction at the college, which came under a trust managed by his relative. He was convinced that stringent conditions such as making him stay at Nagercoil would ensure that he would not tamper with evidence or interfere with investigation or flee from justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095223", "title": "Omkar Tiwari\u2019s son got income certificate in a day: IA Kundan", "text": "MUMBAI: Omkar Tiwari, son of former principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari, received his income certificate in a day, despite the fact that such applications take at least a fortnight to be processed, admitted IAS officer and former collector I A Kundan. Omkar applied to then collector Kundan on January 20, 2009, seeking income certificate so that he could submit it with his application for an Adarsh flat. Kundan endorsed the letter and on the same day the tehsildar issued him the certificate.\"Normally, it takes 15 days to issue income certificate,\" admitted Kundan to the commission. Both Kundan and Omkar were allotted flats in Adarsh, while Tiwari himself has now been booked as an accused in the scam case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096592", "title": "New school bus norms debut today, but crackdown to wait", "text": "MUMBAI: The school bus policy will come into effect from Saturday as the Bombay high court on Friday declined to grant an interim stay on the rules. However, the crackdown on errant bus operators may not start immediately as the HC is slated to hear the matter again on September 4.\"The interests of schoolgoing children are paramount and their safety and welfare have to be ensured,\" said a division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Amjad Sayed while hearing a petition filed by the School Bus Owners Association. The plea had challenged the state's decision to implement the school bus norms.The judges scheduled the matter for hearing on Tuesday, when the state has been asked to respond to the objections raised by the association to the norms, including maintaining a limit of 40kmph and installing speed governors (See box).\"Forty kmph is good enough on Mumbai's roads. People are driving like mad, like crazy,\" said Justice Chandrachud. He, though, added that the criteria could be modified to 50kmph.The court asked the transport authorities to be \"transparent\". \"Efforts should be made to find a solution to ensure that the rules can be implemented in a fair manner,\" it added.Though the norms come into effect on Saturday, there will not be any crackdown on errant operators right now. State transport commissioner V N More said the department has not planned any immediate drive against such operators. \"The bus operators' association has opposed certain conditions in the new policy. As the matter is in court and has been adjourned for few days, we will wait for the final verdict before taking any action,\" he added.Advocate Venkatesh Dhond, counsel for the association, claimed that many of the provisions were \"absurd\". \"The schools are not interested in implementing the policy. We are at the mercy of the police authorities,\" he said.Government pleader D A Nalavade told the court that the state had begun the process of consultations in August 2009. \"The final policy was notified in June 2012. The association, however, filed the petition at the last moment. The state framed the policy to ensure the safety of schoolgoing children,\" he said.The court rapped the state for the confusion over speed governors. It initially asked the parties to amicably settle the issue through discussions, but subsequently said it would hear the matter on September 4.Of the 10,000 school buses in Mumbai, nearly 6,000 are old vehicles. There are close to 50,000 school buses across the state, which will come within the ambit of the new policy. There has been a long-pending demand from parents and school principals to make the buses safer, especially in Mumbai, which has seen accidents caused by the alleged negligence of operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16090148", "title": "Muslim students caught in a cleft stick", "text": "Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has tried to clear the confusion around the fee structure for engineering colleges, but certain sections of the student community still feel let down and some others remain apprehensive about their future.For instance, hopes of Muslim students to pursue quality education have come to naught. There are more than 700 engineering colleges in the state that offer a little over 2.25 lakh seats. Of this, the share of the Muslim students is merely about 12,000. Also, there are as many seats available in Muslim minority colleges which are around 50 in number. Not all those who qualify, seek or get admission in the minority colleges. Thanks to 4% reservation under the BC-E category, many students move into either government colleges or the better ones in private sector. Taking other factors into consideration it can be said that there are more seats available in the minority colleges than the number of candidates applying for the same.Only one minority engineering college\u2014Muffakham Jah\u2014figures in the top 75 colleges in the country. There are at least two minority colleges among the 50 in the state which have opted for the fee bracket of Rs 50,000 or a little more. That means that they would want to prove themselves better than the rest. Shadan Group of Institutions that runs 17 engineering colleges has decided to accept the cap of Rs 35,000 fee imposed by the government and not ask for any hike. \"Our target students are Muslims. We know that they are poor. There is no point in disappointing these students by increasing the fee,\" SGI chairman Dr Mohammed Vizarat Rasool Khan says.The late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy believed that the best thing he could do for the Muslims who had voted en-mass for him in 2004 is through the Justice Sachar Committee and Justice Ranganath Misra Committee reports that had clearly said that the educational and economic levels among the Muslims, over the decades, have slipped down to levels lower than that of the dalits. The panels said that the pathetic socio-economic conditions of the Muslims cannot be improved unless opportunities are created and provided to them in educational institutions and in employment. Having understood the real picture of the Muslims, YSR did two things\u2014 created 4% reservation in jobs and educational institutions and extended scholarship and fee reimbursement scheme to the poorest of the poor. That helped the community in real terms.According to sources, about 1.65 lakh Muslim students are benefiting from these schemes. Of these 47, 748 took admission in professional courses in 2012-2012, the others are in junior and degree colleges following other streams. Of the 700 engineering colleges in the state, only 85 have been recognized by the government as the ones with good facilities and therefore allowed to charge fee between about Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh and above. What about the quality of education being imparted by the remaining colleges? The MNCs and other corporate entities are finding that only 4% among the over two lakh graduates churned out every year as fit for employment. Most of the minority colleges produce graduates unfit for the job market. The shortsighted policies of the government have led to the mushrooming of engineering colleges leading to a situation where there are more seats than the demand. While the quality of graduates has taken a big hit, the colleges too are facing the threat of imminent closure.With the government deciding to reimburse the fee of only those who have secured up to 10,000 rank in Eamcet in the 85 so-called elite colleges, the Muslims would find themselves deprived of quality education because very few among them figure within that bracket. They will have no option but to opt for those colleges which otherwise they would have skipped.While the confusion regarding the new government guidelines will take some time to clear, the Muslim and BC students are bound to suffer. The central government reimburses the fee of SC and ST students. If it is persuaded to extend the same facility to the Muslims and other BC students, the two disadvantaged sections would be able carry on their fight against poverty and social injustice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089486", "title": "Magic of 'Katyar Kaljat Ghusli' recreated", "text": "NAGPUR: The immortal play Katyar Kaljat Ghusli needs no introduction. And when it is staged in Nagpur all that the audience has to do is sit back and soak the experience. That's precisely what they did on Friday evening at Vasantrao Deshpande hall. The fact that writer Purushottam Darvhekar and Pt Vasantrao Deshpande both belonged to Nagpur firmed up the connect with the city.Premiered first in Mumbai back in 1967, 'Katyar' as the play is popularly referred to, is considered to be a milestone in the history of Marathi theatre. A musical, it is replete with some of the finest compositions in Hindustani classical genre sung by Vasantrao Deshpande, who played the protagonist Khansaab in those days.His grandson Rahul Deshpande is now playing the part. With his fine singing and matured acting he is giving his audiences an experience which is as close as it possibly can be to the original.This is a simple story of two musicians who belong to different gharanas, each a veteran in his sphere. What brings out the nuances of this plot is the fact that one is a Hindu pandit and other a Muslim. The subtle comparison between the style and approach, the thinly veiled prejudices and the tolerance and respect for each other makes this 40-year-old story still relevant.Drawing comparisons between now and then, actor Sanjay Bhakre, who has played one of the characters of this drama more than a decade back, said that he was thoroughly enjoying this show. \"At Dhanwatey Rang Mandir a revolving set was erected for this play. One showed the house of panditji and other of Khansaab. Pt Deshpande's singing used to make watching it a magical experience,\" he said.Describing today's show he said, \"For those who have lived in Haveli, the presence of a jhoomar in their small house can remind them of those golden days. This is similar to such an experience.\"The play was organized by Swarved in association with Rotary Club of Nagpur Green City. \"It is a legendary musical which is unique and dignified. The response from the viewers of Nagpur has been overwhelming,\" said Nandini Sahasrabudhe, president of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095267", "title": "Primitive traveller leaves Airports Authority of India red-faced", "text": "LUCKNOW: As passengers go, this was a rather unusual one. It had neither ticket nor boarding pass. It seemed to be carrying no luggage, nor, for that matter, wearing any clothes. Worse, its motives were highly suspect as it spread panic and fear among fellow passengers. It took security guards about 90 minutes to evict this unwanted traveller, a monkey which sneaked into the new terminal.According to reports, it was around 9 am on Friday that passengers on the first floor saw this monkey sneaking from a window. Before this, the simian had initially climbed on to the roof top and started jumping. As passengers ran helter-skelter, some CISF jawans rushed to the first floor and scared the monkey away.Left red-faced following the incident, officials of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) communicated the incident to the forest department. Airport director, Suresh Hota confirmed that they have informed the forest department to see that such incident did not happen in future. Airport sources said that the situation might have worsen had the monkey ran towards the runway, since it was the time when a host of flights were about to land and take off.In fact, stray animals have often been spotted around the airport much to the inconvenience of the passengers and embarrassment of the officials.The menace of animals and birds essentially rise during the rains. It was only last year, around the same time, that a dead animal lying on the runway delayed landing of couple of flights at the airport. As a practice, the airport authorities have been surveying the surrounding areas, often bursting crackers to chase away animals and birds.Incidents of animals infiltrating the airport premises have not been uncommon.In July 2010, a fire service officer posted at the airport was bitten by a snake. The same year, around 150 passengers and 12 crew members of a New Delhi-bound JetLite aircraft had a narrow escape after a bird hit one of its engines while the plane was at take off speed. In fact, one of side of the aircraft engine got badly damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16109329", "title": "Cops to get tough with illegal autos", "text": "LUDHIANA: The unregistered auto rickshaws will soon suffer the whip of the police in the city as the fresh deadline given to them ends on September 1, which was issued following a LTOI story on the unregistered moving threats on roads. The police had given time until Saturday to the owners of unregistered autos to get the vehicles registered or face action. \"The unregistered auto rickshaw owners were given sufficient time to make amends and get their auto rickshaws registered. We will take action Saturday onwards,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh. Traffic in charge of the city Beant Juneja said they have identified five points in each of the four traffic zones of the city, where cops would check autos and issues challans to violators, twice in a day during morning and evening. The auto rickshaws without number plates and registration certificates will be impounded,\" the inspector said. Residents believe this drive would bring order on city roads as auto rickshaws are the chief menace among city traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102657", "title": "3-day deadline to clean up Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel who went on his daily inspection of the city on Friday was surprised to be greeted by garbage heaps in several areas . He promptly told the officials : Clean up the city in three days. Goel and mayor D Venkatesh Murthy who inspected DJ Halli, Kushal Nagar and SK Garden areas said the deadline will be met.Following protests at Mavallipura, Mandur and Doddaballapura landfill areas by villagers, the garbage trucks have not been going to these designated landfills, resulting in the non-clearance of garbage in the city. The Big 2 witnessed the problem first hand: uncleared garbage in DJ Halli , SK Garden, Kushalnagar, Tannery Road, Modi Garden , Goa Garden, Shampur, Periyarnagar.With the lack of designated landfills, the contractors are disposing garbage on quarry fields near Hosur Road, Anekal surroundings and on other outskirts of the city.With the rubbish piling up across the city, BBMP is also mulling over awarding solid waste management projects to four companies which have pioneered in the field of waste management.Companies like Murugappa groups from Tamil Nadu, Shumgir Renewable Energy, a city-based green energy company, Matha Overseas Private Limited (that transports municipal solid waste) and another private company presented their solid waste management proposals to the chief minister on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094831", "title": "All talk, little action on CCTV cameras", "text": "PUNE: The proposal to install 1,000 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad, mooted by the Pune police after the August 1 blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road rattled the city, has still not got the state home department's approval.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, on August 5, had announced Rs 30 crore for the cameras to enhance security. Sources said that though Pawar had stated that the installation should be completed in a month, official formalities and paper-work require more time and cannot be bypassed.Some CCTV cameras installed outside commercial establishments on J M road had in helping the police during the blast probe cannot be discounted.The plan was for the state government to provide Rs 10 crore, the Pune Municipal Corporation will give Rs 7.5 crore, while the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation would shell out Rs 2.5 crore. The remaining Rs 10 crore will be made available through MLC, MLA and MP funds. Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations have sanctioned their share.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak told TOI that the proposal to allow the authorities to purchase the equipment is with the home department. \"The CCTV cameras will be installed in areas under the jurisdiction of police commissionerate. Police commissioners had sent proposals to the home department, in 2010, in 2011 and again in 2012. We are awaiting guidelines from the home department on the purchase of the equipment,\" said Pathak.Each MP will shell out Rs 1 crore while the MLAs will give Rs 3 crore. \"The process of fund disbursement by the MPs and MLAs will take place only after we get an approval from the home department. We are waiting for guidelines and specifications on which authority will undertake the tendering process as well as the sanctioning of the proposal. The state's share of Rs 10 crore has not been approved as yet,\" he said.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Singhal too said they had no communication from the home department and the authorities had not received any communication. \"The cost of installing 1,000 CCTV cameras is about Rs 27.67 crore. We had sent the proposal after Pawar made the announcement. Only after we receive a sanction from the state government and a communication on who will make the amount available for the purchase, will we be able to float tenders,\" said Singhal.There is confusion among MPs and MLAs about their contribution. City unit chief of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan, said, \"I had asked the municipal commissioner about the amount of contribution that each MLA, MLC and MP has to make, according to which we will earmark the amount to be disbursed. But there is no communication.\"Chavan said that though Pawar had wanted the equipment purchase to happen in a month, the official procedure is taking time. \"We all want to have cameras installed as soon as possible. However, a procedure has to be followed and it has to be expedited. I would take this up with the municipal commissioner,\" she said.Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Girish Bapat said, \"We have received no official communication about the amount MLAs have to contribute. We will chip in with a certain amount for Pune's security.\"Defunct camerasNone of the three pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) cameras installed at places on JM road were working when the blasts went off because their hard-disks were full and there were connectivity problems. The Pune Municipal Corporation has got the one fixed at Rani Jhansi chowk to monitor traffic violations, working.\"The PMC got the connectivity service provider to get the camera working. The other two, one at the Khanduji Baba chowk and the other at Natraj junction, are still on the blink. We have floated tenders for a public-private partnership to curb stop signal and speed-limit violations. The agency, which will be appointed, will also have to provide connectivity to such non-functional cameras at select locations of the city. This should take care of the PTZ cameras on JM road,\" the official said.BDDS on its toesA white two-wheeler parked with a leather laptop bag for a long time outside Patole Heights in Deccan Gymkhana sent alarm bells ringing. Members of Navchaitanya Mitra Mandal, who noticed the suspicious vehicle around 8 pm, called the owner of the building Bipin Patole, who, in turn, called the police control room. The Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad arrived at 8. 15 pm. The road was blocked, traffic was diverted to the Bhide bridge and for a short while Fergusson College road was turned into a two-way. The squad found that the bag was harmless and contained files, books and a cellphone charger. A bomb had exploded on August 1 at the same place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092906", "title": "Gujjar mahapanchayat on Sept 3, threat of agitation looms", "text": "JAIPUR: The threat of yet another Gujjar agitation looms over the state. With the four-month deadline set by the government on May 2, for abiding by and implementing the OBC commission report regarding a special quota for Gujjars, Revaris, Banjars, Lohars and other special backward classes, coming to an end, the community has threatened to hold a mahapanchayat and a subsequent rail blockade on or after September 3.According to Himmat Singh Gujjar, spokesperson of the Gujjar Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti, \"Except for the setting up of an OBC commission and the appointment of a chairman nothing much has happened in these four months. The government, like always, seems to be just sitting on its promise. It has not even shown us the recommendations made by the commission.\"He said community representatives from 6-7 districts had met at Madia, the village of Kirori Singh Bainsla, a couple of days ago and decided to call a mahapanchayat on September 3. The meet will take place at new Krishi Mandi in Hindaun where the community will decide on the future course of action.\"There is little option for us but to resort to an agitation path. For, that is the only language that the government seems to understand. Whatever progress has been achieved in our fight for justice has been through agitation,\" he added.Incidentally, the railway tracks are just few yards from the mahapanchayat venue.The Gujjars have been agitating for quite sometime in the state special reservation under the special backward class amongst a host of other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16099272", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh invites Rahul Gandhi to join govt yet again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh renewed the pitch for Rahul Gandhi to join his Cabinet despite persistent indications that the Congress general secretary may prefer to ensure higher representation and profile of younger leaders in the government rather than accepting a ministerial responsibility himself.Asked about Rahul's announcement of playing a greater role in politics, PM Singh told reporters on his way back from Tehran, \"I have always favoured that Rahul play a more active role in government. I have invited him to be a member of the Cabinet on several occasions. I sincerely hope that this time he will consider my request seriously.\"The PM's stress on \"this time\" while making his fresh offer to Rahul was interpreted as confirmation of the speculation that Singh will effect the last significant reshuffle of his team in the weeks after the monsoon session of Parliament. It also suggested that Singh was hopeful of the Congress general secretary switching to the government. However, Congress sources are sceptical of the possibility and maintain that Rahul would instead prefer a leg up for younger party colleagues.Sources said Rahul has urged the leadership for elevation of around seven young junior ministers. It could mean Cabinet sporting a younger look post-reshuffle. Such a rejig would put his stamp on the government, preparing the party to project him as its prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 elections. \"He has made this known to the leadership,\" said a senior party leader.The reluctant scion's earlier statement that he would soon take up a bigger role in politics had triggered wild speculation. It was seen as a prelude to his gradual taking over of party reins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16097799", "title": "Downpour in Khambha, 84mm in 2 hours", "text": "RAJKOT: Several houses in Khambha village of Amreli district were flooded after heavy rains lashed several parts of Saurashtra on Friday kindling hopes of a monsoon revival in the region, which is reeling under drought.Khambha received 84mm within just two hours on Friday even as other parts of Amreli, Rajkot, Bhavnagar and Surendranagar district were drenched with rains.Sources said rain water gushed into the houses in low-lying areas of Bhagvatipara, Mahadevpara and Ashrampara in Khambha village forcing people to stay out their houses for hours. Walls of at least 12 houses walls collapsed due to the downpour. A wall of government science college also collapsed. However, no casualty was reported.In Surendranagar, a dome of cottage industry fair collapsed due to strong winds and rain leaving at least 10 people injured. The injured were rushed to hospital for the treatment.In Rajkot city, citizen cheered the downpour even as roads were flooded and commuters had a difficult time wading through the waters.Meanwhile, Indian Meteorological Department officials have forecast light to moderate showers at a few places in all districts of Gujarat.According to a farmer from Dudhala village in Bhavnagar district Babbhai Vala, the delayed rain will recharge bore wells and wells, which would help in Rabi season. \"However, the rain has delayed and much damage has already been done to farmers. But, rain is welcome as it solves fodder problem, which will ultimately help dairy sectors for farmers' survival on animal husbandry,'' Vala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094554", "title": "Six more test positive for swine flu in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Six more people, including a pregnant woman, tested positive for swine flu in the city on Friday.The number of infected patients in Pune city for August is 78 till date. Four from among those infected have succumbed to the contagion.\"The 42-year-old pregnant woman, a resident of Hadapsar, developed breathlessness from August 28. Her throat swab tested positive for swine flu on Friday,\" said health officials.Among others infected are a 16-year-old boy who is being treated at the civic-run Naidu Hospital, a 45-year-old woman from Satara district, a 45-year-old woman from Market Yard, a 56-year-old woman from Sinhagad road and a 21-year-old man from Aundh, who has been home quarantined.The condition of the 29-year-old man, who tested positive for swine flu four days ago, continues to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102568", "title": "Pol, rudramal gates recreated at the conference venue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parthiv Patel and Abhishek Jain (director of \"Kevi Rite Jaish\") were driven in autorickshaw to the Raritan Expo Centre in New Jersey which is this year's conference venue for the biggest World Gujarati Conference (WGC) 'Chaalo Gujarat'. The event began on Friday August 31.Seven chhakdas and autorickshaws have been specially painted and imported to drive the attendees to the venue. \"Second-generation Gujarati-origin Indian-Americans have no idea what pols are, or how it feels to ride in a chakkada or a rickshaw,\" says Association of Indian Americans in North America (AIANA) president Sunil Nayak. \"To give them a feel of these elements which are inseparable from Gujarat, we have set up unique ambiance at the conference venue.\"Visitors are being taken from the parking place to the conference space in these vehicles. \"Visitors pass a 25 ft high charkho before they reach the 30 ft high Sidhpur rudramal gates at the entry to the conference venue,\" says Maulik Bhatt from team AIANA. \"Venue is set up to match the interiors of pol structures. The main hall has 7 LED screen and seating arrangements for 10,000 people.\"The major attraction of the first day is a multi-media show on Soneru Surat, Khamirvantu Kheda and Vaibhavi Vadodara.On the second day, Sharman Joshi and Prachi Desai are to perform. Apart from that, a kavi sammalan of Gujarati poets will be the major event of the concluding day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089645", "title": "Umesh Kumar may get posting in 2 days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar is to be reinstated and given a posting in a couple of days, state government sources said on Friday. General Administration Department (GAD) sources told TOI that the state government had on Thursday received a communication from the Union home ministry to the effect that Umesh's suspension stood revoked.\"As per rules, if any state suspends an all-India service officer, the Centre has to ratify the move within 90 days. However, in this case, the Centre did not approve the suspension; Umesh will be reinstated and given a posting within the next two days,\" a source said.It is learnt that the relevant file is now with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy. Given the public spat between two senior IPS officers of director general rank \u2014 Umesh and his batchmate and Andhra Pradesh DGP V Dinesh Reddy \u2014 the development throws a new light on the appointment of the new DGP by the state government as per the directive of various courts. According to sources, the state government has forwarded the names of all eight DG rank officers to the Centre and the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) for consideration for appointment as the new head of police force for Andhra Pradesh.The list includes the name of Umesh as well as that of P Gautam Kumar, who has sought voluntary retirement and is slated to be shortly relieved from government service. When contacted by TOI, Umesh said he was unwell and not in a position to talk. Sources in GAD said Umesh's file was with the CM with a decision expected in 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16104351", "title": "'Murrah Man' gets 1 year extension as Haryana DG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Krishan Singh Dangi, popularly known as the 'Murrah Man' in India, has been given one year extension by the Haryana government as Director General of animal husbandry and dairying development. Dangi, 58, was due to retired on Friday but government has given him extension till August 31, 2013, considering his achievements in the field of animal husbandry, especially for the development of new breed of buffalo - Murrah.A PhD in animal science from university of Minnesota , USA, Dangi had taken over as head of the animal husbandry and dairying development department, Haryana, in 1999. Because of his consistent efforts in the development of Murrah breed, Haryana has witnessed a vertical growth in milk production, where the number of animals has come down in the past 10 years yet milk production increased. In Haryana, 83% the milk production comes from buffaloes alone. A decade back, average milk production in a lactation period of buffalo was around 1,400 litres. Today, Murrah is yielding more than 2,600 litres in lactation period.For his achievements in the field of Murrah development, Dangi was awarded lifetime achievement for his contribution in livestock development sector. Besides remaining topper in academics he has a large number of research papers in national and international publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104276", "title": "Free GGSH from encroachment: HC", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Friday directed Patna DM to remove encroachments from the campus of Guru Gobind Singh Hospital ( GGSH), Patna City, and ask Patna Municipal Corporation ( PMC) to get the garbage removed from there.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi issued the directive while hearing the PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare seeking early completion of the construction of Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Science (JPNAIIMS).The court directed the DM, who has been made deputy director of the JPNAIIMS by the court in absence of a deputy director, to hold a meeting with the AIIMS director and superintendent of Guru Gobind Singh Hospital, Patna City, to set modalities of super specialty treatment at the hospital. This arrangement will continue till the JPNAIIMS is completed.The court directed the Union government to complete the tender process for construction of 20 operation theatres at the JPNAIIMS. State government standing counsel, Shashi Bhushan Kumar, and petitioner's counsel, Brajesh Kumar, who form a committee of lawyers to monitor the JPNAIIMS construction, submitted that 1,100 workers were deployed during the last couple of days to accelerate the pace of work, which was going at a snail's pace till last week. They said structural work of the hospital building had completed. They said the hospital might be functional in next 6-8 months.Brajesh submitted that around 50 medical students had been admitted and the college was likely to be made functional from September 18, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095568", "title": "Baradari lawn to be a thing of past", "text": "LUCKNOW: Marriage ceremonies at LDA's grand Baradari lawn at Gomtinagar are likely to become a thing of the past. Reason: The lawn will be incorporated into Jai Prakash International Centre, the dream project of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav. As a result, from February 2013 onwards, marriage functions would not be allowed, and construction activities would begin in full swing.The centre proposed to come over an area of around 18 acre will also eat into the land given to the five-star hotel in the neighbourhood. LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that the land was given to the hotel on a license basis. Dubey said, \"The hotel too has agreed to hand over the land back to the authority.\"The board, while approving the decision, said that allotment of the lawn for marriage function will not be allowed from February, 2013 onwards, by when the construction on the site would begin.The project was first approved by the LDA in 2006. However, it was put in abeyance by Mayawati government, which stormed to power in 2007. In fact, the project, which was to be executed by Nirman Nigam returned LDA Rs 48 crore of the Rs 50 crore allotted to it for the project. The total cost of the project at that time was estimated to be around Rs 150 crore. The state government is yet to make a final estimate for the construction of the centre, which is proposed to have at least three modern auditorium/seminar halls in addition to a library, museum, cafeteria and an indoor sports complex. However, the final design is yet to be endorsed by UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.It is almost certain that the state government may finally sanction budget for the ambitious project in the next financial year. This year, the state government had allocated around Rs 100 crore for development projects, including some of the flyovers and railway over bridges.This is the first time that the state government decided to take away the Baradari lawn, which happens to be one of the most sought after place in the city for marriage functions - for the JPIC. In 2006, the then Mulayam Singh Yadav government had decided to take away part of the lawn within the CSI towers, which is home to a number of bureaucrats and politicians.The LDA board also approved the proposed, construction of the Janeshwar Mishra Park in Gomtinagar. Proposed to come up over an area of around 325 acre, the park will be designed by consultants of Delhi based School of Architecture and Planning. A team of consultants had recently visited the site. LDA sources said that the consultants will be paid a fee of nearly Rs 1 crore for the purpose.The park had recently stormed into a controversy after BSP leaders said that the area was marked for a park in the name of Bhim Rao Ambedkar. UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had then asked senior BSP leaders - Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya to come up with any proof that it was officially earmarked in the name of Ambedkar.LDA board approval to the project only established that the BSP could not provide any proof, said a senior government official.Land for transfer station approvedLUCKNOW: The board of Lucknow Development Authority approved a site in Gwari village of Gomtinagar for the proposed transfer station that will be used to dump municipal waste generated in the residential areas like Gomtinagar and Indiranagar. The garbage dumped will be compacted and transferred to the municipal solid waste plant set up in Hardoi Road. Meanwhile, the LMC extended the deadline for deposition of house tax with 10% rebate till September 15. Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava said that the corporation has been receiving a host of demands from people to extend the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16126895", "title": "Not possible to sell India story: Narayana Murthy", "text": "We have fallen far short of expectations and it's no longer possible to sell the India story,\" said NR Narayana Murthy, chairman emeritus, Infosys, in an interview to ET NOW.\"The world expected a lot from us. And compared to that expectation, we have fallen very very short. And therefore, I would say, this is worse than 1991,\" Murthy said. \"I meet a lot of CEOs outside India and earlier India was mentioned once every three times China was mentioned. But now, if China is mentioned 30 times, India is not even mentioned once,\" he added.Government indifference to the plight of business has brought decision-making to an unnecessary standstill, he believes. \"A lot of decisions can be taken within the ambit of current legislation,\" Murthy said, especially on several issues that impact the IT industry - one issue is that some I-T officials do not recognise a statement of work, and insist on a company negotiating a new master agreement for every project. \"Now, this is not done anywhere in the world and we have been arguing with the I-T Department,\" he said. \"If this is my job, tough decisions have to be taken. We have to accept that.\"Murthy said he has submitted presentations to the prime minister, and written to (then finance minister ) Pranab Mukherjee on such issues: \"It has been fourteen months and nothing has been done. \"Now, this is not in the realm of legislation. It's not about ideology, politics. All that this requires is one senior bureaucrat to say 'let's adopt global standards'. And it can be done in a few hours.\" Most of the problems faced by investors are of this nature, he said.Other issues, which are currently being used to disrupt the functioning of Parliament, are really matters for the courts. \"Let's leave it to the court to decide who is right and who is wrong. Let us not pre-judge and let us get on with the business in Parliament,\" Murthy said. He also puts retrospective changes to tax laws in that category: \"When the Supreme Court has ruled on a certain case, to go back and say I will change the law, to me, is very surprising.\"Reverse retro tax, says Murthy\"These are not things that an aspiring economy should do. The impact has been sad and confidence of global investors has been shaken very, very badly.\"The government should reverse the retrospective changes that impact Vodafone and other foreign companies, he maintains, and go as far as to ensure that no further retrospective changes are allowed. \"We must come to a conclusion politically that we will not do things on a retrospective basis unless there is something drastically wrong with the law and even that is for the court to decide,\" Murthy said.In another interview to a television channel, the Infosys founder offered some advice to the prime minister. \"Please encourage your bureaucrats, your ministers, to take quick decisions. That's all what I am requesting him. Nothing else.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16108730", "title": "Pragyan Ojha happy to stick to basics", "text": "BANGALORE: There was a big surprise in store for fans at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium on Friday morning when skipper MS Dhoni asked spinner Pragyan Ojha to do the honours of opening the Indian bowling attack against New Zealand.And Ojha didn't disappoint - the slow left-arm orthodox spinner was spot on and did his job with diligence, claiming as many as four Kiwi wickets.\"Once the toss was done, Dhoni bhai was very clear that I was going to open the bowling. I was ready for it,\" said Ojha, who also returned a match haul of six wickets in Hyderabad.Though it wasn't easy to open the innings, Ojha made best use of the moisture.\"The ball was new and it was difficult to grip. I was just sticking to basics and making the batsman play every ball. There was some moisture on the wicket and sometimes when there is moisture the ball grips. So wanted to make use of that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16093218", "title": "UP government finally sanctions facelift of 65 post mortem houses", "text": "NOIDA: The state government has ordered a face lift of all post mortem houses in the state, including the one in Noida. According to a survey conducted by the government, all the post mortem houses, including the one in Noida and barring the one at King George Medical College ( KGMC) in Lucknow, don't have refrigerated boxes for preserving bodies that are at times not claimed for months.Health department sources say that the post mortem house in Noida has been requiring such a facelift for years now.\"We don't have a number of necessary equipment and we are still using ancient tools for the procedures,\" said a health department official.Noida's multispeciality government hospital doesn't have a morgue and as a result corpses from there are transferred to the post mortem house, adding to the load. \"There is an immediate needs for making proper arrangements for conducting autopsies, standardization of equipment and purchase of freezers,\" said the official.In March 2012, three bodies were found rotting in the post mortem house. Health department officials had shamefacedly admitted that they couldn't keep the body in refrigerated boxes as they weren't working.The move to modernize the post mortem houses comes after the decision to give up antiquated methods of conducting autopsies. The state medico-legal and forensic cells had given the district's health department special training in June 2012 to make sure that they have sufficient information to aid the police in solving cases.All 65 post mortem houses, most of which are dilapidated and without bare necessities are all set to undergo a face-lift at cost of Rs 1.6 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "cmc", "code": "16109396", "title": "Dr James\u2019 dream is to bring home a Grammy", "text": "CMC: Dr Robert James, a physician at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), knows how to travel the journey of life on a vehicle of art, his being on the road of music.And the doctor doesn't only practice his passion for music but also makes an attempt to make his work global by sending these for selection for nomination of the prestigious Grammy Award. His last entry of instrumental music was put to ballot, but did not make it to the nominations. But this did not deter Dr James from sending his composition for selection to Grammy nominations again this year, as he is ready with seven meditational tracks of \"Charka\" music this time. Dr James, 44, who plays guitars and is well versed with digital music composition, had sent his album of six Bollywood instrumental tracks for Grammy nominations in the pop category in 2010. \"Unfortunately, my entry didn't make it to the nominations then, but this year I have composed meditational tracks, which I will send in the trans category of the awards,\" he says. Dr James says his participation in a reality talent show and his stint as a judge on several other shows and competitions has earned him recognition and praise from people across the country. Narrating his tryst with music, the doctor adds, \"I was in Class V at St Joseph's Convent in Bhatinda when one day I heard someone playing a guitar and could not resist but rushed towards the sound, pulled by an unknown fascination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16090288", "title": "Sexual assault angle adds twist to suicide case", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The case of the mysterious death of an SSC student in a private school hostel at Pamarru two weeks back took a serious turn after forensic reports confirmed that the girl had been sexually assaulted before death. Fifteen-year-old Pallavi was found hanging from the ceiling fan in her hostel room and school authorities had rushed her to the Gudivada government hospital even before the police could arrive at the spot claiming that they did it to save her life. However, doctors at the government hospital declared her brought dead.Upon learning of their daughter's death, the girl's parents rushed to the hospital along with locals and expressed their ire at not having been informed by school authorities of the incident right when she was found hanging. With the agitators blocking the highway, police promised a probe into the issue and requested the government hospital doctors to send samples of the girl's viscera for a forensic science laboratory (FSL) examination. Police had initially registered a case under section 174 of the IPC (suspicious death) but it is being alleged that the school management has tried to make the case look like one of suicide.Devaiah and Nagamani, the girl's parents, have lodged a police complaint questioning the role of the principal of Little Flower School, Pamarru, where the girl was a student. Subsequently, investigations revealed that the girl had received a call from one Kanakaraju on her cellphone on the day of her death.Police initially suspected Kanakaraju to be the culprit since he was also a resident of Pedapativaripalem of Musunur mandal, the girl's native place. But Kanakaraju committed suicide two days after appearing before the police by jumping into a local tank in his village.On Friday, the AP Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL) submitted its analyses which suggest that the girl had been sexually abused hours before her death. With the girl's parents alleging that the school's principal was the culprit, an in-depth investigation into the incident is on the cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16094296", "title": "Two labourers brutally killed at Seraulim", "text": "MARGAO: Two persons working as labourers were found dead under mysterious circumstances in a farmhouse at Seraulim on Friday evening. The Colva police booked an offence of murder against unknown accused.Police sources told TOI that Santan Carvalho had hired three labourers from the area near the Margao municipality on Thursday to work on his farmhouse at Sakubhat, Seraulim. The labourers were also being provided food by the Carvalhos at the farmhouse.On Friday evening, when Carvalho's wife went to the farmhouse carrying food for the labourers for dinner, she was shocked to find one of the labourers lying motionless with his face smashed and huge stones lying near his head. A few steps ahead, she found to her horror, the second labourer lying dead in a small pond. The third labourer, however, could not be traced.South Goa SP Allen De Sa, Dy SP Mohan Naik and Colva PI Nilesh Rane rushed to the site of the crime and took stock of the situation.Police sources said that the identities of the Kannada-speaking deceased were yet to be determined, and were around 30-35 years old.Speaking to reporters, Dy SP Mohan Naik said that the police suspect that a fight broke out between the three labourers leading to the death of the two persons. The police are on the lookout for the third labourer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16097131", "title": "Trichy govt hospital begins cleaning programme to keep rodents at bay", "text": "TRICHY: The Gandhi Government Hospital, attached to the KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College, Trichy has embarked on a cleaning-cum-revamping programme for the first time in a long time, particularly to keep the rodents at bay. Rodents, bandicoots in particular, have remained a big menace both to security and hygiene within the 150-year-old, 612-bed hospital.The drive against the rodents however started on August 29, even though the revamping was going on for two months now, the dean of the KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College Dr A Karthikeyan told TOI on Friday. The hospital has specially procured 500 tablets of aluminium phosphide to fight the rodents in the old ramshackle hospital. He said that the celphos poisoning was resorted to as the rodents had be exterminated at any cost. Known as black cyanide, the phosphide does not have known antidote and hence it must be handled by humans very carefully.\"It could cause instant death if it reaches the human body,\" Dr Karthikeyan warned the sanitary workers. Three security personnel had been specially allotted to oversee the operations and Dr Karthikeyan said that the hospital had captured three bandicoots on Friday.The state government allocated Rs 100 crore in April last year to convert it into a super specialty centre, but work is yet to be started on the super specialty block, an examination hall to accommodate 450 students, and a dean's quarters. The hospital is heavily short-staffed. Out of the 58 sanctioned posts of sanitary workers, 23 are vacant as on today and there remains 10 vacancies for hospital workers. So the hospital, taking cue from the Salem, Tirupur and Coimbatore hospital administrations, has decided to outsource the vacancies through a request to the medical recruitment board. \"Despite the shortage of staff, we have successfully treated 53 cases of dengue in the age group of two to 70 from July 17 to till date, Karthikeyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16109311", "title": "Now, pollen-free flowers that won't make you sneeze", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have created pollen-free flowers that can last longer and could help allergy sufferers cut down the risk of catching hay fever.The plants with more vibrantly-coloured 'super-geranium' flowers do not produce pollens that cause sneezing, sniffing and itchy eyes of hay fever.Geraniums have been cultivated in Europe since the 17th century and are one of the most popular garden and house plants around the world. The introduction of completely new traits required genetic modification.The researchers used GM technology to introduce two new genes into the species. One gene destroyed the anthers - the pollen-producing bulbs in flower heads. The other boosted production of an anti-ageing hormone. The resulting GM geraniums had smaller flowers and leaves than usual. But their flowers were striking in colour and the leaves lived around three times longer than usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099553", "title": "New number plates in Odisha from today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The registration numbers of new vehicles in Odisha are set to change from Saturday. \"All vehicles to be registered from tomorrow (September 1) will have the OD prefix in the number in place of OR,\" transport commissioner Surendra Kumar told TOI. The government has communicated this to the 31 regional transport officers (RTOs).The state government had sought the Centre's permission for change of vehicle numbers just days after the President gave assent to the 96th amendment of the Constitution, changing spelling of Orissa to Odisha in November 2011.The Centre's approval was required because registration of vehicles is governed by the Central Motor Vehicle Act, 1988. After the Union government's go ahead, the state notified the change putting an end to OR, which was being used since June 1989.The numbers of registered vehicles will remain unchanged. \"All those registered till 5 pm on Friday will continue to have the OR prefix. Those already registered with OR will not change,\" Kumar said. \"It may not be humanly possible to change the registration of existing vehicles. Besides, it's not legally permissible since the notification is not with retrospective effect,\" he added.Not long ago, when name of Uttaranchal was changed to Uttarakhand , registration of vehicles in the hill state changed from UA to UK. The already registered vehicles, however, continued to flaunt UA series. A vehicle number in the state or Union Territory starts with state abbreviations such as WB in West Bengal , PB in Punjab, HR in Haryana, CG in Chhattisgrah, CH in Chandigarh.Odisha registers around 4 lakh vehicles annually with an average of 1,500 vehicles per working day. Around 80 per cent of new vehicles registered include two-wheelers. Bhubaneswar registers the highest of around 400 vehicles per working day followed by Cuttack at around 150 per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16106596", "title": "I was boring, says Dravid; no you weren't, ribs Binny", "text": "BANGALORE: In a recent function at the Chinnaswamy Stadium, when it was 1983 World Cup hero Roger Binny's turn to speak, he turned to a fellow cricketer, who was also gracing the occasion and said: \"I must say your speeches are getting to be like your batting.\"The worthy had been the first to speak and Binny was taking up the mantle.\"Boring like my batting?\" was Rahul Dravid's reaction, leaving the audience in splits.\"No Rahul, for us you were never boring,\" replied Binny who was simply acknowledging that Dravid's speeches were getting impressive by the day and we must say, having heard Dravid at many events now, Binny was spot on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094503", "title": "No office? No problem! IG prisons still runs the show", "text": "PANAJI: Former excise commissioner Jayadev Sarangi, an IAS officer who was posted as inspector general of prisons a week ago, is yet to get an office to discharge his duties.Sources in the secretariat said that Sarangi was posted last week as inspector general of prisons. \"Sarangi, at present, is running his office from the secretariat, the collectorate conference hall or sometimes his residence,\" said sources.While the North Goa collector was ex-officio of inspector general of prisons, Parrikar created a new post of 'IG Prisons' last week and posted Sarangi, who was moved out of the excise department, for the job without providing him an office for functioning.Even jail officers, who had visited the collectorate to take advice on the recent incident of three Sada jail inmates and five police escorts who were allegedly drunk, had to visit each and every corner of the collectorate to see where their superior sat.\"He (officer of Sada jail) visited the collectorate to meet Sarangi, but we told him that the government has not made any office provision while appointing him, and he does not have a place to function,\" sources in the collectorate told TOI.Chief secretary B Vijayan said that he had already instructed the North Goa collector to get an office ready for the IG Prisons.\"There is already a room in the collectorate, but it was not in use. We are getting a room ready soon,\" said Vijayan.Sarangi was transferred by Parrikar less than 15 days after he was posted as commissioner of excise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16104749", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan gets woman cop to keep damsels at bay", "text": "SRINAGAR: Superstar Shah Rukh Khan , who can take on a screen full of baddies with both his hands tied behind his back, has much to fear from his legions of female admirers in the Kashmir valley. Not surprisingly, he arrived here last week, guarded by a smartly turned out woman police officer.Incidentally, there are no cinema halls in the Valley and SRK is seen by Kashmir's elite as well as commoners on film DVDs and satellite TV. It was in 1990 that the JKLF called for a ban on theatres that promoted \"un-Islamic values\" through cinema - it went a long way towards spreading a dread of militancy.Things have changed somewhat since then and today, Raja Nighat Aman, a deputy superintendent of police, with a decade-and-half of policing career behind her, doesn't mind following SRK like a shadow. SRK, who played a bodyguard in Main Hoon Na, one of his early block-busters, now has a lady officer fussing after his security. SRK is in the hill resort of Pahalgam, shooting for Yash Chopra's still untitled venture.Being in charge of security of the high profile film crew, including Chopra, his son Aditya, and actress Anushka Sharma , isn't exactly easy. Rubbing shoulders with celebrities from the glamour world comes at a cost: She has had a few sleepless nights.DSP Nighat's day begins at sunrise and continues almost until dusk. But the sunset isn't end of the day for King Khan's security. \"To ensure foolproof security at picturesque locales the next day, I have to walk for miles in mountainous terrain,\" she said.Nighat, like the Bollywood crew, is also inaccessible to the media because of security reasons. To be extra vigilant at her job, she prefers to be in civvies. And the crew is impressed with her work. In fact, Chopra doesn't begin rolling the cameras until Nighat arrives at the location - which is rarely late.The state government initially placed extraordinary security arrangements around Khan when he arrived in Srinagar last week, and even arranged a complimentary state helicopter to fly to the hill resort of Pahalgam in south Kashmir. This was where he was received by DSP Nighat, who might well be telling SRK, \"Main Hoon Na\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16089511", "title": "Future tense for Gawli\u2019s party as daughter takes reins", "text": "MUMBAI: After the special MCOCA court sentenced Arun Gawli to life in prison on Friday, his daughter Geeta, a corporator of Gawli's Akhil Bharatiya Sena (ABS), said her father is being targeted because he is a politician.\"When my father was known across Mumbai as a 'don', he was never convicted in any case. The police have been closing in on him since 2004, when he became an MLA. They are out to finish my father's political career,\" Geeta said.Not just Gawli's political career, observers are now wondering if his party itself has a future. \"Voters unhappy with the functioning style of the Gawli dynasty may slowly gain the confidence to rebel against the don's family,\" said a source.Some believe that the ABS might survive in the civic polls scene if the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, which is backed by the ABS in BMC, supports the party, albeit indirectly, to keep the Congress-NCP combine at bay.But Sena corporators are upset with the leadership for not snapping ties with the ABS even after he's been held guilty for the murder of former Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar. A senior Sena leader admitted it will have a destabilizing effect on the party workers' morale.The Sena corporators argue that snapping ties with ABS will not have any bearing on the Sena-BJP dominance in the BMC. The combine, with 106 corporators, enjoys a comfortable majority as most of the independents back it in the 227-member council.Gawli, who had won the assembly elections in 2004, lost to Congress leader Madhu Chavan from the Byculla constituency in 2009. The gangster, then in jail, lost despite a high-pitched campaign by his wife Asha and Geeta.Asked about the future of ABS, Geeta said: \"My father was in jail when he contested the 2009 assembly polls. Despite being behind bars, Arun Gawli bagged over 24,000 votes. This reflects the confidence of locals in my father and his work as an MLA. I will take care of my father's political fief in South Central Mumbai and continue his political legacy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089424", "title": "Discovering Jyoti: Another documentary being shot", "text": "NAGPUR: Jyoti Amge, the Guinness record holder for being the shortest woman in the world, has lost count of how many times she has been featured in documentaries and videos. On Friday, she was again working with three film-makers from Japan for a documentary to be aired on Discovery channel.\"People from Germany and other countries too have made documentaries on me,\" said 19-year-old Jyoti.The three-member team from Japan is going to shoot with Jyoti and her family for three days beginning from Friday. \"It is going to be hectic. They only have three days and are going to cover every aspect of Jyoti's life,\" said Kisanji Amge, Jyoti's father.The crew will shoot in Jyoti's school, college and her home to capture a day in the life of Jyoti. \"After the shoot, we will do an X-ray of Jyoti according to the demands of the documentary,\" said Archana, Jyoti's elder sister.While Jyoti cooked, waved her hand and smiled radiantly for the benefit of the documentary-makers, her college was abuzz with excitement. \"It is always like this whenever she comes here. With the Japanese crew, it's all the more exciting,\" said Ruchita Sharma, one of her class mates.Jyoti is currently in Std XI, having chosen the arts stream in Smt Binzani Mahila Mahavidyalaya which is located in Mahal. \"But I hardly go to college as I am engaged in so many things,\" said Jyoti.During the shoot Jyoti made 'usal' as a part of her practical course in home science subject. \"On Saturday we will be shooting at our home. Jyoti has her own miniature chair, cot and cupboards. We get a lot of offers from all over the world for filming her,\" said Ranjana, her mother.Earlier in March, Jyoti had met the world's smallest man, 72-year-old Chandra Dangi from Nepal. \"People feel amazed when they see me, this time it was my turn to be amazed,\" she said.Jyoti will be flying to London in September to unveil Guinness Book of Records 2013. \"It's a rare honour and I am proud and happy for this opportunity,\" she said.Isn't she bored of being constantly in the limelight? \"No,\" said Jyoti emphatically. \"It does get repetitive, but then the people are different and you get to learn a lot of new things like languages and their culture. And I certainly do enjoy it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099654", "title": "Swine flu 'returns' to haunt Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The specter of swine flu, which had killed 32 people in Odisha in 2010, is back in the state. A 22-year-old woman admitted in a city-based private hospital reportedly tested positive for the H1N1 virus on Friday, a source said.Health officials, howeverm, refused to confirm the case. \"I have heard about it. However, I can't confirm till I go through the report from the Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) where the test was conducted. It remains a suspected case,\" director of public health services Dr Prasad Kumar Patnaik told TOI.Patnaik, however, asserted that isolated swine flu cases were not unusual since the viral infection is also being reported from other parts of the country during this time of the year.Sources said RMRC found a sputum sample of the woman to be positive for H1N1 and conveyed the same to the integrated disease surveillance cell of the state. To be doubly sure, the centre is also doing a repeat test on the same woman, the result of which is awaited. \"Of the 16 suspected cases tested so far this year, one sample tested Friday came positive for H1N1 at the centre,\" a source said.RMRC director S K Kar, when contacted, declined to comment stating that the state government officials were the competent authorities to speak on the matter.If confirmed, the woman from Angul district would be the first H1N1 case in the state this year. Condition of the woman admitted with clinical symptoms of pneumonia was stated to be critical. She has been recuperating in the ICU, hospital sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094519", "title": "Smriti Udyan handed over to Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Nisargsevak, a city-based non governmental organization, handed over Smriti Udyan, a garden on Paud Road, to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) as the 10-year agreement they had with the civic administration ended on Friday.The agreement, for taking up plantation on the six-acre land and maintaining the plants for 10 years, was signed in 2002. Initially a garbage dump, the plot today has 650 trees of more than 100 varieties, most of which were planted by people in memory of their loved ones. Nisargsevak along with citizens took care of the plants.Vivek Velankar, founder member of Nisargsevak, told TOI, \"Citizens planted both flowering as well as fruiting trees. There is no place left for more trees.''\"After seeing the earlier work we carried out on a barren hill in 1987, the PMC approached us in 2002 with the proposal to take up plantation on this plot. We have handed over the garden to the civic body, which will look after it hereafter,'' he said.Ramesh Godbole, president of Nisargsevak, said, \"since the garden came up on a garbage dump, we did not require any fertilizer. We just had to water the plants. The garden has jamun, banyan, gylericia, kanchan, Indian coral and several others trees.''Naresh Zurmure, additional commissioner, also spoke on the occasion. Arvind N Godbole, chairman of Association of the Friends of Germany, said the association members along with Nisargsevak planted 60 trees here.The Bremen government's Rs 52,000 was utilized in planting and nurturing these plants, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100586", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav should take lessons from Narendra Modi: Yogesh Shukla", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With an aim to increase the resources of municipal corporations, state chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav should go on a month's leave and visit Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and take lessons on improving the lives of common man without putting additional burden on their shoulders, said national co-convenor, Panchayati Raj Cell and senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Yogesh Shukla while sitting on a day-long fast at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines on Friday as part of the ongoing agitation against increased house tax.He said that the new tax was not acceptable as people of the city have come to the streets against the arbitrary decision of the state government. The Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP) is fully with the people and would take the fight to it's logical conclusion. He warned that if the exorbitant hike in house tax is not withdrawn we would be forced to adopt the policy of \"No house tax\" as was adopted by the freedom fighters during the British regime. They staged sit in and unitedly opposed the British government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16124405", "title": "A warm welcome to HE Nancy J Powell", "text": "Thursday evening saw the who's who of the city's bureaucracy and politics getting together to welcome the US ambassador to India HE Nancy J Powell.Nancy was here on an invitation of Ammar Rizvi for promoting peace and harmony between the two countries. After the keynote speech, Ammar escorted the ambassador across the hall, making sure that she met everyone present.Flattered: Those present there made sure that they made acquaintance with Nancy. We heard a top bureaucrat recalling his own experiences while he was in US. \"I was there for two years and I'm quite impressed about the way bureaucratic system in your country,\" he told her, to which the ambassador replied, \"I'm flattered.\" Rita Bahuguna Joshi, chose to make an early exit, with Naseeb Pathan in tow, citing another engagement.I'm Here Too: Prateek Yadav was also spotted with wife Aparna. We heard Aparna telling MA Khan about re-joining the Bhatkhande Sangeet Mahavidhyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16109944", "title": "Marriage palaces to promise no more traffic blocks", "text": "LUDHIANA: The commuters on city roads will breathe easy as they get relief from the traffic snarls they usually face outside marriage palaces in the city, whenever there is an event at these. Following a direction of the Punjab and Haryana high court, the district administration is set to take an undertaking from all the marriage palace owners that there will be no traffic blocks near the palaces because of marriage processions and haphazard parking. Deputy commissioner (DC) Rahul Tewari said the high court has directed the 21 DCs in the state to prepare data about number of marriage palaces in the state and check if all of these have permits. The DCs will also take an undertaking from each palace owner in their district about not causing any traffic snarls when hosting functions. \"I have directed the municipal corporation and Greater Ludhiana Administrative Development Authority (GLADA) officials to collect this information by September 3,\" said Tewari, adding, \"The marriage palaces constructed within city limits need to be permitted by the MC, while those outside the city need permission from GLADA.\" The direction has brought respite to residents, who are troubled by the lack of parking space at most of these palaces in the city. \"Half of the road is blocked by parked vehicles and the other half by crowded processions near the marriage palaces. This is troublesome not only for regular commuters on a route but also for the guests visiting the functions, too. The problem is grave on Pakhowal Road and Ferozepur Road,\" said New Sarabha Nagar Extension resident Anup Gupta. Rajguru Nagar resident Ashish Khanna, who works with a liquor brand, said, \"I have experienced being stuck in a jam caused near a marriage palace for over an hour and a half, while I missed my friend's wedding.\" Ferozepur Road and Pakhowal Road have the highest concentration of marriage palaces in the city and people choose not to ply on these roads during marriage seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095798", "title": "Nancy Powell hails UP's infrastructure initiative", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the second day of her two-day visit to the state capital, US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell participated in a lunch meeting with members of the Confederation of Indian Industry on Friday. Interacting with the members of the industry body to take their feedback on the Samajwadi Party government's performance since it came to power in March, Powell also applauded the state government for the initiatives it had taken in the area of infrastructure and roads.In her remarks on India, Powell said that there are nearly 30 lakh Indians making substantial contributions to the US economy. Pegging the total exports from US to India at $ 21 billion, Powell also said it that it is noteworthy that from the 25th position 10 years ago, India had now climbed to 13th position as America's largest business partner. Highlighting other sectors for intervention by the US government, Powell said that the US is keen to have an exchange of technology for the power and defence sectors in India.Minister counsellor for commercial affairs US Embassy Judy Reinke said the US ambassador and her team had met Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday to improve business interaction and industrial climate of UP. As investors search for minimum risk-prone regions, states need to be more competitive, she said, to attract investment.Accompanied by other representatives of the US consulate, Powell also talked about the contribution of Indians to the US economy. Emphasising America's keenness to engage in increased trade with India, Powell also said the US government is looking forward to India's nod to FDI in retail , which, she said, would provide better forward and backward linkages with the agricultural economy of UP. As ambassador to India, this is Powell's first visit to Lucknow.The US delegation also visited Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Accessories Division.The delegates were given a presentation on the facilities and capabilities of HAL as a whole with detailed presentation on accessories division, R&D; programme and areas of interest for joint development programmes. The visit was conducted by CK Vishwakarma, GM of HAL accessories division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16097459", "title": "Two hacked to death in family dispute in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the brutal murder of an ex-MLA created tension in Ramanathapuram district, two persons were hacked to death at a poultry farm in Madurai in another incident in the wee hours of Friday.Police said that the motive for the murder was a family dispute and that the suspect was the brother-in-law of one of the deceased persons. Special teams have been formed to nab the culprits. Police said that Sumathi, daughter of Kamma Pandi of M K Puram near Jaihind Puram in the city was married to Sathish, 27, of Sholavandan. Sathish was a history-sheeter and accused in several cases.He had allegedly collected the gold jewels of Sumathi and sold them away. This infuriated Sumathi's brother Vignesh, 25, who picked up frequent a quarrel with Sathish, police said. Meanwhile, Vignesh was arrested in connection with a case and came out of the prison few days back.On Thursday night, he was at the poultry farm of his friend Vijayapandi of Melakkal when a gang barged into the farm around 2am. The gang started attacking Sathish indiscriminately with sickles. When Vijayapandi attempted to flee the place, the gang hacked him also. As the two collapsed in a pool of blood, the gang fled the spot.Later, public entered the farm on suspicion after the dog there barked continuously and found the two dead bodies. They informed the police who visited the spot and conducted inquiries.Preliminary inquiries have revealed that at least five persons must have committed the offence. Police are also inquiring whether there was any other motive behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16095349", "title": "Man found murdered in his residence", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 61-year-old man was stabbed to death at his house near Kannagi Nagar in Tirupur town on Friday morning. According to police, he was on his way back home after a jog, when he was dragged to his residence by the assailants and was found later in a pool of blood. He had stab wounds on his neck. A special team has been formed to nab the culprits.Police said N Palanisamy from Kannagi Nagar lived alone. His wife Sarojini (52), lived with her son Naveen (26), a software engineer in a private firm in Chennai. Palanisamy lived on the first floor and had rented out the ground floor. Just recently, the tenants on the ground floor had vacated. He was also collecting rent from a commercial complex and a cycle parking.On Friday morning at around 5 am, Palanisamy went for a jog. When a neighbour visited him at 7 a.m., he found Palanisamy in a pool of blood. Immediately he alerted Tirupur north police who rushed to the crime scene. Nothing was stolen from the crime scene.Police suspect that the culprit may have approached Palanisamy to rent his house and later murdered him. They have registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC and a detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099898", "title": "IIT Bhubaneswar hosts maiden convocation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission Dr Anil Kakodkar on Friday stressed on the need for high quality research in engineering and technical institutions.\"The present situation in the country's higher technological education is characterized by little research in engineering and technology and the IITs must take up the challenge to lead the way,\" the noted nuclear scientist said at the maiden convocation of IIT-Bhubaneswar on Friday.Kakodkar further said, \"The aim of research should be to push the frontiers of knowledge as well as to evolve technologies and to implement them for development. Such research sould span a wide spectrum of disciplines, economics and management.\"Underlining the need for industry-academic link, he said, \"We should have an environment that incubates industrial enterprise making use of the R&D; carried out in our institutions. We should have the presence of industry research on the campus in the form of research parks where our students and faculty have the opportunity to participate. Similarly, there should be presence of our national laboratories engaged in key national programmes on our campuses.\"In the first convocation of the institute that started functioning in 2008, 94 students were awarded Bachelor of Technology (B Tech) degrees while one student received a PhD in electrical engineering. However, of the 93 passing out graduates only 10 have opted for research and higher studies while the rest of them joined jobs in their respective fields.The IIT-BBS awarded Honoris Causa (doctor of Science) Dr Bhakta B Rath, associate director of research and head material sciences and component technology directorate, Naval Research Laboratory, Washington DC, USA.Raghav R of the school of mechanical sciences received the President's gold medal for best academic performance among the outgoing BTech students. \"The firsts are indeed the toughest, the sweetest and the most enjoyed and it has been a huge privilege to have been part of it,\" said Raghav, who will be joining Stanford University for higher studies.Director of the IIT-BBS, Madhusudan Chakraborty said, \"This is a glorious moment for the institute to present its first batch of successful students. It has been a wonderful journey for the last four years. The institute has tried its best to contribute to the state's growth and also take advantage of various conditions of the state for which we have set up two schools including school of earth, ocean and climate sciences and school of mineral, metallurgical and materials engineering.\"He added: \"At present, IIT is functioning from various campuses scattered across the city and by the beginning of 2014 we are planning to move to our own campus at Arugul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102028", "title": "Godhra ghost haunting, hurting Narendra Modi politically", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ghost of Godhra continues to haunt chief minister Narendra Modi even as he sets his eyes on a larger political role. And, for this astute politician known for his impeccable sense of timing, time seems to be running out fast.Barely 100 days ahead of assembly elections, the series of convictions in riot cases have only aggravated Modi's credibility crisis. He may have got a clean chit for his alleged role in the riots, but the association with BJP leaders like Dr Maya Kodnani who was convicted for murder and conspiring to kill Muslims, can not only trip his flight towards the Centre but also spell trouble for him in the state polls.So far, there have been over 190 convictions, including 11 death penalties and at least 100 life sentences, in riots cases like Sardarpura, Dipda Darwaja, Ode and Naroda Patia.Modi, who tried to drop off his hardliner tag through state-wide Sadbhavana missions, is under a threat of upsetting the Hindu vote bank if he welcomes the verdicts. If he doesn't, there is a fear that his Sadbhavana talks may ring hollow. Special court judge Jyotsna Yagnik observed that there was a conspiracy by Kodnani and other saffron leaders. This is sure to dent his Sadbhavana image.The verdicts, especially in Naroda Patia, are expected to provide the much-needed ammunition, not only to the Congress but also Modi's own critics within the NDA and Sangh Parivar who are itching to keep him out of the prime ministerial race.Leading the charge is Vishwa Hindu Parishad, which has been on a collision course with Modi for a few years now. Much before the saffron outfit frowned at his Sadbhavna mission, its leaders were enraged at the demolition of temples in Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad.VHP leader Dr Pravin Togadia on Friday condemned the Naroda Patia verdict and offered his outfit's full support to all convicted persons. \"VHP will support with all its might all the Hindus convicted in the case,\" he told reporters in Surat.The troubles do not end here. Modi's bete noire Keshubhai Patel is threatening to deeply divide the politically influential Patels. There is nothing Modi has been able to do to stop this BJP veteran from pulling massive crownds in recent days. Beside Keshubhai, a silent revolt already started brewing among Patels against the BJP after the Sardarpura verdict - almost all convicts in the massacre case are Patels. The result was BJP losing the by-elections in Mansa, considered the party's bastion for 20 years.In Ode too, Patels shouted slogans against Modi government and the village declared a complete bandh. The story was repeated in Visnagar's Dipda Darwaja case. Patels clearly feel dejected that Modi, far from making any attempts for their succour, was busy harbouring prime ministerial ambitions. Besides Patels, those convicted in Naroda Patia are Sindhis, Chharas and Dalits, all committed voters of BJP.This is the first time that Modi is besieged with such crisis; he successfully thwarted a rebellious upsurge against him in 2005 by not less than 69 of his own party MLAs.Sources say VHP may support Patel in a full-fledged manner making things difficult for Modi in certain pockets.On poll planks too, Modi may have to do some hard thinking as Congress has already let loose a cannonade of freebies for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102715", "title": "Flood of complaints amid deluge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in the monsoon season, clouds thundered and burst into a heavy spell of rains on Friday afternoon. Citizens were caught off guard as most of them struggled with their two wheelers which gave way in the water logging and refused to budge ahead on roads that turned into rivers for a few hours in many parts of the city.The city, on an average received 43 mm of rains on Friday afternoon. Weather officials said that the city will continue to get moderate to rather heavy rains on Saturday as well. \"There is an upper air cyclonic circulation lying over Gujarat. This is extending from 2.1 km Above Sea Level (ASL) to 5.8 km ASL. This height is sufficient to give rains which will be received by Gujarat region especially north Gujarat. Rains will also occur in Saurashtra. Kutch however is not likely to get any rains from this circulation\", said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist at Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat.Mohanty said that the rains are likely to continue on Saturday where moderate to rather heavy spells of rains are likely to occur in many places. Gujarat is currently running a deficit of 60 per cent rains while Saurashtra and Kutch regions are highly deficient with 79 per cent rain deficit.\"My two wheeler conked off at Maninagar cross roads because of excessive water logging. Even the BRTS buses were running late. The sudden burst of rains completely caught me unaware and I had to return home while on my way to work. After an hour and half, however, things completely cleared\", said Avani Tomar, a Maninagar resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095715", "title": "This expo can help you plan your retirement", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no age limit to celebrate life and the aim of an upcoming expo in the city is to spread this very message. 'Celebrating Age', a two-day expo on active retirement, will feature various workshops and conferences on retirement planning, health insurance and other fun programmes, including yoga, aerobics and recreational amenities.\"By 2050, India is set to have the highest number of people above 50 years of age. The challenge is to ensure that the elderly are able to lead a healthy and dignified life. They should have every opportunity to pursue activities of their choice and be treated with respect and dignity,\" said Janki Venketraman of Vision India, one of the organizers.The expo, one among a series of events being held in cities over a period of two months, will be held in Mumbai on September 15 and 16 at the World Trade Centre in Cuffe Parade. \"We will be covering eight cities, including Mumbai,\" added Venketraman.Apart from two days of interactions with experts in the field of old age planning, the expo will also feature an exhibition of goods and products for the 50-plus.\"There will be many senior officials meeting people and talking about qualitative and healthy ageing trends, workshops on insurance, banking and special recruitment desks with second career options for those who are interested,\" added Venketraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096190", "title": "London varsity shut Delhi office month ago", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as over 350 Indian students continued to face uncertainty on Friday after the UK Border Agency (UKBA) revoked London Metropolitan University's (LMU) licence to admit and teach international students, their Delhi office has also been closed down. On Friday, a signboard of another company was seen pasted over LMU's signboard and the door was locked.Until a few days ago, the university used to specify the addresses of its offices in Delhi and Chennai on their website but now even those have been taken off.SI UK Education Council, an education agency that counsels students for education in UK also has its office on the same floor as LMU, at the seventh floor of Ashoka Estate, Barakhamba Road. They however claimed that LMU had closed its Delhi office almost a month ago. \"They closed because the university wanted to cut cost and they vacated around 31 July,\" said director, SI UK Education Council, Dwayne Gallagher.The agency had received a mail from LMU saying that all admissions for the coming season were closed and a hotline has been set up for the current batch of students who have been affected or who want to get in touch with LMU. \"Many other UK universities have expressed interest in absorbing the international students who have been affected by LMU's closure. It is not public yet but universities have communicated to help these students,\" added Gallagher.SI UK Education Council received a lot of calls from worried parents of students who were studying at LMU. \"This morning we got a lot of calls from parents asking about alternative universities,\" added Manager, SI UK Education Council, Puneet Soin.According to media reports, UK Border Agency staff have claimed one in four of LMU's overseas students (26 out of a sample of 101) did not have valid visas, 142 out of 250 had 'attendance problems' and 20 out of 50 interviewed had limited English speaking abilities.Gallagher said that it was hard to believe that so many students had invalid visas. \"I find it hard to believe that so many students have invalid visas. Also students usually clear English test before they are given admission to any UK university. How can so many students fake that test? I hope that this doesn't happen with any other UK university in future,\" he said.LMU's international students have been given 60 days to find alternative courses and universities or face deportation from the UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16094148", "title": "Soon, special van to locate power faults", "text": "NOIDA: The power distribution company of Noida will soon be deploying a 'mobile fault-finder van' to detect faults in case of power tripping so that repair work can be conducted instantly and power restored at the earliest. At present, restoration of power consumes a lot of time because personnel of the power distribution company of Noida take considerable time to locate faults in transmission lines. The van would be equipped with modern equipment and would be manned by a team of dedicated personnel.The decision to ply a mobile fault-finding van in the city has come from Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) upon demands made for it by industrialists of Noida. Noida Entrepreneurs' Association had demanded the van during their meeting with UPPCL managing director, AP Mishra, on Thursday.The demand was made by the industry body in view of the fact that power supply in the city is hampered for considerable lengths of time due to minor faults in transmission lines even during periods when supply is adequate and there is no rostering. The entrepreneurs' body had complained that engineers express their inability to locate faults as the reason behind delays in fixing supply.UPPCL informed that a proposal would be sent from its Noida office to its head office in Lucknow from where the van would be sanctioned. The fault-finding van, with its team of dedicated personnel, would be deployed to find and fix faults in case of tripping of supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099156", "title": "Special CID team to probe Khunti killings", "text": "RANCHI: Concerned over the rise in number of killings in Khunti, security agencies in Jharkhand have geared up to contain the deteriorating law and order situation in the district. DGP GS Rath who held a meeting on Thursday to review the situation constituted a special investigation team (SIT) headed by IG Sampat Meena.A CID team led by a DSP visited Khunti on Friday to explore the reasons behind the sudden spate of killings in the district since 2010. Over 300 such cases have been reported from the district in the past two years.A seven-day time frame has been given to the team to conduct to review the situation and submit a report.Sources said Peoples' Liberation Front of India (PLFI), Communist Party of India (Maoists) and other Maoist-linked guerillas are fighting to gather mileage in the district. Ranchi range DIG Seethal Oraon said PLFI was involved in more number of killings compared to other organizations.Meena said, \"The team is in Khunti today. It has been asked to study the ground realities. The basic focus of our investigation is to know what has actually caused the situation to turn so grim.\" The CID review would help the state police plan deployment of officers and remedial measures to solve the crisis, senior police officers said.\"A post of a DSP has been created. Now there would be a DSP in Torpa,\" said Rath.Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam has, however, left for Mysore for some training program at a time when he was needed the most in the district. Oraon said that his training program was due for sometime. \"The training program was scheduled long back. There is nothing extraordinary about it,\" said Oraon.The district where only 800-odd police are deployed has one DSP till date. \"The new DSP has not joined yet,\" said SP in-charge Khunti Ashwini Kumar Sinha. Along with a DSP, the district has also been given four inspectors, and six sub inspectors.Apart from SIT probe, directions have also been given to beef up police patrolling in the district. \"I have also received reports that police patrolling is poor in rural parts of the district,\" said a police officer. Now that there are more police in the district, patrolling would be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108778", "title": "\u2018Outsiders\u2019 send poll code for a toss", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a gross violation of the code of conduct for student council election at Panjab University on Friday, hordes of \"outsiders\" displayed a show of strength and power to a student body on the pretext of a re-union. Claiming to celebrate 15 years of inception of a student body, all former leaders and incumbent members of this student body gathered to raise slogans and continued canvassing for polls. The members invited close to 200 supporters for a cake-cutting ceremony, which eventually turned into a display of strength for the forthcoming student council polls. Flaunting to \"have broken rules\", these former student leaders went on with the drama as the university security and police looked on helpless. The \"get-together\" of students' organization of Panjab University witnessed presence of their prominent student leaders and founding members. These included D P Randhawa and Rajan Brar, Bhupinder S Benniwal, S S Naba, Kushbaj, S Jatana, Ranjit Singh Raju, Dalveer Singh Goldy, Harpreet Singh Multani, Barinder Singh Dhillon, Vicky Middukhera, Robin Brar and Manoj Lubana. \"We are not canvassing, but are simply gathered on the occasion of 15th birthday of SOPU. All former leaders have come together and this was a pre-planned event,\" said Brinder Dhillon, a SOPU leader. The re-union, said the university security was 'not a violation' since the students just gathered for a get-together. \"No trouble was created. We were extra vigilant and security had been deployed. Outsiders or former students are not permitted to participate in poll process, but these students were not canvassing,\" said P K Dhawan, PU's chief security officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107715", "title": "UILS welcomes freshers with a fun-filled bash", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a day full of revelry and excitement as the students of University Institute of Legal Studies (UILS), Panjab University gave a warm welcome to the freshers of the institute at the university law auditorium on Friday. Festivity pervaded as the students sang and danced to the tunes of foot-tapping numbers, in tune with the theme of the party which was Bollywood. The highlight of the day was a fashion show in which the juniors showcased talent. Dilawar bagged the title of Mr Fresher, while Garvita was declared Miss Fresher. In addition to these, Danish and Chinar were declared Mr and Miss Best Dressed, respectively. Akshay and Ishita bagged the titles of Mr and Miss Talented, respectively. The function concluded with director Sangita Bhalla welcoming freshers and urging them to keep the flag of UILS flying high. Admission date extended to Sept 15 Admission to various courses in Panjab University, seats for which are still lying vacant, has been extended to September 14. In anticipation of the approval of syndicate, the vice-chancellor has extended the last date for admissions to various teaching departments with late fee of Rs1,800. PU working todayPanjab University's teaching departments, centres and institutes will observe September 1 (Saturday) as working day and in lieu of September 10 (Monday) which shall be a holiday due to student elections. The time-table of the teaching departments for September 10 will be operative on September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16092979", "title": "Legal opinion sought on organizers\u2019 role in August 11 riot", "text": "MUMBAI: Three weeks after a mob went on the rampage in south Mumbai on August 11\u2014for which 55 have been arrested, two of them for vandalizing the Martyrs' Memorial\u2014the police now seem to be going after the rally organizers. Besides finding out if the speeches at the gathering\u2014 the riot allegedly broke out at that time \u2014were provocative, the police are also gunning for the rioters who allegedly molested women constables posted at the site.Till now, the organizers have not been made an accused in the FIR. \"The police are finding out from legal experts if some of the speeches provoked the crowd and started the riot. It's too early to say anything as the police have not got a legal opinion on booking the organizers as accused,\" said a senior police officer. The crime branch has summoned all the 17 people who were present on the stage during the rally. \"We have recorded the statements of most of the people and are recording that of the organizers. We are corroborating their words with the facts and information gathered by the police,\" said a source. A senior officer said they would decide on the next course of action depending on the legal experts' reports. \"If it is found out that anyone among the organizers did play a vital role, he will be made an accused at a later stage. We don't want to name anyone now,\" a senior officer said. \"The two held for vandalizing the memorial had no connection between themselves. We suspect that the violence was pre-planned. We are taking down the statements of witnesses and collecting more evidence,\" said crime branch head Himangshu Roy.The rally, held in protest against alleged violence against the Muslim community in Assam and Myanmar , was called by a non-registered NGO, Madina-tul-Ilm, run by a Kurla resident, Rizwan Khan. The demonstration was supported by another non-registered NGO, Raza Academy, and several other NGOs. \"The youngsters outside Azad Maidan began manhandling the media crew even as a speaker accused the media for ignoring the Muslims' plight,\" the source said. Even as the mob went on to assault policemen, vandalize everything that came their way and one stole a police rifle, several of the rioters allegedly molested at least six women constables deployed at the site. \"We have formed a separate team to probe the molestation angle and included female officers. It's a sensitive investigation and we are taking measures to make it a watertight case,\" said Roy. According to a source, the police plan to approach the home department, asking it to run the trial in a fast track court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16103012", "title": "Radiation norms for mobile companies get stricter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Starting Saturday, Indian mobile radiation standards are set to become more stringent with the department of telecommunications ( DoT) cutting down on radiation levels in the interest of public health.To reduce energy absorption while using handsets, consumers will only be allowed to use designs that have a lower energy absorption rate, as measured by the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) value. According to the new rules, the SAR value has been set at 1.6 watt per kg.Even as handsets with a higher energy absorption rate of 2.0 W/kg can continue to be in use until August 31 of next year, all new mobile phones manufactured or imported in India would have to comply with the new norms from September, 2013. Mobile manufacturers will also have to display the SAR value on the handset and inform the consumer while selling.Similarly, keeping public health in view, the electromagnetic frequency (EMF) for all handsets will now have to be reduced to one-tenth of the existing levels. Compliance with the new norms will make Indian telecom regulations 10 times more rigid than they are in over the 90% of the countries across the globe.In any instance of non-compliance or violation of the norms, a penalty of 5 lakh will be levied per BTS per service provider.Telecom Enforcement Research &amp; Monitoring cells will be responsible for conducting audit on the self-certification furnished by the service providers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101344", "title": "13,013 challans issued to school buses this year", "text": "GURGAON: Going by the huge numbers of challans issued to school buses this year, it seems that city schools are yet to implement the Punjab and Haryana High Court's directives in letter and spirit.The traffic police issued 13,013 challans in 2012 as compared to just 500 in 2011 to school buses. Traffic police have been inspecting schools from time to time. In March, a team of 10 citizen volunteers along with traffic zonal officers had been assigned the duty to carry out the job. That time, too, many school buses were found lacking in fulfilling all the safety norms and were given a week's time to rectify the faults. The directives include the presence of first aid kits in the bus and also mentions that drivers and conductors have suitable qualifications and relevant experience. Besides, school managements are responsible for managing traffic outside their building during school hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16099216", "title": "Fire breaks out at Bokaro Steel Plant mill", "text": "BOKARO: A massive fire broke out in a transformer of Tandem Mill-I at the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) here. More than two dozen firemen and eight fire tenders of BSL and state government took about four hours to douse the flames. The production at the Tandem Mill got affected owing to the fire and the company has suffered losses worth crores. The transformer was imported from Russia , sources said.Thick clouds of black smoke and rising flames were noticed from a distance. Following the incident, the chief executive officer (CEO) of BSL, Anutosh Maitra, executive directors and other senior officials reached the spot, said sources.Shivaji Tripathi, a fireman said that the fire engulfed the whole transformer. But the flames were doused before it could spread to other units. However, no one was hurt during the incident. It took more than four hours to douse the flames completely.Chief of communication of BSL, Sanjay Tiwari said people raised an alarm on seeing smoke billowing out of the transformer following which the fire extinguishers rushed to the spot to take control of the situation. A standby transformer will be replaced soon to normalize electricity supply in the unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16096931", "title": "Former DMK MLA hacked to death in Kamudi, aides murder assailant", "text": "MADURAI: A former DMK MLA was hacked to death in his house at Kamudi in Ramanathapuram district on Friday and minutes later the assailant was killed by the leader's aides when he tried to escape.The murder of Kadhar Basha, 70, also known as Vellaichamy, sparked tension in the region as the DMK leader and the man who murdered him belonged to different castes. A large posse of police has been deployed in sensitive pockets.Shops downed shutters and buses stopped plying as tension mounted.\"There is absolutely no caste angle to the murder. In fact, the former MLA has a large number of supporters in the other caste,\" said Ramanathapuram superintendent of police Kaliraj Mahesh Kumar, who is camping in Kamudi.Police identified the assailant as Dhanaseelan, 42, of the same village and said he entered Basha's house in the morning when he was having breakfast. His wife Rukmani was also in the dining room while his son Muthuramalingam and aides were upstairs.Dhanaseelan pulled out a sickle and attacked an unsuspecting Basha. Rukmani sustained injuries when she tried to save her husband.As Basha collapsed in a pool of blood, Dhanaseelan attempted to escape. But Muthuramalingam and his aides came rushing into the room hearing the cries and started attacking Dhanaseelan with logs.Within moments, Dhanaseelan also collapsed and died. Police are yet to arrest anyone for Dhanaseelan's murder.Muthuramalingam was elected as president of Melaramanthi panchayat unopposed four times. During the last local body elections, Dhanaseelan reportedly sought the post for himself.But Basha went ahead and nominated his son. This angered Dhanaseelan, who made one of his friend file nominations. \"However, his friend withdrew from the contest at the last moment and Muthuramalingam was elected unopposed once again. Dhanaseelan believed that it was Basha, who was behind his friend withdrawing from the polls and nursed a grudge against him,'' a police officer said.Police said until a few years back, Dhanaseelan was working with Basha and was loyal to him. But he fell out with him after he felt that Basha was not helping him achieve his political ambitions. Police have launched a hunt for Basha's aides who fled the spot after attacking Dhanaseelan. Kaliraj Mahesh Kumar said the situation is under control and that police are taking efforts to prevent the situation from snowballing.DMK chief M Karunanidhi in a statement recalled the services of Kadar Basha to the party and his constituency as an MLA between 1971 and 1976 and again in 1989-91. Expressing his condolences to the bereaved family, Karunanidhi advised party cadres not to indulge in violence in retaliation to the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16108441", "title": "Will look to score 450 and take early wickets: Guptill", "text": "BANGALORE: Kiwi opener Martin Guptill, who scored 53, was confident that things looked easier for the Kiwi campaign if they could post 450 and also snare a few early Indian wickets.\"We have to keep up the positive intent. If we put 400-450 on the board and attack them then it's going to put some pressure on India.\"There is a bit of swing and seam on this wicket and if we can pick up a few wickets early on, it'll be great,\" said Guptill, who knitted a 63-run partnership with Kane Williamson for the second wicket stand.Lauding Ross Taylor's heroics with the bat, Guptill felt his skipper's century (113) has not only steered the team from initial jitters but also steadied the Kiwi charge.\"It makes it a lot easier for the batsmen coming on. It takes a bit of pressure off them. Ross is a class player,\" said Guptill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16091550", "title": "'This is stuff for the textbooks'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court upheld the death sentence of 26/11 Mumbai attack terrorist Mohammed Ajmal Kasab given to him by special court. That verdict was delivered by Justice Madan Laxmandas Tahaliyani who was then additional sessions judge of Greater Mumbai. In its judgment, the apex court heaped praises on the Justice Tahaliyani, who is now at Nagpur bench hearing public interest litigations (PILs).\"In course of hearing, we also came to know the trial judge Tahaliyani. From the records, he appears to be a stern, no-nonsense person and a true flag bearer of the rule of law in this country. The manner in which he conducted the trial proceedings and maintained the record is exemplary,\" the apex court division bench of justices Aftab Alam and CK Prasad observed.The judges went on to recommend that records of Kasab's case dictated by judge Tahaliyani should be included in curriculum of the National Judicial Authority and the judicial academies of different states as a model for criminal trial proceedings. Though happy, Justice Tahaliyani refused comment citing protocol for judges.Hailing from Vidarbha's Gondia district, Justice Tahaliyani started trial of this biggest terror attack on Indian soil on May 6, 2009, and delivered the judgment exactly a year later May 6, 2010, sentencing Kasab to death for killing 148 persons and injuring over 248. The Bombay High Court upheld this verdict on February 21 last year. Kasab, lodged at Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail, then filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) in the top court. Tahaliyani was elevated as high court judge on March 18 last year.Born on December 23, 1953, at Sardar Shahar in Churu district of Rajasthan, Tahaliyani completed his law degree from Gondia's Natwarlal Maniklal Dalal College and started law practice in May 1977. Initially, he worked under lawyer Dada Deshkar at Chandrapur. He became assistant public prosecutor at Gadchiroli on December 14, 1979. He worked in that capacity for seven years appearing in various courts in Gadchiroli, Sironcha, Desaiganj and Warora before moving to Mumbai as metropolitan magistrate.In his career spanning nearly two and half decades, Justice Tahaliyani earned a reputation of being versatile and fair judge and an expert in both criminal and civil laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102388", "title": "Lokayukta post: Govt now says consultations hinge on outcome of special leave petition", "text": "BANGALORE: Four weeks ago, the state government had claimed that the process to select a new Lokayukta had commenced. But in a twist , the government on Friday informed the Karnataka high court that the consultation process to choose a new Lokayukta will depend on the outcome of the special leave petition (SLP) filed by them in the Supreme Court.Advocate general S Vijay Shankar filed a memo before the division bench headed by Justice K Sridhara Rao while seeking for adjournment of the proceedings. The bench acceded and adjourned the hearing by two weeks.In its memo, the state government has stated that the SLP filed by it against the April 3 verdict of the high court quashing the appointment of Upa Lokayukta was heard on August 14 and 16 and it was due for further hearing on Tuesday. On an earlier occasion , the state government had told the high court that the consultation process was initiated and had sought time for arriving at a consensus.One HS Neelakantappa, a resident of Tarikere in Chikmagalur district, has filed the PIL complaining that the state government is deliberately delaying the appointment of Lokayukta. The post of Lokayukta has been vacant since September when Justice Shivaraj V Patil resigned.HC relief for 49 diploma studentsA division bench headed by Justice K Sridhara Rao on Friday granted interim relief permitting Harshitha and 48 others to be admitted to fifth semester diploma course and allow them to sit for internal examination. The single bench had refused to grant interim order on Thursday. The students were denied admission on the ground they had more than eight subjects to clear from their previous four semesters. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16098484", "title": "Supplementary budget of over Rs 4k crore tabled", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren tabled the first supplementary budget for 2012-13 worth Rs 4,108.34 crore in the assembly on the first day of the monsoon session of the assembly on Friday.Maximum value of Rs 1,007 crore has been sought for the finance department whereas Rs 750.18 crore has been sought for the food, supply and consumer affairs department and Rs 527.40 crore for the health, medical education and family welfare department.The government also tabled printed version of action taken by various departments against assurances given by the ministers during the budget session. Made into five volumes, the ATR has details of all 547 assurances. Copies of eight bills that were approved by the assembly during the budget session and were sent for the governor's endorsement were also tabled.Although no discussions were slated for the first day, Pradeep Yadav of the JVM raised a point of order while ATR was being tabled. He accused land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato of misleading the house during the budget session. Yadav said the minister had assured the assembly of cancelling the allotment of 44 acres land made for Abhijit Group in Saraikela-Kharsawan district whereas the land was regularized instead. Declaring to move privilege motion against the minister, he said ministers in government were accountable to the assembly and they should abide by the announcements made on floor of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102603", "title": "Two arrested for stock broker's abduction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch officials arrested two persons on Friday for abducting a stock broker to recover Rs 4.5 crore from his father. The youth was held captive for six days.Police identified the victim as Shaishil Zaveri and the accused as Jatin Shah, 45, and Bankesh Bhavsar, 42, both residents of Ambawadi.Police said the accused duo had abducted Shaishil to pressurize his father Tushar Zaveri, a resident of Satellite, to cough up Rs 4.5 crore that he owed them. Tushar has his demat account with Span Tradelink, a firm owned by Shah at Shivalik Complex near Panchvati. Tushar had purchased five lakh shares of PM Tradelink worth Rs 8 crore on margin basis from Shah a month back. Out of the stock, he returned two lakh shares to Shah and sold off three lakh shares to make payment to Shah. However, he incurred losses and was supposed to pay Rs 4.5 crore to Shah towards the final payment.\"On July 16, Shah asked Tushar to buy the shares from him and pay the debt. When the pressure mounted from Shah and other creditors in the market, Zaveri left Ahmedabad and went to Indore. Meanwhile, Shah got to know that on August 24, Zaveri's son Shaishil was to come to Ahmedabad for his visa process for Canada. He got Shaishil abducted from near Anjali crossroads,\" said a crime branch official.Zaveri's daughter informed the city crime branch about the abduction after which police started electronic surveillance and located him at a flat in Fatepura near Paldi. A team led by inspector Bhavesh Roziya freed him and nabbed Shah and Bhavsar.In his statement, Shaishil said the duo had forcibly taken the keys of his car, flat and shops and also made him sign on blank forms related to stock trading. Investigators said that Zaveri has to pay nearly Rs 5 crore to various stock brokers in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16101622", "title": "Students' protest hits dental services at King George's Medical University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dental care services at King George's Medical University remained paralysed for more than three hours on Friday following the ongoing strike by dental students who demanded jobs in public health services. The protesting students locked the main entrance of KGMU's dental faculty and told patients waiting to see the doctors. The dental students want the post of dentist to be created at district hospitals, Community Health Centres (CHC) and Primary Health Care (PHC).On the fifth day of protest, the students protested in front of KGMU. Due to which, the patients in Out Patient Departments were denied treatment for more than three hours. A patient, Ramesh Singh had to return back to his home after waiting for couple of hours. He said, \"After enquiring at the hospital, I came to know about the strike. If I knew this, I would not have come.\"One of the protestor Shiv Pratap Singh while talking to TOI said, \"We are protesting because we want government to create the post of dentist at all the district hospitals, CHCs and PHCs.\"Commenting on the affected dental service, chief medical superintendent of KGMU, Prof SN Shankhwar said, \"The dental service at the university was disrupted only for three hours. Protestors carried out the strike from 8.00 a.m. to 11.00 a.m.After the intervention of police at 11.00 a.m., the dental service was resumed.\" He added that creating the post is in hands of government and hence the university has no role to play in it. Instead of creating nuisance in front of the university, they should have protested at Vidhan Sabha or some other place.Though patient care services resumed, students continued with their demonstration. Tired of their adamant behaviour, the local administration resorted to the use of force to check them. The police detained some students who were later allowed to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16093342", "title": "Robbery may be murder motive: Cops", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after A 20-year old CA student was found brutally murdered at his residence in Amba Bari area, the police did not rule out the possibility of robbery by someone known to him as a motive behind the gruesome crime. The victim's parents who had left for Somnath temple on a pilgrimage returned to Jaipur on Friday. They suspect that some valuables were looted.However, police said that it is being confirmed and the focus of investigation is on the person who had drove the victim's Scooty to Sindhi Camp area and abandoned it there. Some are also under the scanner.The deceased, Ankit Pareek, had been strangulated to death probably with a telephone cable which was found lying near his body in a room in his house on Thursday afternoon. Ankit's father Mahesh runs a cement factory in Alwar's Behror area.\"We had found a Scooty lying abandoned at Sindhi Camp bus stand. It is suspected that the killer drove the Scooty there and left it abandoned in front of a hotel. The killer had planned the whole episode meticulously. However, we have some evidence,\" said the officer.The body was handed over to the family after post-mortem on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094913", "title": "Key aides of Gen V K Singh shunted out", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army on Friday announced transfer of five senior officers as it continued to move out close allies of former chief Gen V K Singh from sensitive posts.Among the newly-appointed officers are a new Director General of Infantry, a new chief for the Jammu-based 16 Corps, and a new General Officer commanding Delhi area. The appointments also reflect new Army chief General Bikram Singh's efforts to depute his own confidants in key posts.The Army has shunted out Lt Gen A K Choudhary from Director General of Military Operations (DGMO) to less consequential Bengal area chief.Lt General J S Bajwa, who is the commandant of Infantry School, has been appointed as the new Director General of Infantry at the Army headquarters. Lt Gen A S Nandal, who is presently the GOC of 16 Corps deployed in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, would be the new chief of Infantry School.A significant transfer ordered on Friday is that of Lt Gen V K Pillai, the General Officer commanding Delhi area, who was perceived to be a handpicked by Gen V K Singh for the crucial post. Pillai has been posted out as chief of Andhra, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Kerala Area. Lt Gen S Mitra to take charge as the new GOC, Delhi area.Without kicking up a massive row , the new Army chief is moving steadily into banishing Gen V K Singh's legacy and sidelining officers who were seen to be close to him. Gen Bikram Singh has already decided to shut down Technical Support Division (TSD), a secretive intelligence unit that Gen V K Singh had created and was headed by the former chief's close associate Colonel Honey Bakshi.The Army is also expected to carry out high-level investigations into the conduct of TSD, as well as into the use of military intelligence fund during Gen V K Singh's tenure. There has been a significant jump in the intelligence budget during the former chief's tenure, without any convincing explanation, according to sources. The ministry of defence is yet to sanction its mandatory approval to the Military Intelligence (MI) spending of last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "16103989", "title": "Even males not spared!", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: Not only females but males also underwent surgery for removal of 'uterus'. This came to light at a five-day special healthcare camp organized by district administration at local Patel Maidan recently where smartcard holders were asked to lodge their complaints if their uteri were removed unnecessarily or false claims were made in their names by the concerned nursing homes. Altogether 2606 persons lodged their complaints. According to sources, the number would have been much high but due to the threats by the touts and middlemen involved in the racket.According to sources, state labour resources department informed the district administration in July that about Rs 17 crore were claimed by the nursing homes in the district and paid by the insurance company for providing different health services to 14,851 smart cardholders, including 5503 patients who were operated upon or their uteruses were removed for various reasons.Surprisingly, doctors have found uterus in the body of males and they were operated for the removal of their 'uteri' to claim the operation fee. Ram Ashray Das, Sambhoo Sahni, Satrughan Sahni, Rampunit Mahto, Ramsagar Thakur and Suresh Paswan of Ujiarpur block are some of the names whose 'uteruses' were removed.Out of the 2606 persons who lodged their complaints, 1108 cases, including 209 of uterus removal, were found suspicious. Sundari Devi (22) of Morwa block said the doctor had removed her uterus unnecessarily. Similar was the complaint of 32-year-old Radhika Devi, having a 4-year-old girl child. Munni Devi of Kalyanpur Nizamat said she went to nursing home for tubectomy but the doctor removed her uterus. Sunaina Devi said the doctor claimed money for removing the uterus of her unmarried daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16108617", "title": "Judge who weighed the evidence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Special judge Jyotsna Yagnik began her career as faculty member at Gujarat Law Society and later served as principal of I M Nanavati Law College in the city. She began her practice at City Civil and Sessions Court and was selected for judicial services. In 1998-99, she was appointed additional sessions judge.The first major verdict she gave was in the Bijal Joshi gangrape case in 2008, convicting New Delhi-based businessman Sajal Jain and four others. In 2010, she gave judgment in the ISI conspiracy case under special POTA laws convicting 22.In 2009, Gujarat High Court assigned Yagnik the Naroda Patia massacre case, one of nine cases probed by the Supreme Court-appointed special investigating team (SIT). Since then, she has been the only judge in SIT cases, not to have been changed or transferred. In fact, when she was transferred from the case, SIT moved the Supreme Court and got orders for her reinstatement.As the marathon proceedings of Naroda Patia case ended on Friday, the judge scheduled trial in another sensational case - 2008 serial blasts \u2014 for Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095676", "title": "UP govt to buy power produced by sugar mills", "text": "LUCKNOW: In light of the current power criss in Uttar Pradesh, protocol minister for UP, Abhishek Mishra, on Friday assured the sugar industry that the government would purchase all power manufactured by them through co-generation. Speaking at Sugar Tech 2012, the annual conference of the sugar industry organised by Confederation of Indian Industry, Mishra said this would serve a dual purpose - allow the sugar industry to work effectively during the lean period, and bridge the supply-demand gap in the state.Of the 126 operational sugar mills in UP, 58 sugar mills are involved in cogeneration and produce 1,100 MW of power. According to industry representatives, with adequate support from the state government, co-generation can be increased to 2,000 MW levels. The demand and supply gap in UP is also, pegged at approximately 2,500MW.Aimed at reviewing the substantial fall in the production of sugar in UP and to assess the challenges and opportunities for farmers, industry and the state government, the day-long programme emphasised that the sugar industry supported 50 million farmers and their families and generated employment for around 12% of the entire rural population in nine major sugar producing states. President, Sugar Technologists Association of India and Executive Director, CEO Simbaholi Sugars Limited, GSC Rao, said: \"This is the only industry in UP top have sustained all economic upheavals. The future of sugar industry lies in manufacturing five key aspects - Bio sugar, bio methanol, bio fuel, bio diesel, bio water, which will in turn convert the sugar complex into a agri-business complex for the viability of sugar industry\".Saying that the sugar industry in UP had huge potential, principal secretary, sugar industries and cane development, Rahul Bhatnagar, said: \"Development of sugar industry in UP is only possible when farmer incomes are enhanced.\"From 2003-04 to 2011-12 crushing capacity of sugar mills in UP has increased from 4 lakh TCD to 7.5 Lakhs TCD. Cane Commissioner Kamran Rizvi, said: \"Sugarcane farmers in UP are still ailing due to traditional farming practices.'' He invited proposals from sugar industries for cane harvesting pilot projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16099997", "title": "High security number to track illegal autorickshaws", "text": "KOLKATA: Autorickshaws will have to get their high security number plates by Kali Puja, state transport minister Madan Mitra said on Friday after a meeting with the unions. Mitra added that they would also have to get their ID cards through their unions and the police. The number plates will help nab illegal auto rickshaws.According to Mitra, the deputy commissioners of the city police, commissionerates and DSPs of the districts are being asked to prepare lists of all auto rickshaw drivers in their area along with their addresses and phone numbers. This database will help government prevent and detect untoward incidents. This will help track down auto rickshaw drivers. \"We are also trying to figure out how many auto drivers don't even have driving licences. There have been such complaints too,\" Mitra said.The minister said he had asked unions not to raise fare. \"The unions have said fares did not go up and they have been asked not to go for it. In case we get further complaints by passengers on fare rise, we will take strict action,\" Mitra said. The other issue discussed was not to \"break\" designated routes.During the day, the transport minister met unions from Kolkata, Barasat, Howrah, Barrackpore and Salt Lake.The auto rickshaw unions, on their part, have appealed to the government to set up terminuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16111634", "title": "Sound reasoning wins Kudankulam for centre", "text": "CHENNAI: So what swung the Kudankulam judgment in favour of the governments and their agencies, though the Madras high court was unhappy with the Centre for poor assistance during hearings of PILs against the nuclear power plant? What impressed the bench of Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy most was the safety protocol and clearance details narrated by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited, specialist committees, the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board. Convinced by the exhaustive work done by these bodies, Justice Jyothimani said: \"There are adequate safeguards available, as is seen in the documents. In such circumstances, the apprehension of some section of the people that the commissioning of the plant is against public safety, in our considered view, is unfounded.\" Reference to earthquakes and tsunami , besides the Chernobyl and Fukushima disasters too failed to move the judges. They pointed out that the most intense earthquake in the neighbourhood of Kudankulam occurred in February 1900, at Coimbatore , which is 307km away. The textile city had experienced a quake measuring six on the Richter scale. As for Chernobyl, the judges cited reports saying it was an accident caused by design deficiencies coupled with several violations of the prescribed procedure by poorly trained operators. Fukushima, they said, was within 130km of the epicentre of an earthquake measuring nine on the Richter scale. Tsunami waves 14 metre high hit the plant, disabling the emergency diesel generators, they said, adding , \"Unlike in the case of Fukushima, there is no possibility of a tsunami and an earthquake occurring together at Kudankulam.\" India's power scenario, coupled with the low nuclear power output despite vast scope and negligible accident record, too spurred the bench to give a go-ahead for the Kudankulam plant. Justice Jyothimani, writing the judgment , said that out of 529 atomic power plants in the world, only 20 are in India, which is at 15th position in nuclear power generation. Just 4.8GW, constituting a mere 2.6% of the installed electric capacity, was nuclear energy. India, which has 182GW installed electric capacity , would need to have 600GW to attain the present world average electricity utilization, he said. Citing reports , he said, \"The reactors were the matter of necessity for economic and social development of the country.\" The fact that the Kudankulam plant has the third-generation advanced Pressurized Water Reactors too won the case for the Centre. The agencies said Units I and II at Kudankulam belonged to the highest safety category in the world. The environmental impact of the project was assessed by NEERI, and judges said the report on the plant was a 'thorough study' on air, noise, water, land, biological and socioeconomic environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092790", "title": "Kapil Sibal to visit Central University of Rajasthan, Malaviya National Institute of Technology today", "text": "JAIPUR: Union Minister for Human Resources Development Kapil Sibal will be on a day-long visit to Rajasthan on Saturday. Sibal will be attending two programmes \u2014 first, the convocation at Central University of Rajasthan at Bandarsindri followed by golden jubilee celebrations at Malaviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT).He will be chief guest at both the events. Anuradha Mittal, Central University spokesperson, said Sibal will arrive at 10 am from Jaipur by road. He will address the students and award degrees to students. He will inaugurate the new hostel building. This is Sibal's second visit to Bandarsindri. He had come here earlier to lay the foundation stone of the campus in 2011. After lunch his convoy will head towards MNIT for celebrations. Kanupriya Sachdev, MNIT teacher said the minister is expected to arrive at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16106584", "title": "Having attractive cellphone number in vogue", "text": "KANPUR: The demand for mobile phone numbers that are also easy to remember has picked up in the city. Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) had recently made available 94 series of SIM numbers in the city. This was done to meet the demand of the customers. Currently BSNL numbers starting from 8 or 7 are available.For many, keeping a cellphone is enough for maintaining touch with peers. But for several others, keeping a VIP phone number is a status symbol. Various private mobile service providers claim there has been an upswing in the tele-density in last one year and the youth are taking keen interest in buying premium mobile numbers. The officials of telecom companies claim that youth even pick the premium numbers through the auctions.Vaibhav, a businessman said: \"I had to shell out Rs 5,000 to my mobile service provider to have a VIP number two years back but I am happy to have such a premium number which is different from the other numbers as it has 77777 at end.\"Prabhat, a student is a proud owner of a VIP number. His number ends with five nines (99999).Talking about the craze of the people to have VIP numbers, an official of a private mobile company said: \"There has always been a craze for VIP mobile phone numbers but in the recent past it has been observed that the youth are turning up in large numbers to purchase a premium number. According to the company policies, the VIP numbers are sold at a premium. The numbers which are more in demand are in series like 555, 777, 111, 000, 786, 007, 8888 and so on. Such numbers are also called golden numbers.\"Fancy mobile numbers like 484848, 141516, 070809 are also in demand.\"The VIP mobile numbers are mainly picked by the younger lot and such numbers have become a fad to flaunt status symbol. We meet the demands of our subscribers and provide such numbers. Mobile service providers auction a particular VIP number,\" he added.Official of another telecom company said that VIP numbers are sold at a premium always. Nominal rates are also charged. \"It is only when a customer asks for a premium number we offer them. A particular number is auctioned mainly under the postpaid category. The mobile number with its last three digits as 786 has always been in much demand for which Rs 1,000 is charged from a customer,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16102392", "title": "Nesara Foundation bats for \u2018good food\u2019 Kevin Mendonsa", "text": "MYSORE: The growing health consciousness among Mysoreans has led to an increase in demand for organic foods. Nesara Organic Service Foundation has been promoting awareness organic food ever since its inception near Ballal Circle here in 1997.In Nesara, one can find everything organic -- from salt to sugar to vegetable and fruits - totalling over 400 products. Some like-minded people joined hands to promote organic products besides encouraging farmers to grow organic products. Presently, it has around 230 members, including farmers and consumers.Speaking on the motto behind creating organic revolution in the city, A P Chandrasekhar, one of the founder-members, said that they have realized that many diseases are caused due to bad food involving toxic substances. \"Our elders lived for long because they consumed organic food,\" he adds.Nesara organization secretary Hari claimed that their products are free of chemicals too - be it vegetable, chilli powder, fruits or soaps. The shop has home- and hand-made products, and those from goshala (products from cow), vanaspati, perfumes, dry fruits, medicines and farm-fresh products. They are all certified by an internal team for genuineness. Popular products include powder jaggery, fresh fruits and juices, vegetables, honey and pure oils. Their prices are little higher than those in the market because of the production cost.Nesara conducts Ahara and fruit mela once a year besides providing health tips to those visiting the shop. It also plans a campaign on \"health food millet which is rich in iron and controls sugar and fat\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16118959", "title": "Ranbir, Dhoni together in a commerical", "text": "After celebrating the unorthodox and immensely popular face of modern cricket last year;Pepsi is all set to change the way the sport is viewed by millions of cricket crazy fans in India.Being one of the global sponsors of theICC World Twenty20 2012 Sri Lanka , Pepsi with its latest campaign aims to celebrate the nation's zeal for the sport and more so the format. The new commercial for the biggest Twenty20 cricket extravaganza brings Bollywood superstar,Ranbir Kapoor and skipper, Mahendra Singh Dhoni together on-screen for the very first time. The campaign revolves around the passionate spirit of the young Indian Twenty20 cricket fans who enjoy watching the exciting format with the same irrepressible &amp; unorthodox fervour reflected in the cricketers' game on-field. A cricket fan himself, Ranbir shows the cricketers, including Dhoni, Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina the Na Tameez the irreverent &amp; zany side of T20 fans.From the pure technical form of the game, cricket today has become entertaining, glamourous &amp; action packed... and the T20 fans today are not just cricket fans, they are 'action fans' lapping up this high-adrenaline, roller-coaster format. From unorthodox shots to bizarre field placing, Twenty20 is not played by the rules ; it's a no holds barred form of the game... and when it comes to the action-loving fans it's a no-holds barred form of watching &amp; celebrating the game. After all, Yeh T20 hai boss... na tameez se khela jaata hai... na tameez se dekha jaata hai!Ranbir Kapoor said, \"Cricket as a sport has evolved over the years and the T20 format is a testimony of that - its short, exciting and more over it's changed the entertainment quotient associated with the sport. The latest Pepsi campaign reiterates that and brings forth the nation's love for the sport in a refreshing twist. I am really excited about the ad film as it gave me an opportunity to work with one of the most celebrated captains of the Indian Cricket team, MS Dhoni for the first time.\"Adding further, Indian skipper,MS Dhoni said, \"Fast paced and thrilling in its format, Twenty20 Cricket has changed the game on-field. Last year with Pepsi, we celebrated the new and innovative sporting moves and this year we take forward the concept to its fans. Just like we enjoy playing the sport and forget about everything else, fans too love the exciting format and watch it with complete fanaticism. It was a great experience shooting the commercial with Ranbir Kapoor, our celebrated cricketers and more importantly the fans of the sport.\"The ad film opens with the shot of a bus taking the cricketers breaking down in a busy neighbourhood. Suddenly, Ranbir Kapoor appears from top of the bus and starts interacting with the cricketers. They are taken by surprise when other fans in the area also join Ranbir to demonstrate their fun response to the cricketers' playing format and some of their favourite shots. Witnessing the absolute craziness of the fans around,Dhoni finally asks Ranbir - \" Yaar yeh kya tameez hai? \" to which the young actor responds in a quirky manner,' Yeh T20 hai boss, na tameez se khela jaata hai and then he's joined by the fans who say,' Na tameez se dekha jaata hai' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16101320", "title": "Kudankulam clears Madras high court hurdle, may start generation this month", "text": "CHENNAI: Clearing the decks for the commissioning of the much-delayed Kudankulam nuclear power plant, the Madras high court on Friday gave its green signal saying there was no infirmity or illegality in its plan and execution. A division bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy, dismissing all the petitions that sought either abandonment of the project or postponement of its commissioning, said: \"Interference by the court in policy decisions, which are for the benefit of the public, is against the public interest.\" The batch of PILs, filed by individuals as well as organizations, sought public hearings, a fresh and transparent review of the project and postponement of the plant's commissioning till all the mandatory safety measures are put in place. Following the verdict, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India said it is planning to operationalise the plant in September but did not give a specific date. However, People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), which is spearheading the agitation against the plant, has decided to approach the Supreme Court. Expressing disappointment over the verdict, PMANE coordinator S P Udayakumar said, \"We will continue our fight for justice.'' Underlining the protective and welfare role of the state and central governments and their agencies, Justice Jyothimani, who wrote the 281-page judgment for the bench, said: \"When it comes to technical aspects of the project, we have to reiterate that when a major study has been done, as seen in the voluminous reports of various authorities like the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) and the Union ministry of environment and forests, it is not known as to how this court can substitute its own view. For, this court is neither an expert nor competent to make a scientific study or recommendation. Prima facie, we are satisfied that the adequate safety measures have been taken.\" The bench relied on the submissions of the then additional solicitor general of South India M Ravindran, who said the Kudankulam plant was very different and more advanced than the Fukushima plant, and additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran, who said location, geology, foundation conditions, meteorology, military installations, etc have been studied well before Kudankulam was chosen for the project. While AERB's R Suresh Kumar said all requirements would be complied with before loading fuel in the reactor, Tamil Nadu's special government pleader I S Inbadurai listed the welfare schemes undertaken at an outlay of Rs 500 crore. The judges, pointing out that the public apprehension flowing from nuclear accidents of Chernobyl and Fukushima had been dispelled by experts, said: \"In a project of this nature, there is certainly a public fear involved. Simply because there is a remote possibility of an event happening, it does not mean that the very project becomes useless.\" Rejecting pleas for fresh public hearings, the bench wondered, \"We do not understand as to what purpose the public hearing will serve in respect of an existing project.\" The project has taken a major shape and enormous amount had been spent from the exchequer, they said. The judges also rejected a petitioner's claim that the nuclear agreement between India and the erstwhile USSR signed in 1988 was substantially different from the new agreement between India and Russia in 1998, warranting fresh approval process. \"We have no hesitation to hold that there is no change in the agreement and it cannot be said that the project started as per the agreement dated November 20, 1988 should be treated as abandoned and the project should be treated as a new project as per a subsequent agreement dated June 21, 1998.\" Pointing out that there was no possibility of a tsunami and an earthquake occurring together at Kudankulam, as happened in Fukushima, the judges said, \"There is no violation of the environmental safeguards.\" They further said that safety and other aspects of the plant were being monitored continuously by authorities like AERB, the Government of India and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB), and that as and when required, the authorities could always give suitable directions to maintain ecological balance. Appreciating the Rs 500 crore welfare schemes launched by the state government for the locals, the judges said the government should establish a multi-specialty hospital with all facilities, besides schools with CBSE and state board syllabus. The government must also provide adequate infrastructure facilities to enable the local fishermen have mechanized boats and cold storage facilities, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16122308", "title": "Mangalore Special Economic Zone should respond to RTI", "text": "MANGALORE: The State high court Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar has dismissed plea of Mangalore Special Economic Zone (MSEZ) Limited upholding the Karnataka Information Commission's (KIC) view that it was a public authority and hence bound to furnish information under Right to Information Act (RTI).MSEZ approached the High Court after the KIC instructed the former to furnish information under RTI stating it was a public authority. MSEZ claimed that it does not come within the purview of the RTI act as it was not a public authority defined under Section 2(h) of RTI Act of 2005.The high court examined the point whether MSEZ was a public authority or not in detail. It ruled in its judgment dated August 14 that as about 50% of the holding of MSEZ is from government organization like Oil and Natural Gas Corporation limited, Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board, ONGC-Mangalore Petrochemicals Limited. The number of shares held by these three organizations is about 49.96%. ONGC though incorporated under Companies Act, the same is owned by Government of India. KIADB is also a State Government organization. Since 49.96% of MSEZ is by governmental organizations, the judge said it was his considered opinion that MSEZ can be classified as a public authority. The judge stated that as it was a public authority, MSEZ was bound to furnish the information sought for by the public.Two years back, H Sundar Rao from BC Road had sought some information from MSEZ under RTI and when it refused, Rao approached the KIC. The KIC ordered MSEZ to furnish the information as it was a public authority.Meanwhile, MSEZ authorities refused to comment on the judgement saying that they were in the process of studying the order in detail and would decide on the future coures of action depending on the contents of the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100055", "title": "It\u2019s not a bird flu outbreak: Experts", "text": "KOLKATA: Poultry deaths in North 24-Parganas might not have resulted from bird flu, believe animal husbandry officials and a section of experts. Even though samples are yet to be sent to the High Security Animal Diseases Laboratory in Bhopal for testing, the symptoms observed so far are closer to Ranikhet disease than H5N1 or the bird flu virus, they said.All precautions, though, have already been taken to ensure that chickens from the affected areas don't reach either Kolkata or any of the other districts, according to the animal husbandry department. It has already resulted in a marginal price rise of chicken in the city.\"We have sent the samples for analysis. As of now, it doesn't seem to be bird flu for it's rare at this time of the year. The symptoms are more like Ranikhet disease. Also, had it been bird flu, it wouldn't have been restricted to just the organized poultries. The backyard farms would have also been affected,\" said an animal husbandry official.Meanwhile, the ban on chickens from North 24-Paragans, which supply around 60% of Kolkata's chicken, has led to a spurt in price. The cost of a kg has gone up from Rs 88 last week to around Rs 92 now. Midnapore, Birbhum and Howrah are now catering to the Kolkata market. \"We have instructed poultries in North 24-Paraganas not to supply to Kolkata. Supply won't be affected in Kolkata for the other districts are now providing more. But this could lead to a scarcity in the districts,\" said Avijit Kanjilal of the West Bengal Poultry Federation.The federation has already taken steps to check the spread of the virus. \"Initial signs suggest that this is not a flu outbreak. But we are taking no chances. Disinfectants have already been sent to farms in every south Bengal district. The affected poultries in North 24-Parganas have been shut down. We shall distribute more disinfectants over the next few days,\" added Kanjilal.Microbiologists said the outbreak was less likely to be bird flu. \"First, it's unlikely at this time of the year. More importantly, had it been H5N1, it would have spread by now. It could be some other virus like the Ranikhet disease. But we can't be sure unless the samples are checked,\" said a microbiologist at the West Bengal University of Animal and Fisheries Sciences.Nurul Haq, secretary of the animal resoucres development ministry, said that local tests had confirmed that it wasn't bird flu. \"It could be either Ranikhet disease or some other virus. We have sent the samples to Bhopal and shall wait for the report,\" Haq said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16098455", "title": "Teachers' job test cancelled after question paper leaked", "text": "RANCHI: The biology paper of the trained graduate teachers' recruitment examination held on Wednesday was cancelled by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) on Friday.The rumour that the biology question paper got leaked along with five questions of general science in Dumka on the day of the examination was confirmed on Friday, and as a result JAC decided to cancel the paper.JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said, \"The biology paper has been cancelled and the examination for the subject will be taken with the special examination to be held for the applicants who appeared in the high school teachers' recruitment examination conducted by JPSC in 2010.\" Adding further she said, \"All the examinees will be awarded five marks each for the five questions of general science that were leaked.\" A three-member committee has been constituted by JAC to probe the matter. Singh said, \"The committee will include two joint secretaries of JAC named Arvind Kumar Jha and Shiv Charan Marandi and a police officer of Dumka. The committee will submit the report to JAC within 15 days explaining how the paper was leaked.\"The applicants and the student leaders are demanding cancellation of the whole examination. Student leader Manoj Kumar said, \"Papers of all subjects were leaked. We want the examination cancelled and a re-examination for all the subjects as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16103286", "title": "First strike on ganglords with witness shield", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police have had several successes in the past of trapping and arresting top gangsters like Ashwin Naik, Riyaz Siddiqui and Tarique Parveen in the past, but have not been able to nail them down in a single case.In fact, Arun Gawli had 49 cases against him since the 80s and he's been convicted in only one. How did it happen?Crime branch chief Himanshu Roy attributes it to a witness protection effort, the first for the cops. \"We did a covert protection programme for the witnesses in this case. This helped us a lot during the trial. The statements of the witnesses were sometimes in open court as well, but the police provided them complete protection,\" Roy told TOI.Besides, there was due diligence in a bid to make a watertight case. \"Since Gawli was arrested, the police have been very careful. We wanted to secure conviction in this case,\" said a police officer.Earlier, in most of the cases related to the underworld or the organized crime syndicates, an accused would be acquitted because of lack of evidence or witnesses turning hostile. The police have been pressing for an official witness protection programme , but the state government is yet to take a decision on it, the officer said. Take the example of Iqbal Kaskar, younger brother of Dawood Ibrahim. He was deported from the UAE in 2003 and was tried for a murder and the illegal construction of the Sara-Sahara shopping complex at Crawford market. Kaskar was acquitted in both the cases \u2014 witnesses turning hostile in the murder case and lack of evidence in the other.Likewise, Riyaz Siddiqui, a D gang member, suspected to be involved in a Bandra double murder case, was acquitted.Gangster Ashwin Naik was acquitted in January 2009 by a special MCOCA court of charges of murdering his wife, Neeta Naik, for lack of evidence. Neeta, a BMC corporator, was gunned down outside her house on November 13, 2003, allegedly at the behest of Naik who was lodged in Delhi's Tihar Jail.Records show that of 23 suspected gangsters that police have laid their hands on \u2014 22 were deported to India and one extradited \u2014 th e cops have so far secured convictions against only four and that too in a single case. They are Mustafa Dossa, Ejaz Pathan, Tariq Parveen and Anil Parab. Nine of the 23 were acquitted of all charges.In the past, the police have had to drop charges against Arif Aboobakar, the brother-in-law of Chhota Shakeel, in all extortion cases due to lack of evidence and witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16097686", "title": "Rajkot Municipal Corporation chief leads drive to check water pilferage", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) commissioner Ajay Bhadoo was out on the streets on Friday to check pilferage of water and ensure an effective supply in the city. The town has been witnessing water thefts and direct pumping from the pipelines by the people.Officials said Bhadoo detected 20 cases of illegal withdrawal of water from pipelines. In some cases the water was being pumped with the help of electric motors. Out of these 20 cases, six were of direct pumping from RMC's main feeder line. Officials said all the illegal water connections that Bhadoo came across were disconnected and one electric motor was seized by him.Recently, RMC formed 50 teams comprising engineers and technical staff for effective monitoring of water distribution in the city. The teams have been given the task of checking both the quantity and quality of drinking water being supplied in different parts of the city. They have also been asked to identify illegal water connections.On Friday, a total of 52 cases where people were indulging in water theft were found in the city by different teams constituted by RMC. A total of 32 electric motors were seized by officials under the drive.Officials said the drive aims at maintaining an equal water distribution in the city. The teams are also checking other aspects of the water supply system like leakages at valve chambers and wastage of water at various places apart from the illegal water connections and direct pumping by electric motors.With water scarcity having set in the region, RMC has already imposed water cuts and is now supplying water for 20 minutes every alternate day in the city. With the local water supply sources drying up fast, RMC is now largely dependent on Narmada waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16090018", "title": "Unmukt Chand has his way as DU relents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Caught on the wrong foot in the wake of huge public uproar, Delhi University has decided to allow U-19 World Cup-winning captain Unmukt Chand to continue his course at St Stephen's College.The college, which had earlier cited Unmukt's poor attendance as reason for barring him from taking his BA Programme first-year examination, will now let Chand sit for his second-year classes instead. He will, however, have to clear his pending first-year examination in the third and fourth semesters.Citing it as the \"rarest of rare cases\", DU vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh said on Friday that the university had always had a \"liberal\" attitude and Unmukt should have approached him instead of taking legal recourse.He added that it was because of Unmukt's \"outstanding achievement\" that this exemption was being granted. \"Unmukt Chand is being allowed to move to the second year of study and allowed to attempt to clear his exams during the course of third and fourth semesters for the backlog of the first two semesters,\" said Singh.On the decision of allowing Chand to sit for his second-year classes, Singh said: \"The university takes note of the matter of its student of BA Programme at St Stephen's College, Unmukt Chand, who has distinguished himself and brought laurels to the nation through his exploits in the field of cricket.\"Chand had failed in his first-year exams and had not been allowed initially to sit for the second semester exams as he had only eight per cent attendance. Unmukt had moved the Delhi High Court in May this year after the college refused to give him admit card for the exams. Following the court's directive he managed to take only two of the four papers. But the college informed the High Court on August 16 that he had failed and could not be promoted.\"Chand may have approached some officials informally, but it is tough to keep track among thousands of applications. The college could have done much more and referred it to the vice chancellor,\" said DU registrar Alka Sharma.Stating that the university is committed to supporting sports persons, Singh said: \"We recognize that a sport is as much an experience in education as sitting in a classroom is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094548", "title": "Helmet rule delayed for now", "text": "PANAJI: The enforcement of compulsory helmets for two-wheeler riders as well as for those riding pillion on all roads in Goa seems to have been put off for another 15 days.Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, who on August 17 told TOI that the government would make helmets compulsory for riders and pillion riders on all roads including village roads within 15 days, on Friday said that he is waiting for another 15 days for feedback from fellow MLAs and other citizens. \"We are waiting till September 15 or till Ganesh Chaturthi. Then we will implement the helmet rule,\" Dhavalikar told TOI on Friday.Not only is the transport minister bent on enforcing the helmet rule for pillion riders on two-wheelers, he also wants to enforce it even on village roads. Presently, helmets are compulsory only on highways. \"It is a rule already existing in the central Motor Vehicle Act. Also, there are directions from the Supreme Court to enforce it,\" Dhavalikar said.The transport minister had written letters to MLAs, ZP members, and NGOs soliciting their support to enforce the decision. He had asked them to respond with their views \"within next 15 days so as to take a holistic view on the issue\".But as of Friday, only five people had responded in support. These include opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane, cabinet colleague and civil supplies minister Dayanand Mandrekar and the transport minister's brother Deepak Dhavalikar. \"We are enforcing the rule. The fact that nobody has written back means they all want it,\" Dhavalikar said.The transport minister had cited some grim statistics in his letter - every year approximately 300 lives are lost on the Goan roads due to road accidents; majority of the victims are two-wheeler riders and pillion riders; in a survey of last ten years, it has been found that two wheelers contribute to 26% of road accidents in Goa and that two wheeler accidents account for 36% of road accident deaths.Dhavalikar also stated in the letter thus: \"This is definitely a serious issue and you will agree with me that it is a matter of concern for every Goan. As a first step towards road safety, I would like to invoke the provisions of Section 129 of central Motor Vehicle Act 1988 which states that 'every person driving or riding a motorcycle of any class or description shall, while in a public place wear protective head gear of such description as may be specified by the state government'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16104588", "title": "Ayurveda gaining popularity in state", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ayurvedic therapies are slowly gaining popularity in the state as people are finding them effective in treating various ailments ranging from slip disc to cancer.Sri Sri Ayurveda Panchakarma Centre of the Art of Living Foundation in the city is trying to popularise such therapies. The centre offers treatment for joint pain, arthritis , spondylitis, sciatica, paralysis, insomnia, diabetes , sinusitis, migraine and respiratory ailments with different panchakarma therapies. To name a few, shirodhara is for anxiety and shirobasti is meant to arrest hair fall.Savita Bhutani, the administrator of the centre, said, \"The treatment and therapies offered by us are authentic. Unlike other ayurvedic centres mushrooming everywhere, we follow the original panchakarma ways of treating ailments as prescribed in the Vedas and Samhitas.\" She added that research on diseases like cancer is also on. For working professionals, there are special treatments for anxiety, hypertension and insomnia which are quite common these days.\"The main problem with people today is their diet as foodstuff is laced with pesticides nowadays. Even their eating habits are not right for which most of the problems arise. Proper diet can solve half of the problems,\" she said.Sangeeta Dhar, an ayurvedic practitioner at the centre, said there is special treatment for eye ailments and infertility. Regarding treatment of cancer, the stress is more on reducing the pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104340", "title": "CM bats for education to check female feticide", "text": "PATNA: \"The state government has always been trying to ensure women's literacy,\" said chief minister Nitish Kumar while presiding over a meeting with the Mission Manav Vikas (human development) officials on Friday. He said the Mission should be completed within next five years.He said according to the 2001 census, the male-female ratio in Bihar was 1000:919. The ratio has decreased in the 2011 census report at 1000:916. \"The state government is concerned over the increasing difference in male-female ratio. None other than an educated girl can prevent female foeticide,\" said CM. He said the state government has taken up several projects to ensure women's empowerment in state.Ravikant, principal secretary, cabinet coordination, said, \"A monitoring committee in this regard was constituted in September, 2011 and the first meeting was held in November, 2011.\" He added during the state-level meeting it was decided that the projects would be earmarked on priority basis.Vijoy Prakash, principal secretary, planning and development department, presented the department's detailed report drafted by the monitoring committee at the Mission Manav Vikas meeting..The CM directed that all the monitoring committees would hold a state-level meeting after every three months. The departments concerned would make their projects and finalize priorities to discuss at such meetings so that the plans could be executed at the earliest. He also asked the departments to hold a secretary-level meeting once in every two months and an interdepartmental meeting every month. He said the monitoring committee should also be vigilant to check whether the targeted sections were getting the benefits.Prakash said, \"The department has already set the indicators of important projects and the final report will be submitted to the chief minister so that the projects could be submitted at the earliest.\" He added that there were a few new indicators, like child mortality rate, population control and other health issues to be highlighted.He said the department was working on providing public toilets and fluoride and arsenic-free drinking water to every village. \"Primary education, playgrounds and school dropout cases along with other issues will also be monitored strictly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16088984", "title": "Ind vs NZ: Ross Taylor turns the tide against India on Day 1 of second Test", "text": "BANGALORE: The rains stayed away until the end, but the runs that had dried up for New Zealand began to flow again on Day One of the second Test. The Kiwi resurgence was led by skipper Ross Taylor, who struck a brutal 113 from 127 deliveries.Scorecard | Match in PicsOn Thursday, Taylor had talked of being brave and courageous and on a cloudy day, with the floodlights on for the most part, he sparkled and walked the talk. As NZ opted to bat first, his knock allowed the side to end the curtailed day - 8.3 overs were lost to bad light and rain - on 328/6.Also, it wasn't a one-man show where only Taylor dominated with his 16 boundaries and two sixes in a 177-minute thrashing of the Indian attack.Before and after, New Zealand thrived through opener Martin Guptill (53; 79b, 8x4) and later through the unseparated seventh-wicket pair of Kruger Wan Wyk (batting on 63; 85b, 9x4) and Doug Bracewell (batting on 30; 61b, 9x4).Bracewell survived the axe that fell on Chris Martin, who was replaced by Tim Southee.Till Taylor happened, though, the script again seemed tilted towards a day of Indian domination. Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni opened the bowling with Pragyan Ojha, making it the first time that an Indian spinner has bowled the first ball of a Test.And when the final ball of Ojha's second over bounced and turned enough to shock Guptill into edging past a diving Sehwag for New Zealand's first runs, everyone thought the Kiwis would lose the spin battle again.It was pace, though, in the form of a Zaheer Khan special that got the hosts their first wicket as Brendon McCullum was trapped in front for a duck. Ojha then had a comfortable-looking Kane Williamson leg-before as the batsman played for the turn that wasn't.Then the Kiwi domination started, with Taylor in full flight. Favouring the slog sweep as is his wont and unafraid to loft the ball through and over cover, he simply waded into the bowling.Had Guptill not thrown it away, playing a poor shot to be easily caught at midwicket off Ojha, the 63-run association could have been the highlight of the day. Instead it was the Taylor-Daniel Fynn fourth-wicket stand that took centrestage, Taylor, of course, dominated by making 70-odd runs as the left-handed Flynn contributed a good 33.Those who live by the sword tend to perish by it though and so it was with Taylor and Flynn who both fell attempting the slog sweep once too often. The Kiwi skipper fell to Ojha and Flynn to offie R Ashwin for his only success.In his time at the crease, Taylor, who took a particular liking to Ojha and pacer Umesh Yadav - easily the poorest bowler on the day - did enough and more to entertain his fans in Bangalore.The 4,000-odd people seated in the Chinnaswamy Stadium's gallery stand near the midwicket area - Taylor's favourite zone - even gave him a standing ovation when he completed his century, one which he celebrated with a six over extra cover off Ojha.The Kiwis do have their task cut out as yet for the pitch is playing nice and true as indicated by the batsmen from Guptill to Van Wyk, who got his maiden Test fifty on the day, even driving on the up. They need to make in the region of 450 to 500 to put the pressure on the Indians.Saturday's play will start at 9 am in an attempt to make up for lost time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16130799", "title": "Rape victim admitted to school but no action against panchayat", "text": "LUCKNOW: The minor dalit rape victim, who was denied admission by a village school on a panchayat order in Hafizabad Beharipur village of Bijnor district, Uttar Pradesh (UP), was finally granted admission following intervention by the district authorities.The district administration reacted following furore over the incident. The administration also ordered suspension of the accused school headmaster Khalid Husaain. The girl was admitted after Sub Divisional Magistrate (SDM) Prakash Gupta took up the matter with the Basic Education Officer.The matter came to light on Friday when Khalid Husaain, headmaster of the junior high school in the village, informed district administration that the villagers threatened to withdraw their children from the institution if the girl was granted admission. The villagers had held a panchayat on Thursday in which it was unanimously decided that the girl's admission to the school would vitiate the atmosphere and their wards would be adversely affected in her company. The headmaster of the Junior High School was also issued a written warning by the panchayat.On August 27, a woman was allegedly stripped and beaten up by members of a khap panchayat on charges of helping a couple to elope in Madhi village. The victim in her complaint has claimed that four men in inebriated state first assaulted her with a baton after stripping her and later called her in the panchayat meeting and blackened her face and misbehaved with her. The woman's son who tried to intervene and protect his mother was also beaten up.The khap panchayats of west UP are known for their Taliban like diktats, particularly against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16128719", "title": "Now, device to help doctors see hard to reach body parts", "text": "LONDON: A fibre-optics device as thin as human hair, which could allow doctors to see inside the hardest to reach and delicate human body parts has been developed by scientists, including an Indian-origin professor.Scientists at the University of St Andrews, led by Dr Tomas Cizmar and Indian-origin professor Kishan Dholakia developed a technique which for the first time allowed the transmission of accurate images along a single strand of fibre optic cable.Until now, attempts to use such narrow fibres to transmit images had always resulted in scrambled signals. Cizmar and Dholakia however have found a way to decode the scrambled light to construct a clear and true picture, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Creating minute medical devices was once the realm of science fiction such as in the 1987 film 'Innerspace'Their breakthrough holds out the hope of the development of new, inexpensive and minimally invasive imaging devices and scopes which can 'see' in hard to reach places. It could be of particular benefit in neuroscience and other branches of medicine and science where the area under study is either delicate or very difficult to reach.Fibres that can support multiple modes of light normally scatter light and produce random, unpredictable patterns at their output. Ordinarily this is a problem for imaging, as the image is distorted as it travels, and is lost on transmission.However, scientists discovered that if the randomisation of light within the fibre can be characterised, the way the images are scrambled can be predicted. In turn, the output light can be modulated to reverse the randomisation and reveal the original image.By careful modulation of the input imaging light field, they were also able to select the depth of focus of the system, circumventing the need for focussing optics and allowing for a dynamic, real-time adjustment of the imaging system.\"Holographic control of randomized light signals is a young but very progressive discipline. It is only a few years since the first experiments but we have already witnessed a number of immensely promising achievements some of them originating in St Andrews,\" Cizmar said.\"Our new contribution represents a further extension of this branch to the Bio-medical community and we are looking forward to see what a further advancement of these techniques may bring in the future. It is a very exciting time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102814", "title": "Govt picks Aadesh Pal as GU's vice-chancellor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has appointed Aadesh Pal, 49, professor and head of the department of the English department at the Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University, as the new vice-chancellor (V-C) of the Gujarat University. The post was vacant since the term of Parimal Trivedi ended in June.The search committee for Gujarat University's V-C had recommended names of three probable candidates which were sent to the state government for approval on Thursday. Since Trivedi's retirement, the search panel had met thrice as more than 55 candidates had applied for the post.The candidates shortlisted by the committee were Kailash Sodani, Aadesh Pal and Anamik Shah. GU officials said that Dr Sodani is currently based in Udaipur and works in the Udaipur University. Shah is a professor in the department of Chemistry in Saurashtra University.The selection of Pal has broken a trend that had dominated GU for many years now. \"Till date, GU had V-Cs who were linked to colleges affiliated to the university. Pal belongs to the Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University and was not connected to GU in any manner. Before Pal, the other 'outsider V-C' was Naresh Ved from SP University in Vallabh Vidyanagar. Ved was appointed in 1999 and remained with GU till 2002,\" said a GU official.Pal was recently appointed in the university's syndicate following a court order. Pal is reported to be close to national BJP politicians. His areas of specialization are cultural theories, post-colonialism, Indian Nationalism and Diasporic Studies. He is also the coordinator of the Centre for Indian Diaspora and Cultural Studies.Pal has delivered lectures on the Indian Diaspora as a distinguished fellow in The University of Canberra Australia, and University of South Pacific in Fiji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16122174", "title": "FIR against woman impersonating as Samajwadi Party member", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR has been registered against a woman impersonating as executive member of ruling Samajwadi Party and making recommendations to the district authorities for getting various works done, police said here on Saturday.The FIR was registered by SP city unit president Mujeeb-ur-Rehman Babloo on Friday against one Deepa Bhatt, a resident of Jankipurm area here.According to the complaint, Bhatt was approaching the administrative authorities for favours posing as a member of the SP's national executive.The woman had also prepared her fake letter head, which claimed that she was a member of the national executive of SP and her official address was that of the SP office in New Delhi.A case has been lodged under section 419 (cheating by impersonation) and 468 (forgery for cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.Police said efforts are on to trace the woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095396", "title": "Setting up nursing homes in residential areas to get tough", "text": "LUCKNOW: Establishing a nursing home in residential areas of the state capital is all set to get tougher. The Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), on Friday, decided to place in stringent norms, including disallowing those constructed on the road having a width lesser than 12 metres.The board also decided not to allow construction of a nursing home within 30 metres from a crossing. The rule was incorporated considering traffic chaos that ensues because of erratic parking around these nursing homes.In a way, the existing nursing homes constructed over an area of less than 300 sq mts, within 30 mts from a crossing and situated over a road less than 12 mts we be deemed to be unauthorized.The decision comes almost a year after the former state government framed a policy that turned out to be lenient on the existing nursing homes while allowing them to come up over an area of 200 mts.LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that the board decided to balance it with the already existing policy on nursing homes.\"The policy in a way has been modified by placing in some stringent measures for setting up nursing homes,\" Dubey said.The previous policy was framed after the nursing home association of UP demanded the state government to put in place easy norms for them.Significantly, it would not be easy for the authority to rationalize and regularize the large number of existing nursing homes which at times flout the norms. Only those existing nursing homes, Dubey confirmed, will be regularized which full fill the by-laws.The V-C said that it was not only Lucknow, but other cities too which were facing a host of problems while nursing homes get established in the residential areas. It was only a week ago when Allahabad high court stayed the order of Noida authority to set up a nursing home scheme launched in one of the sector.The authority had initiated the scheme to rehabilitate the 50-odd nursing homes displaced by a Supreme Court order against commercial activity taking place from non-conforming areas of the city. On August 28, Noida nursing home and clinic owners want the authorities to allow mixed land use for their functioning in their present premises. Nursing homes and clinic owners on Friday wrote a letter to UP CM Akhilesh Yadav putting forth the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16093444", "title": "Discom official in anti-corruption bureau net for corruption", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Friday arrested the chief engineer of Rajasthan Vidhyut Vitaran Nigam Limited, Jaipur D C Gupta and his son Alok Gupta on charges of corruption. Alok was caught taking a bribe of Rs 40,000 from a contractor on behalf of his father in Kota following which both were arrested.Apart for unearthing properties worth crores, the ACB team recovered some cartridges from Alok's possession and said he would also be booked under Arms Act. Six plots, two houses, Rs 10 lakh cash and Rs 24 lakh in provident funds were recovered.Six plots, two houses, Rs 10 lakh cash and Rs 24 lakh in provident funds, eight bank accounts and a locker (which are yet to be checked) and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees were recovered after raids conducted at various places belonging to the chief engineer.D C Gupta was at Phagi for supervision of ongoing grid sub station (GSS) work which is to be inaugurated by Union power minister Veerappa Moily on Saturday. He was taken into custody by those policemen who were on security duty ahead of the minister's visit at Phagi. Gupta was to retire in December, 2010. However, he was given an extension twice despite several complaints of corruption against him, sources said.According to IG, ACB Umesh Mishra, the complainant, Jagdish Biyani is a resident of Kota and works as a private contractor for Rajasthan Vidhyut Prasaran Nigam Limited.\"Jagdish Biyani had carried out some work for the department and had bills of Rs 8 lakh pending that were to be paid after the chief engineer D C Gupta's approval. He was running from pillar to post to get the bills approved, but Gupta demanded a bribe of Rs 50,000. The bribe money was later reduced to Rs 40,000 after negotiation,\" said Mishra.The ACB verified the complaint lodged by Biyani and found it to be true. \"So we laid a trap. However, DC Gupta asked Biyani to hand over the bribe money to his son Alok in Kota,\" said the officer.A trap team led by Add SP, ACB Pushpendra Singh accompanied the complainant to the place where Biyani was give the bribe money. \"We caught Alok Gupta red-handed accepting Rs 40,000 and placed him under arrest under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Immediately after his arrest, Gupta who was at Phagi was also taken into custody by the policemen who were on security duty at grid sub station. An ACB team later went to Phagi and placed him under arrest,\" said the officer.An ACB team was also rushed to Gupta's house at RSCB Colony near Amrapali Cirlce in Vaishali Nagar.\"We have seized properties disproportionate to his known income. His bank accounts and lockers are yet to be opened,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099401", "title": "Probe agencies send reports on coalgate scam", "text": "RANCHI: The income tax (I-T) department and state office of the CBI have sent reports to their headquarters on the recommendations of chief minister Arjun Munda for allotment of coal blocks to private companies.The state is allegedly under the glare of the Centre in the Rs 1.86 lakh crore coal scam primarily because it is ruled by the BJP-led coalition and total 42 mines were allotted to private companies in the past one decade. Sources in the I-T department said during preliminary investigation it was found that some companies got the coal block allotments for use in Jharkhand but they had sent the coal to the plants outside the state. The companies include Electrosteel Casting Limited (ECL), Jaiswal Neco and Deco among others. The focus of the investigating agencies is, however, on Electrosteel which got the allotment of Parbatpur central coal block in 2005, during the second tenure of chief minister Arjun Munda, but the company is using the coal at its plant in West Bengal.\"It is too early to jump to conclusion but like ECL many other companies have violated the rules. Prima facie, it appears that there has been a large-scale irregularity during the tenure of different chief ministers right from Babulal Marandi , Madhu Koda to Arjun Munda in making recommendations for private companies,\" said an official of the I-T department adding that this was the reason why Koda is in jail for more than two-and-a-half years. Officials in the state mining department confirmed the findings of the central investigating agencies that the ECL, which is coming up with an integrated steel plant of 3.1 million tonnes per annum capacity in Chandankyari area of Bokaro district, got the coal block for use in Jharkhand. \"The plant in Jharkhand has not become operational yet and the company is using the coal mined here in its plant in West Bengal ,\" said an official.ECL director R P Singh, however, said the company had not violated any norm. \"Our company has not violated any rule. We have got the coal block for captive use and are using at our plant in West Bengal,\" said Singh. Referring to query on government records showing Jharkhand as the state of end-use plant for the Parbatpur Central coal block allotted to the ECL, he said he was not aware of any such document. The CBI official declined to speak on the matter and said that every aspect of investigation in the scam was being done by the headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16107889", "title": "Zirakpur becoming a hotbed of gambling", "text": "MOHALI: Zirakpur, which is considered a gateway to the city and to Himachal and is in close proximity to both the railway station and the airport, is gradually becoming a safe haven for gamblers, who head for it from places as far as Amritsar, Jalandhar and even Delhi. The mushrooming of many low-budget hotels in Zirakpur is also providing a secure refuge for gamblers, who indulge in \"satta\" on cricket and football and are even involved in online betting. Three days ago, police had arrested ten high-profile gamblers from a Zirakpur hotel, Nest, and had recovered around a dozen mobile phones -- that were being used in conducting their 'business' -- and around Rs. 3.50 lakh from their possession. Earlier too, police had arrested gamblers from a Zirakpur hotel during the IPL season. \"Working on a tip-off, we laid a trap and arrested 10 persons on Sunday. They are from different towns of Punjab including Jalandhar, Amritsar and Patiala. They are all high-profile businessmen working in various fields including real-estate, besides agriculturists. Some even own petrol pumps. We recovered around Rs. 3.50 lakh cash from their possession,\" said Trilochan Singh, station house officer of Zirakpur, around 10km from Chandigarh. He added, \"Earlier also we have arrested many gamblers, who were indulging in betting on cricket and playing \"satta.\" Though it is a bailable offence, we are keeping a tab on the activities of the accused and have also put their phones under surveillance.\" A few weeks ago, Chandigarh police had busted an inter-state gang of gamblers, who were running this illegal business from Zirakpur. \"Gamblers from Delhi, Punjab and Haryana are using Zirakpur as a meeting point. They don't mind driving four to five hours to reach here. They remain in touch with each other through e-mails and then rent easily available hotel rooms here to run their activities,\" said a senior police official of Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088387", "title": "Maharashtra wary of Chhattisgarh", "text": "NAGPUR: Around a year ago at Bhopal, Maharashtra have made a clean sweep by winning all the four titles in the West Zone Badminton Championships. The reason was simple - they were the strongest and major opponent, Chhattisgarh, were a depleted lot.However, this has reversed now. Maharashtra are weakened by the absence of Sagar Chopda and Eshan Naqvi, while Chhattisgarh have emerged as the strongest team of the region with the likes of Shreyansh Jaiswal, Ventat Gaurav, Sanyam Shukla and Manish Gupta in their ranks.It will be interesting to see how Maharashtra tackle the talented Chhattisagarh squad in the two-day annual event which will get underway at Valsad on Saturday.Madhya Pradesh , Goa and hosts Gujarat are the other teams in the fray. Players from five states will battle for the honours in the senior (men's and women's) and junior (U-19 boys and girls) section.The Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) has decided to send Bhushan Akut as the coach of the side. The presence of former international star, who also happens to be a selector, will surely add value to the team.\"The selection of the teams have been done on merit and current form. We have a very balanced squad. I think we should be able to retain all our four titles. My duty will be to motivate the team to perform better. I hope I can share my knowledge with the youngsters,\" Akut told TOI from Valsad.Maharashtra had beaten Chhattisgarh 3-0 in the men's final at Bhopal to avenge their defeat at Goa, a couple of years ago. The women's team had blanked hosts MP 2-0 to retain the title.\"I heard this year, Chhattisgarh team is very good. They have a couple of players who have been doing quite well on the national circuit. Shreyansh Jaiswal is one of them. However, we have the depth and talent. Our doubles teams are formidable. We should be able to make clean sweep,\" said Akut.In the junior category, Maharashtra will face tough challenge from Gujarat and Chhattisagh. Last year, Maharashtra had trounced Gujarat in both boys and girls finals.For the first time in the history, three city girls - Rasika Raje, Swatika Butey and Vaishnavi Bhale - have been selected in the state junior team. Another city shuttler Sarang Lakhanee is the key member of the men's team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094804", "title": "BJP's 'panch parishad' on September 4", "text": "PANAJI: BJP's Panchayat Raj cell will hold a 'panch parishad' of its sarpanchas, deputy sarpanchas and zilla panchayat members on September 4. The theme of the parishad is 'Rural development and good governance'. The Goa panch parishad will be presided over by BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , North Goa MP Shripad Naik and former Union minister Bharat Gajipara, who is the national convenor of BJP's Panchayat Raj cell, will address the parishad.'Adolescon 2012' at Margao: The Indian academy of pediatrics, Goa state branch, will host the national conference 'Adolescon 2012' on September 1 and 2 at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. On September 2, between 4 and 5.30pm, there will be a scheduled interactive session open to parents and their wards between the age group of 10 to 19. For details contact Dr Arvind Almeida (Ph: 2715355 or 9822142459) or Dr Sushma Kirtani (Ph: 9822123198). Registration is free.Vem Cantar preliminaries: The Vem Cantar 2012 preliminaries for the group categories will be held on September 1 at the Maquinez Palace auditorium 1 and for the indiviual categories on September 2 at the Clube Harmonia, Margao. Both events will begin at 5pm and are open to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095699", "title": "CM complains of delay in power project", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a cue from his father, Uttar Pradesh chief minister shot off a couple of missives to prime minister Manmohan Singh on Friday demanding his immediate intervention in addressing the delay in execution of power projects in the state.In a terse letter to the PM, Akhilesh has said the delay in implementation of these projects had resulted in an escalation in cost of production of electricity. The CM also took up the issue of inordinate delays in the execution of power generation projects by Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) and the grant of coal linkage to the 660 MW proposed Harduaganj Extension Thermal Power Generation Project.In continuation of the demands voiced by UP's bureaucrats when they met PMO officials last month, the chief minister has once again, requested the PM to direct the Union ministry of heavy industries and coal to cooperate with UP and help the state in resolving the power crisis.In his letter to the prime minister, Akhilesh has specifically referred to BHEL's laxity in implementing two 500 MW projects at Harduaganj Extension and Parichha Extension, and one 1,000MW project at Anpara-D, which was to be made operational in July 2011, but continues to hang in balance. These projects, the CM has written, belong to state sector and were awarded to BHEL on the basis of a single offer.Apart from pending projects, the CM has also taken up the matter of prolonged delay in refurbishing and modernising five 200 MW units of Obra-B, one 100 MW Unit 7 of Obra and 110 MW Unit 7 of Harduaganj. Saying that repeated requests for augmentation in capacity and refurbishment of three units of Obra with 200 MW capacity should have been completed by BHEL in 2008, Akhilesh also referred to earlier meetings between the state government and the PMO, where the chief secretary and infrastructure and industrial development commissioner were promised that work in UP would be expedited.Expressing disappointment as a result of further delay in projects, Akhilesh has also said that UP has not seen much progress on this front.Akhilesh's list of power projects caught in various stages of government red tape emphasises that power situation in UP could improve within a month-by at least 750 MW, if two power projects at Parichha and Harduaganj could be completed soon by BHEL.In a separate letter to the Prime Minister, Akhilesh has also asked the PM to direct the Union ministry of coal to grant coal linkage to the 660 MW unit 1 of Harduaganj Extension Thermal Power Project, which is proposed to be developed under state sector and whose implementation has been delayed as a result of no coal linkage.The project has also been unable to get clearances from the department of environment. Referring to pending coal linkage to this project, for which UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd had applied to the coal ministry in September 2009, Akhilesh has written that though the matter was taken up with the coal ministry and Central Electricity Authority (CEA) on several occasions, no progress has been made in the matter, so far.Top government officials in UP said the letters from the chief minister were in continuation of UP's long-standing demand for assistance from the Centre.\"The chief minister took up this concern with the PM when he met him in April. Then again, it was discussed with officials of the PMO in July. Though we have pursued the matter continuously, the Centre has not given any approvals or cleared the path for meeting UP's power demands,\" a senior bureaucrat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099715", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation boosts primary healthcare in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a boost to primary healthcare in the city, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) dedicated the extended building of Brahmeswar Patna dispensary to the public on the occasion of local self-government day on Friday.BMC authorities said the corporation plans to offer round-the-clock services at all its dispensaries in the future by appointing more doctors compared to the ongoing eight hours outdoor service on working days. Currently, however, severe shortage of doctors mars the civic body's healthcare facilities in the city.The Brahmeswar Patna hospital attracts an average of 130 footfall everyday as the area doesn't have any other hospital. But the existing building was too small and dilapidated. \"The additional infrastructure will go a long way in meeting the primary healthcare need of the people of the locality,\" said housing and urban development minister Raghunath Mohanty after inaugurating the facility.BMC has spent Rs 35 lakh for adding the new buildings and integrating those with the existing one at Brahmeswar Patna. Around 30,000 people from Koradakanta, Basuaghai, Bankuala, Tankapani, Badagada, Ratnakar Bag, Rajarani Colony, BJB Nagar and Shiv Nagar, among other localities, depend on the hospital. \"Renovation of the hospital was a long-standing demand, which got fulfilled,\" said area corporator Malaya Kumar Mohapatra.Besides, a 106-bed tertiary care municipal hospital, BMC runs similar allopathic dispensaries at Kapilprasad, GGP Colony, Gadakana and Bharatpur. Besides, the civic body has 11 homeopathic dispensaries and one veterinary dispensary in the city. But severe shortage of doctors mars these facilities.The municipal hospital's only post of ENT surgeon lies unoccupied for around a year now. As a result, patients with ear, nose or throat ailments go elsewhere. Similarly, the hospital is without a pathologist and a radiologist for more than a year, severely affecting diagnostic services.The post of orthopaedic surgeon has bee lying vacant for the past two months paralyzing the municipal hospital's care for accident victims. Of the three posts each of paediatric specialists and general surgeons, one post each is vacant. The only post of psychiatrist is also vacant in the hospital making mental health care a no show. In the absence of a regular anesthesiologist, the hospital is depending on a contractual doctor. \"Anesthesiologists are integral part of any surgery. There should at least be two of them,\" said a doctor.\"Fourteen of the 41 regular posts in the municipal hospital and the allopathic dispensaries are vacant,\" said chief municipal medical officer Dr Dinabandhu Sahoo, adding BMC has engaged contractual staff against four posts.BMC authorities said more doctors will be recruited on contract to fill up the vacancies and run the dispensaries round the clock. \"We will take doctors on contract and ensure that dispensaries function 24X7. We will recruit three to four doctors per dispensary besides filling up the posts of specialists at municipal hospital,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena.BMC had decided to upgrade two allopathic dispensaries at Kapil Prasad and Gadakan in the public-private partnership (PPP) mode. The move did not materialize because the prospective private company got entangled in legal problems recently. BMC has proposed to improve infrastructure while the private company was supposed to provide doctors for round-the-clock operation of the dispensaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16101566", "title": "Holidays and technical snag hit LPG supply", "text": "KOCHI: Technical glitch in the LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) in Kochi coupled with Onam holidays has brought down the supply of cooking gas to homes across the city and some parts of the state.Though the IOC hired a generator to replace the one at the bottling plant at Udayamperoor, which developed technical snag on Monday, the supply was hit as the employees who load and unload LPG cylinders and drivers of tanker lorries went on leave to celebrate Onam. The supply from the Udayamperoor plant has been cut down significantly in the last three weeks.In the fortnight prior to Onam, the supply from the plant had come down to 60 truckloads a day in place of the normal 160 loads. By last Monday, the plant became totally defunct, and not even a single load was dispatched in the next two days. The supply from the LPG plant of Bharat Petroleum Company Limited (BPCL) in Kochi was also hit due to the holidays. \"The supply from our plant was affected in the last couple of days as the workers at the distribution end are on leave. We had intensified the supply during the few days prior to Onam,'' said Tharyan Peter of BPCL, Kochi.The companies expect that the supply would return to normalcy by the end of next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108514", "title": "Hooliganism puts stop to examination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Turning the examination system and student elections into a mockery, a group of student leaders forced cancellation of an examination creating an unpleasant scene in the department of physics on Friday. Putting university functioning to shame ahead of polls, students appearing in the subsidiary examination of BSc and MSc were forced to leave the examination hall as the question papers were torn-off by a group of \"outsiders\" and certain PU students. Breaching the Lyngdoh Committee guidelines, Panjab University Students Union (PUSU) leaders along with \"outsiders\" disrupted classes to protest the manner in which exams were conducted. In addition to this, certain re-appear exams, which were being conducted parallel in various classes for both BSc and MSc, were also disrupted. \"The exam has been cancelled following interference of supporters of a student group. The next exam will now be conducted on Monday amid security and the dates of Friday's rescheduled exam will be announced soon,\" said C S Aulakh, chairperson, department of Physics. Teachers, who were on exam duty, although unwilling to be quoted, expressed deep shock over the incident. The incident happened minutes before the dean student welfare was to address a press conference elaborating on the code being imposed in wake of Lyngdoh guidelines at Student Centre. \"For quite some time, the department appeared to have been taken over completely by hooligans,\" added a furious senior teacher. Minutes after the incident, the police and university security reached the department and heavy security was deputed. None of the prominent PUSU leaders were identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098627", "title": "Homeopath doctors double in two decades", "text": "NEW DELHI: Western countries may find homeopathy \"unscientific\" and for which dozens of systematic reviews have \"failed to produce convincing evidence of effectiveness\".But India continues to see a massive jump in the demand for the 250-year-old system of medicine.India's registered homeopathic practitioners have more than doubled in two decades \u2014 increased from 1.05 lakh in 1980 to 2.46 lakh in 2010.Also, the number of homeopathic hospitals/dispensaries has also increased four fold \u2014 from 1,686 in 1980 to about 7,000 in 2010.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that a recent study called \"usage and acceptability of Indians systems of medicine\" conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) found that the annual average outdoor patient attendance was higher in homeopathy in comparison to ayurveda, unani and siddha.Azad said, \"The demand for homeopathic treatment has increased in the country. Under a centrally sponsored scheme, a one time assistance upto Rs 10 crores is being provided to the states on 50:50 matching share basis for opening of new homeopathic institutions in states not having such institutes.\"Director general of Central Council for Research in homeopathy Dr R K Manchanda said, \"Till now, the benefits of homeopathy were established through observational studies. Now we are validating homeopathy's benefits through randomized controlled trials and fundamental research. Homeopathy is especially beneficial for arthritis, skin and respiratory diseases, gastric problems like irritable bowel syndrome and allergies. Homeopathy costs one fifth of an allopathic consultation in any government set up.\"According to the World Health Organization (WHO), homeopathy is the second largest system of medicine in the world. WHO says the annual sale of homeopathic drugs accounts to Rs 8,400 crore globally. By 2017, the market will be Rs 52,000 crore.WHO adds that homeopathy is practiced in 66 countries and the treatment is individualized. It seeks to stimulate the body's defence mechanisms to prevent or treat illness. A recent industry study had predicted that Indian homeopathy treatment market is likely to grow 30% annually, and pegged it around Rs 4,600 crore.In 2009-10, the number of people who used homeopathy throughout the country was estimated at 10-12 crore.This number is likely to exceed about 16 crore by the end of next year.In 2010, the domestic homeopathy market size was about Rs 2,758 crore, the study by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) had said.It added that India has over 5 lakh registered homeopaths with approximately 20,000 more being added every year.Globally, the homeopathy market is estimated at Rs 26,300 crore with France being the largest contributor.Union health ministry officials said over 100 million Indians, depend solely on homeopathy.Even in the UK, where doctors have raised serious doubts on homeopathy, the market was estimated to be worth 38 million pounds in 2007 and is expected to rise to 46 million pounds in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi/ara", "code": "16104433", "title": "Ranvir Sena chief 'killer' arrested from Muri Junction", "text": "RANCHI/ARA: Prince Kumar Pandey, the main accused in Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh 'Mukhiya' murder in Bhojpur district on June 1, was arrested on Thursday night from Muri junction, 50km away from Ranchi, by a six-member team of Bhojpur police with support of local police. He was living in Silli block of Ranchi district for over last two months to escape police.The killing of 'Mukhiyaji' had sparked widespread violence in Bihar, after which a five-member special investigation team was constituted to probe the murder. Later, a CBI investigation was recommended into the incident, but the central agency is yet to take up the case.Bhojpur SP M R Nayak said Prince has been brought to Ara and is being interrogated. The Bhojpur police team was led by a woman sub-inspector who was expressing her 'love' to one Yashwant Kumar, a friend of Pandey, for the last few weeks. The SP did not expressly deny the love twist and just said, \"Arrest is the most important thing.\" He, however, neither divulged details nor provided the name of the woman SI.The sim card used while hatching plans to execute the Ranvir Sena founder was found to be in possession of Yashwant, sources said. The woman sub-inspector used to call him on this particular number at night and have intimate talks, the sources at Silli who know Yashwant said. Under the cover of intimacy, the woman SI extracted details of Pandey from Yashwant, who runs a grocery shop at Silli. \"She expressed her desire to meet Yashwant, who readily agreed, not suspecting anything wrong,\" said a source.On Thursday, the woman SI and five cops, all in civvies, waited near Silli railway station. As Yashwant arrived there to meet his \"lady love\" and parked his bike near their SUV, the police team trained their pistols at him.A police officer of Silli PS said after interrogation Yashwant told the Bhojpur police team that Prince Pandey would arrive at Muri railway station around 8.30pm. The police team reached Muri junction, said a GRP police officer at Muri junction. Around 9pm, Pandey arrived there and was immediately arrested.The Bhojpur SP said that Prince Kumar Pandey and Nand Gopal Ram alias Fauji, two accused in the murder case, were absconding and a supplementary charge sheet would now be filed against them. Earlier, the Bhojpur police had filed charge sheet against six accused in the court of local chief judicial magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore ", "code": "16132067", "title": "Congress targeting BJP CMs to divert attention from coal scam: BJYM", "text": "INDORE : Members of Bhartiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) protested against Congress led UPA government and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday for their alleged role in Rs 1.84 lakh crores coalgate 'scam.' The protest was part of a national level protest by BJYM across 40 cities of the country starting from August 31.BJYM workers blacken the poster of PM Manhon Singh and tried to burn his effigy. Workers who had gathered for protest shouted on the direction of their national leaders shouted slogans against Congress party and its president.City president of BJYM, Golu Shukla alleged that to diver the attention of people from India's biggest scam Congress party is targeting BJP chief ministers. \"Allotment of coal blocks comes under the power of union government and state government has no role in it. Our chief ministers have clean image and they have not done anything wrong,\" said Shukla adding that chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and CM of Chhatisgarh Raman Singh are best CMs in the country and developmental works done by them have been followed by may other states.BJYM demanded resignation of PM pointing that coal ministry was under Manmohan Singh for five years out of eight years during which coal blocks were allotted without auction. BJYM also demanded for cancellation of 142 coal blocks allotted during the scam.Trying to give clean chit to BJP CM, Shukla alleged that coal allotment were pre-planned and it was done with a motive to make profit for the Congress party. He stressed that coal block allocation process was manipulated. The committee which allocated coal block had 10 representatives from the central government and there was only one from the state concerned. \"We want detail how coal blocks were allotted and on what grounds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16093016", "title": "Israeli passenger enters on cancelled ticket", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Israeli national was arrested at IGI Airport on Friday after he gained entry into the airport on a cancelled electronic ticket. The fraud was detected when Orenlevy tried to leave the terminal and was stopped by CISF staff. Orenlevy claimed to have gone to the airport to see off his father who was leaving for Amman.\"The accused entered terminal 3 around 4.30am on Friday. He showed a copy of an e-ticket, cancelled as it was later revealed, for travel on flight RJ-193 to Amman. He was in the check-in area for a while before he tried to leave. As per rules, a passenger can only leave the terminal if accompanied by airline staff which has to vouch for the passenger's authorized presence inside the terminal. However, Orenlevy was not aware of this rule and confessed that he had entered the terminal to see off his father,\" said Hemendra Singh, deputy commandant, CISF.Orenlevy and his father were supposed to fly out on the same flight but Orenlevy's programme was cancelled for some reason. He retained a copy of his original ticket and used that for entry into the terminal. \"The airline staff confirmed that he did not have a booking for Friday and the accused was handed over to Delhi Police which booked him under Section 100 of the Delhi Police Act,\" said Singh.Concerns have earlier been raised about persons gaining unauthorized entry into the airport using fake e-tickets but security officials say the matter is not so critical. \"The staff posted at the gates cannot verify whether a ticket is valid or not as that is the airline's job. A passenger's ticket and identity proof are checked before they are allowed inside. However, since there are strict checks on persons leaving the airport, such unauthorized persons can be checked,\" said a source.In the past few years, there have been two reported cases of persons having gone missing from the airport. Both passengers were supposed to be deported and managed to sneak out of the airport without even their passports. CISF says this loophole has also been plugged as persons in the custody of the immigration department now need to be accompanied by one CISF personnel as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16131491", "title": "Tori Spelling gives birth to son", "text": "Actress Tori Spelling has welcomed her fourth baby with husband Dean McDermott.Spelling gave birth to son, Finn Davey McDermott, Thursday evening, said her official website, reports usmagazine.com.The McDermott family's new arrival joins older siblings Liam, 5, Stella, 4, and Hattie, 10 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16120916", "title": "BlueSky bags overseas rights of Jaffa", "text": "BlueSky Cinemas has bagged the overseas theatrical screening and DVD/VCD rights of Brahmanandam-starrer Jaffa. The film's teaser was released couple of months back has evoked great curiosity and Brahmi would be seen in a full length laugh riot after a long time.The actor plays the role of a dreaded terrorist \"Jaffar Khan\", in this film, which also has Ali, Venu Madhav and other comedians. Jaffa is directed by Vennela Kishore while Sunil Kashyap has scored the music. The exhibitors have expressed their sincere thanks to producer Mr. Ramesh Varma for giving this opportunity and making them a part of this venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16100311", "title": "Punjab govt orders probe into girl's 'suicide'", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Punjab government on Friday ordered an inquiry into the suicide of a 20-year-old college student after she was allegedly humiliated in the presence of the local media by traffic police at a check-post on Thursday.Shivali, a BA student of Prem Chand Markanda SD College, committed suicide by jumping in front of a train just two hours after the car she and her friend Gaurav were traveling in was stopped by traffic cops at a check-post near her college and she was publicly humiliated despite pleading that they were known to each other.Punjab police lady traffic inspector Balwinder Kaur, who was heading the check-post, has been suspended. Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal has asked Inspector General, Jalandhar Zone, Gurpreet Deo to conduct a complete inquiry into the circumstances leading to the girl's suicide.Shivali requested traffic cops that any publicity would bring a bad name to her and she would be forced to commit suicide, but Kaur and her team did not relent.The families of Shivali and Gaurav said that they would register complaints against the police and the photojournalists. According to eyewitnesses, Shivali was hounded by the photojournalists and the police, and threatened that her photos would be published in newspapers. Her family members, neighbours and friends will take out a candle light vigil on Saturday evening on Garha Road area to seek justice.\"What right do the police have to humiliate her even if she was traveling along with a boy and why should photographers be clicking her photos?\" asked Shivali's cousin Ashwani Kumar.\"We can file a case of abetment to suicide, under Section 306 of IPC only after we receive a formal complaint,\" said Devinder Singh Garcha of the government railway police.According to police sources, inspector Balwinder Kaur never left an opportunity to lecture young boys and girls stopped by her team on morality. She had also made it a rule to have photojournalists around at all her check-posts in Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101435", "title": "State bird nearing extinction", "text": "GURGAON: The population of the black partridge (black teetar), Haryana's state bird, is decreasing owing to massive urbanization in Gurgaon, according to district forest officials.Till a decade ago sighting the black teetar in the region was easy but now the bird has almost disappeared because of the changing habitat and rapidly changing demographic complexion. Even though there are no exact figures of the population of the bird in the district, the officials claimed that hardly any black partridge has been sighted for quite a long time.\"The city has become a concrete jungle. The commercial development taking place in Gurgaon has gradually deprived the bird of its natural habitat.\" said Kulvendra Singh, DFO Gurgaon.The black partridge has always been a tourist attraction and once upon a time was in abundance in the Sultanpur Bird Santuary, Basai and Dadri wetlands. But now the bird is not seen much in these areas.In 1979, the Haryana government had declared the black partridge as the state bird but unfortunately the authorities did little to save the bird.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100325", "title": "Now, pay \u2018lifetime tax\u2019 for your car", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Friday announced the rates of lifetime tax that will allow car owners to pay the tax just once when purchasing the vehicle. The tax will be valid as long as the car lasts. Owners of cars already registered will also have the option to pay \"lifetime tax\".The initiative is meant to help the cash-starved government mop up additional resources. But dealers fear it will lead to a drop in sales of small cars with prospective buyers postponing their decision since down payment will go up significantly.Though the lifetime tax is an option, the rates are intended to encourage most buyers to opt for it as the one-time tax payable every five years will be cumulatively a lot higher than lifetime tax. Owners of high-end cars are likely to persist with one-time tax as they usually change their cars every two to three years.The rates, implemented through West Bengal Additional Road Tax (Amendment) Bill, will come into effect from September 3.Responding to concerns of car owners that it would lead to major loss when selling the car, transport secretary BP Gopalika insisted that the tax rate could be adjusted against the resale price.For a small car priced at Rs 4 lakh (tentatively calculated on the car's engine capacity measured in cubic capacity or cc), the existing tax rate is approximately Rs 20,000 for five years. This will increase to Rs 22,000, while the lifetime tax will be Rs 40,000 or 10% of the car's price.For a car that costs Rs 10 lakh, the five-year tax that is Rs 35,000 now, will increase to Rs 45,000. The lifetime tax will be Rs 1 lakh or 10% of the car's price. However, details of the existing tax structure are not clear.Owners of cars currently pay tax once every five years, a system that was introduced by the Left Front government around a decade ago to garner more tax.While the present system requires annual payment of tax after a car is 15 years old, the government argues the lifetime tax will mean less hassle for car owners as they will have to pay the tax only once, eliminating several components of the existing taxes including music system and AC .\"At present, if people forget to pay the tax or accidentally miss the deadline, the penalty is 100%. This can be avoided by paying a lifetime tax,\" said Gopalika. The new regulation is meant for two wheelers, four wheelers and omnibuses with seats up to 14 and not registered as a transport vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16091309", "title": "Bombay high court notice to chancellor over Loney panel report on roster scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Justice Bhushan Dharmadhikari and justice Ashok Bhangale at the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court have issued notice to the Chancellor of Nagpur University on a writ petition by Sunil Mishra seeking action on the Justice Loney Committee report on roster scam in the university.The roster scam had been exposed by the TOI. The chancellor has been asked to show cause in reply to the petition by October 21.The petitioner had filed an application under Maharashtra Universities Act 1994 before the chancellor. He was intimated on May 17, 2010, that his application has been referred to the vice chancellor and the principal secretary higher education.Though Justice Loney had submitted his report on January 5, 2011, no action has been taken till date on the report. Mishra's application also remains undecided. AGP AG Mujumdar accepted notice for the chancellor. The petitioner appeared in person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095357", "title": "Coal secretary objects to blocks cancellation to JSPL, Usha Martin", "text": "NEW DELHI: The top bureaucrat in the coal ministry has raised objections over recommendations from his second-in-command to scrap allocation of Jitpur and Lohari coal blocks given to Jindal Steel and Power Ltd and Usha Martin Ltd, respectively, for delays in developing the mines. \"I am constrained to observe that the guidelines (for deallocation) are in the process of finalisation... In the absence of such guidelines, it is not understandable on what basis the IMG (inter-ministerial group) has taken such a decision...\" coal secretary S K Srivastava wrote on file on August 21.The IMG is headed by additional secretary in the ministry, Zohra Chatterjee. It is scrutinising replies to 58 notices for de-allocation the ministry had sent to allottees for delaying mine development. Srivastava's noting runs contrary to the spirit of coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's reiteration of resolve to act against allottees for delaying mine development without valid reasons. The timing of noting is also bound to cast doubts over the ministry's real intent.Srivastava's objections are based mainly on IMG's decision being based on status report of December 2011 and absence of guidelines. But Chatterjee's August 23 reply, running into several pages, makes it clear that Srivastava is raising technicalities. For one, the guidelines are being formulated for encashing of bank guarantees of allottees \u2014 and not deallocation \u2014 to ensure that the deductions are \"uniform and transparent\" for all allottees. Chatterjee also says the \"competent authority had already been taken to deduct the bank guarantees in these cases\" and only the amount to be deducted remained to be decided.On the point of old status report, Chatterjee noted the IMG took the deallocation decision on the basis of a review done in January, a lag of only one month. The status of these two blocks as of March 2012 was also put up at the IMG's August 8 meeting when the recommendation for their deallocation was made. This implies there was hardly any change in the status of the blocks.\"It also seems necessary that a cut-off date for updated status should also be decided and publicised along with the guidelines as allocates would otherwise generally try to show further progress after decisions are taken,\" Chatterji wrote for good measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16097069", "title": "Collector admits role of officials in granite scam", "text": "MADURAI: District collector Anshul Mishra's report on illegal quarrying, which was submitted in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, has revealed that water bodies have been destroyed by the illegal quarries and that some of these activities had taken place with the help of officials.This report was submitted in response to a petition filed by CPM leader Anbalagan on the illegal mining issue. In his report, the collector said there were 43 water course lands, including lands which had been inspected in Melur, following the scam and that there was destruction and encroachment of all except seven of the inspected sites.Also, the quarry giant PRP Group had indulged in the illegal transfer of pattas in its name through forgery and cheating with the help of revenue officials. Most of these files, pertaining to Keelaiyur and Keelavalavu villages in Melur, were missing from the record room at the taluk office in Melur. Recently, nine revenue officials including staff from a tahsildar's office were suspended in this regard.The report also said the files of these pattas transferred were being scrutinised closely for any irregularities. A land-grab case had been filed under IPC sections 420, 467, 465, 468 and 471.Counsel for the CPM leader, stressed that as the collector himself had admitted that these illegal activities had taken place with the help of officials, only a CBI investigation could investigate this scam. Quarry owners had been ruling the area for the last 19 years, ravaging this land. Even in inspections carried out since 2010, only notices had been issued to the erring quarries but their licences had not been cancelled.The counsel said the secretary of the industries department had instructed the collector to look into the allegations of illegal quarrying and submit the report. The collector submitted his report on May 19, 2012.The present status report, however, does not mention anything about these instructions. The Tamil Nadu government has not produced any report from the Income Tax department, Customs and Central Excise department, Commercial taxes department, Department of Geology and Mining, Electricity, PWD, Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation or Pollution Control Board regarding the scam. The state government initiated strong action only after the collector's report was leaked to the press.The counsel said the local SP had asked the Tuticorin VO Chidambaram Port trust to withhold transport of granites on August 12, 2012, but 17 tonnes of granites had been exported from Mumbai Jawaharlal Nehru Port on July 31 to New Jersey. This showed that mere instructions to Tamil Nadu ports alone would not suffice. PRP Granites had got approval to set up a special economic zone in Virudhunagar district despite this scam. Its proposal was tabled in the Board without even a Tamil Nadu government recommendation.He questioned how it could have been tabled without the recommendations of the government. This showed that the company had considerable influence over the government.The counsel said archaeological monuments had also been damaged due to the illegal quarrying. The previous collector said the loss would be around Rs 16,338 crore, while the present collector was saying the loss was only Rs 1,800 crore. The estimation needs to be assessed scientifically. The persons involved in illegal quarrying were politically and economically influential and the scam ran into thousands of crores of rupees. Hence the investigation by an independent and centralised agency like CBI was essential, he added.Advocate-general Navaneetha Krishnan said an official of the rank of superintendent of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption was monitoring the case. As the scam was vast, many teams were looking into it as the government was serious in nailing the culprits and protecting the state's wealth. Experts were also involved in the assessment and revenue officials involved in the fraud had been suspended. There was no move to save anybody, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16100741", "title": "Another accused held for mowing down Haryana cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Another accused was arrested on Friday in connection with a Haryana police assistant sub-inspector's killing a day earlier at Ladwa in Kurukshetra district.Local liquor mafia members had mowed down the cop, Dharampal. They were carrying boxes of IMFL liquor in the car that they ran over the cop when he tried to stop them.The accused, Rinku, from Yamunanagar, was in the car. Raj Kumar, the car owner, was arrested on Thursday. The police are looking for the third accused in the case.Haryana excise and taxation minister Kiran Choudhary said she has also sought a report from the excise department on the presence of liquor mafia in Kurukshetra.\"We have ordered the district excise and taxation collector to submit a report after taking details from police investigations. At the same time we have also asked him to ascertain as if the smuggled liquor was manufactured or bottled in Haryana. An appropriate action will follow after we get the report,\" said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104070", "title": "Womb scam rattles Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Even as Bihar Human Rights Commission ( BHRC) on Thursday asked the state government to file a report in three weeks on the issue of widespread cases of removal of uterus (hysterectomy) of BPL women under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), the state government is already on the job to ascertain the facts related to the alleged scam.It has asked the DMs concerned to make inquiries into the cases of hospitals where the percentage of hysterectomy is more than 25% of all the surgeries. This was based on the assumption that on an average, 15% of all surgeries under RSBY are of hysterectomy. A committee of the assembly, which is probing the issue, will start meeting the victims from September and had directed the DMs concerned to make available all necessary information.Under the RSBY scheme, BPL families are covered for a sum of Rs 30,000. The hospitals and clinics registered under the scheme are entitled to get reimbursement from insurance companies for treatment rendered to members of BPL families. It is alleged that uterus were removed without rhyme and reason and money claimed under the scheme.According to an estimate, 16,765 cases of hysterectomy had been performed in 11 districts of the state in last two years. The districts reporting such cases in large numbers are Samastipur, Begusarai, Madhubani and Saran. In Samastipur alone, 8,000 such cases were performed since last year, according to the report of Samastipur DM. In Begusarai and Samastipur, Rs 10 crore and Rs 12 crore, respectively, have been claimed in last one year under the RSBY.It has now come to light that majority of hospitals where the surgeries had been conducted belonged to non-doctors or medical practitioners not entitled to do so. Also, most of the hospitals and the nursing homes empanelled under the programme were not of specialized nature. It has been also been found that a large number of operations were performed on women of younger age.A health department official said on condition of anonymity, \"A committee was constituted at district level comprising representatives of district administration and civil surgeon's office which was to select nursing homes and private hospitals to be empanelled under the RSBY programme launched by the Centre in 2008. However, the Union government passed an order under which the insurance companies got the discretion to select hospitals for the purpose. It was at this stage that things got murkier as the state labour department also gave its nod, The department administers the programme.\"The doctors in panels for selecting hospitals under the programme were not qualified for the purpose. In Patna, one Ayush doctor was kept in the panel, which was in violation to the prescribed norms, the official said and added, \"Ads were not widely published by the insurance companies. This resulted in selection of smaller and non-specialized hospitals with little or no infrastructure.\"It has also come to fore that while paying claims under the scheme, proper investigation was not done by the insurance companies. No expert was employed to ascertain whether operations had actually been performed or not, the official said, adding guidelines of the nodal committee at the district level were totally ignored in the process.Dr S S Rai, a member of the Patna district's core committee set up for monitoring the scheme and issuing directives from time to time, said, \"The state government never chose the hospitals under the programme. This was done by the insurance companies independently. A Union government team had, in 2011, issued instructions to this effect. Even the state nodal agency, which was formed for overseeing the programme implementation, had proved to be ineffective.\"Dr Rai said around 1,100 diseases are covered under RSBY, but most of the registered hospitals do not provide treatment for most of the diseases as nearly all of them are unspecialized ones.While Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar demanded a probe by the State Council of Medical Registration to find out whether the council members were in connivance in the scam, the president of Indian Medical Association (IMA), Bihar Chapter, Dr A K Thakur rejected the charges that unwanted operations had been performed. Dr Thakur said, \"I refuse the charges that uterus removal has been conducted without need. This is no racket. We have constituted a committee where people can come and file their complaint, but so far not a single complaint has been filed.\"When asked about the Samastipur DM's report to the state government, confirming hundreds of cases of uterus removal without any requirement, Dr Thakur said,\" We need to go through the modalities applied while coming to the figures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096312", "title": "Experts seek change in rent laws", "text": "MUMBAI: While activists are happy about the proposed heritage rules, they are worried about the upkeep of structures owing to their owners' financial constraints. Experts say most buildings in the existing as well as the proposed heritage list are cessed structures that are governed by the Rent Control Act. They say unless this law was changed, owners of such buildings would have little incentive or means to maintain them.Several incentives have been proposed over the years to encourage owners of listed buildings to maintain them and not submit to redevelopment schemes. But most are still on paper.Under the Rent Control Act, rents for tenants of the specified buildings have are frozen at 1940 levels. This leaves owners with little funds for maintaining the properties. Experts say this incapability on the part of owners leads to the structures being neglected, making them dilapidated over time. Ultimately, the structures are torn down under cluster redevelopment schemes.\"Owners of old buildings have not cared for the structures as there are no returns for doing so. They have been giving out their properties for redevelopment, destroying the nature of the buildings completely. There is a need to have a re-look at the rent control law, at least in the context of listed buildings,\" said conservation architect and heritage committee member Abha Narain Lambah.The suggestion has also been made by a heritage subcommittee formed by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088737", "title": "First enquiry of Starbus pending with Maharashtra government", "text": "NAGPUR: The first enquiry on the working of Starbus, initiated by the Union ministry of urban development (UD), is still pending and the fault lies with the state government.Following allegations made by city Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar , Urban transport director AK Saroha investigated the operation of the buses sanctioned under the JNNURM scheme last year. \"The report was sent to the state government which is yet give its remarks on it,\" said director of UD's urban transport wing Raj Kumar Singh.The findings of the report still hold good, according to Raj Kumar. \"No progress has been made in improving the service,\" he added.Singh has submitted his report on operation and maintenance of Starbuses. He did not comment on the controversial supplementary agreement signed between the NMC and VNIL. Opposition corporators suspect a scam in it. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096138", "title": "Man held for assaulting woman cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 36-year-old businessman has been arrested for allegedly assaulting a woman constable when she tried to intervene in a road rage incident near East of Kailash.The incident occurred around 10.55am when a private water tanker accidentally bumped into a car owned by Sudesh Goel, businessman Navin Goel's mother.\"Goel informed the police and simultaneously called up her son Navin. On reaching the spot, Navin began to beat up the tanker driver Sobram. Meanwhile, a PCR van with a woman constable arrived at the spot. When the cop asked Navin to lay his hands off Sobram and let the law take its own course, Navin pushed her down forcefully. Then he began to hurl abuses at the injured cop before she could ask for back up,\" said a senior investigating officer.Within few minutes, another PCR van reached the area and Navin was nabbed. \"The injured constable was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre. We have also booked the tanker driver for negligent driving,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16120050", "title": "Dr Biju\u2019s next, on garbage cleaners", "text": "Dr Biju, who reaped awards recently for 'Akashathinte Niram', is planning on a film which deals with Corporation workers. Titled Thanal Tharatha Marangal, the film will see Jayasurya and Salim Kumar essaying the lead roles. \"It is going to be a film set in the slums. Jayasurya will play a garbage collector; it will also explore the relationship between a father and son.\" Buzz is that, Master Govardhan will be playing Jayasurya's son in the film. Salim Kumar will also be seen in a prominent role, as a friend and confidante to Jayasurya. Thanal Tharatha Marangal is expected to start in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094544", "title": "Cameroon beat India ahead of Nehru Cup final", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Wim Koevermans made five changes to his starting line-up, Emmanuel Bosso - his opposite number from Cameroon - was not far behind. In fact, he stole a march.In the dry run to Nehru Cup final, Bosso made eight changes in the team that took the field against the defending champions and still finished the inconsequential league group phase engagement with a solitary goal win at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Friday.Even with wholesale changes, Cameroon made the most of the opening exchanges and broke the ice pretty early. From a long through ball sent from his own half, Samuel Bitte sparked into life and shifted gears to fly past Gourmangi Singh, who was captaining India in absence of Sunil Chhetri. Once inside the box, Bitte buried a fierce left-footer in the far corner of Karanjeet Singh's net. The game was only two minutes old and fears of mayhem loomed.Somehow, Mehtab Hossain and Syed Rahim Nabi worked hard to soak in the pressure as best as they could and tried to turn the tide.Manandeep Singh, who was blooded after Koevermans rested Chhetri, showed that he has still some way to make the grade. When Denzil Franco capped his enterprising run with an inviting cross, Manandeep failed to connect his header properly. A mistake that is uncalled for at this level.Relentless defensive duties took the toll on Nabi and he mistimed his tackle on the Charles Eloundou inside the box late in the first session. Referee Hamad Hashmi pointed to the spot and Ebenga Mertin stepped up. The Cameroon striker tried to do an Andrea Pirlo by chipping the goalie, but failed to dupe Karanjeet.Cameroon slowed down with the changeover. The darting runs dried up, the sturdy tackles avoided and often they were seen running down the clock playing amongst themselves, the intent being more in keeping possession than planning an attack.India, on the other hand, replaced an ineffective Manandeep with their new go-to man Robin Singh in the 67th minute. The East Bengal striker mostly found himself going for the aerial tussle or waiting for a pass that was as scarce as a year without a scam. Still, the men in blue came close to finding the equalizer. Nabi and Francisco Fernandes fumbled with their headers on both occasions.Koevermans and Bosso played their cards close to the chest, trying to get a measure of each others strengths and weaknesses. It was easy for Bosso to read as India's weaknesses, technically and physically, was as clear as daylight. Only Sunday will show what Koevermans has managed to read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100639", "title": "Absconding thief arrested", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a quick action, the Kaudhiyara police, on Friday, arrested the absconding thief who had managed to give a slip to policemen on Thursday when he was being brought to a district court in connection with hearing.Police said that the arrested thief was identified as, Kamlakar Chaudhary , a resident of Bhagohara village. Police further added that Kamlakar, who was lodged at Naini jail, was brought up police at district court in connection with hearing and he somehow managed to give a slip to police party.Following the escape, the police sounded an alert and a case was also lodged with Colonelganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16090656", "title": "Woman ends life, hubby injured", "text": "NAGPUR: Nandanvan police have registered a case of accidental death after a 37-year-old woman set herself on fire and died of burn injuries at her Vyankatesh Nagar residence on Friday afternoon. Family sources claimed that Srujana Lachelwar, who was declared dead at the Government Medical College and Hospital, had been mentally disturbed and was under medication.Srujana's husband Padmakar, a bullion trader from Itwari, too suffered burn injuries while trying to save her. The couple have an eight-year-old son. No suicide note was found by the police.The family was fast asleep when Srujana took the drastic step by pouring kerosene on herself early in the morning. The neighbours alerted the police who rushed to the place and sent a seriously injured Srujana to GMCH. Close family members claimed that there was no tiff in the family that could have led to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095696", "title": "Coalgate: Subodh Kant Sahai bungles bid to come clean", "text": "NEW DELHI: A press conference he held on Friday hoping to disengage himself from the unspooling Coalgate boomeranged on Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai.The minister rubbished the charge of benami ownership of a coal block attributing it to BJP's politics of deception and business rivalry. However, he tied himself in knots over his letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh making a pitch for allocation of a coal block to a company, SKS Ispat and Power, which has his younger brother, Sudhir Kumar Sahai, as an honourary executive director. With media tossing aggressive questions at the beleaguered minister, Sahai admitted that he indeed wrote to the PM recommending coal mine allocation to SKS Ispat and Power.Sahai sought to brazen it out saying that he did not breach political morality by using his official status to recommend a company with his brother on board for a coal block. But he looked increasingly uncomfortable in the face of a volley of questions.Interestingly, reporters quoted from the documents circulated by the minister himself to show that his younger brother represented SKS Ispat and Power at the meeting of the screening committee to decide the allocation of coal block. This was two days after the minister wrote to the PM seeking coal block for SKS Ispat and Power.As Sahai left the venue looking disconcerted, his colleague, coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, tried to play his defence attorney. \"If he is his brother then doesn't he have the right to be eligible for the coal block?\" asked Jaiswal.Sahai's plight can be the source of embarrassment for the Congress at a time when it is trying to shake off the perception of scam in the allocation of coal blocks. Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha said the PM should ask Sahai \"to resign along with him\". Sinha said, \"The prime minister should first ask him to tender his resignation and then the PM should himself resign.\"However, the option of cutting losses by expending Sahai may not an easy one because an action against him can be seen as a vindication of the bigger allegation of the scam.Sahai said on September 13, 2007, at the 35th screening committee decided to allocate Fatehpur Coal Block jointly to SKS and Prakash Industries and the offer letter was issued by the ministry of coal to both the companies on November 6, 2007. \"My letter was written to Hon'ble Prime Minister regarding two coal blocks for steel plants in State of Chattisgarh and Jharkhand on 5.2.2008. Hence, the Fatehpur Coal Block was already allocated to M/s SKS and M/s Prakash Industries much prior to my letter written to PMO,\" he said.On his letter recommending Vijay Central Block for a steel plant of SKS, he said he recommended this case to the PM \"keeping in mind, the overall interest of the people of my area and in order to promote establishment of industries and investments\". He said the allocation was made to SKS Ispat and Prakash Industries \"completely on merits\".The minister admitted that he didn't inform the PM that his brother was an executive director of the company he was recommending. \"Nowhere was my family financially involved with SKS,\" he tried to reason. When asked if he would resign on moral grounds, Sahai shot back, \"What for?\"The Union minister said his brother was neither a shareholder nor a director of SKS Ispat, but was only an honourary executive director.Sahai said the \"malicious campaign\" against him was unleashed by Prakash Industries, which is promoted by Ved Prakash and Jai Prakash, who are \"closely associated with RSS and BJP for over 40 years\". He said senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley was their lawyer in the case in High Court.\"This debate is sandwiched between a Delhi High Court judgment and bunch of lies being spread by BJP. Parliament is not able to function due to their lies even as the whole country is watching,\" Sahai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16110290", "title": "Residents enjoy pleasant weather", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sun has been playing hide-and-seek with the city. This monsoon, the sunshine hours have continued to be below normal. The clouds coupled with breeze have unleashed a pleasant aura. Even as the sunshine hours remain less than the normal and with mild breeze blowing this time around, the residents are enjoying the pleasant weather. Sonia Verma, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, said, \"This year the sky has remained mostly cloudy during monsoon and sun has come out occasionally. Since the sun remains hidden behind the cloud, the temperature remains on the lower side and the mild breeze blowing has negated the high humidity.\" \"We are enjoying the pleasant weather and I hope it continues to be the same in the days to come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098760", "title": "South India adds maximum no of MBBS seats, Central least", "text": "NEW DELHI: South India has seen the highest increase in the number of MBBS seats this academic session (2012-13), while central India has seen the least.South India will produce 1,520 more doctors this year, followed by the Western region (985). North India will see an additional increase of 550 MBBS seats this year, while eastern India will produce 390 more doctors.The north-east, which has only 10 medical colleges, will see an increase of 100 MBBS seats. Interestingly, central India will see the least increase at around 50 seats.When it comes to post-graduate medical seats, south India's increase is almost four times than the western region - 858 additional seats as against 212.PG seats in north India will increase by 189 this year, while in east India it will increase by 90 seats.Central India once again has suffered with an increase of 46 PG seats this year \u2014 lesser than even the north-east that has seen an increase of 48 seats.Distribution of medical colleges is already skewed in the country.South India has 157 medical colleges \u2014 almost double of that in western India (76) and nearly two and a half times than north India (61).Eastern India has 36 medical colleges and central India has 15.As far as setting up new medical colleges are concerned, central India is the only region that has recorded a \"nil\" count. North India has seen four new medical colleges come up this year, south (7), west (5), east (3) and the north-east (1).Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday, \"In order to facilitate setting up of more medical colleges, the government has rationalized the Medical Council of India's norms in terms of teacher students ratio, land requirement, bed strength, bed occupancy, maximum admission capacity and increase in age of teaching faculty with special relaxation in north eastern states.\"The ministry says there is one medical college for 115 lakh population in Bihar, while in Kerala it is for every 15 lakh population. Now, it has allowed split campuses \u2014 medical college and a hospital within 10km of each other across the country.Till now, this was allowed only in nine cities like Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kanpur and Pune.India has a density of one medical college per 38.41 lakh population. Around 315 medical colleges are spread across 188 districts.The ratio is worse in certain states: there is only one medical college for 115 lakh in Bihar, UP (95 lakh), Madhya Pradesh (73 lakhs) and Rajasthan (68 lakh), whereas Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu each have medical college for 15 lakh, 16 lakh and 19 lakh, respectively.Interestingly, India has the largest number of medical colleges in the world, producing over 30,000 doctors and 18,000 specialists every year.However, the country's average annual output is 100 graduates per medical college in comparison to 110 in north America, central Europe (125), western Europe (149) and eastern Europe (220). China, which has 188 colleges, churns out 175,000 doctors annually with an average of 930 graduates per college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16100175", "title": "BPL rice seized near Salepur", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Fourteen quintals of BPL rice was seized by police from Bhimarajpur village within Salepur police limits on Thursday night. The truck driver, Muktar Mohammad, and helper, helper Mohammad Tahir, were detained. They were taking the BPL rice from Samasad Begum, a dealer of Rameswarpur village, to Jatia Bal, a rice seller of Tribeshiswar village. Locals stopped the truck at Bhimarajpur on the Kendrapada-Cuttack road and informed police, said R Swain, police officer of Salepur police station.Last year ,the Kendrapada administration had suspended 16 retailers, five storage agents, four sub-wholesalers in Kendrapada district for rampant irregularities to provide PDS items to villagers. They used to sell the rice meant for distribution under Rs 2 a kg scheme to rice businessmen.Police had also seized 45 bags of PDS rice six months ago and arrested two rice businessmen from Badiha village in Kendrapada's Mahakalapada block for diverting PDS rice. \"It is said that there is no proper monitoring by law enforcing agencies in the PDS sector and periodic seizures expose the failure of the syatem,\" said Umesh Chandra Singh, president of Krusak Sabha, district unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104242", "title": "Health awareness camp held at Carmel", "text": "PATNA: About 300 students of class 9 and 10 and teachers of Mount Carmel High School on Friday underwent medical check-up at a health awareness camp organized by Carmel Alumni Association on the school premises.Principal Sister M Sujata AC said, \"The health awareness camp helped so many students. The alumni members are working very hard, giving their generous time for the benefit of their alma mater.\"Seven doctors of different specialities - eye specialists Dr Sunil Kumar Singh and Dr Ruby, general physicians Dr Mamta Singh and Dr Varsha Singh, dentist Dr Shilpi, physiotherapist Dr Aishwarya and gynaecologist Dr Shushma - took part in the camp.Physiotherapist Dr Aishwarya said, \"Lot of students expressed interest in learning exercises rather than taking medication. Children mostly complained back, knee and neck aches.\" She also advised students of correct postures while working on computer or carrying school bags and various training programmes for them.Alumni president Sutapa Sinha said, \"It is our moral responsibility to give something back to the school where we spent so many years together. We hope that the health camp will become an annual feature.\" Secretary Sunita Prakash said, \"Usually children do not undergo regular check-ups at home. So such initiative will help them know, if they have any problem.\"Students looked very excited about the health camp. \"We got to know what we should do and what should be avoided like one sided slinging of bags, said Akansha, a student of class 9. Her friends Apurva and Ria said that the physiotherapist had advised 'health first, style later'.Other alumni members present at the camp were vice-president Pushpa Singh, joint secretary Purnima Roy, treasurer Namita Kumar and member Abhilasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16098816", "title": "Maria Montessori\u2019s legacy blooms in Chennai\u2019s embrace", "text": "CHENNAI: The system of learning arithmetic with just a set of short bed cahains mounted on a wooden stand is being adopted by many schools in the city, from private institutions to corporation schools. The giant leap forward in education was conceived of more than a 100 years ago by Italian physician and educator Maria Montessori , but even 10 years ago was offered by only a few schools.On Montessori's 142nd birth anniversary on Friday, educationists debated on whether the system has been diluted or if it has evolved over time.The Montessori system was founded in 1907 and based on the belief that \"education is a natural process spontaneously carried out by the human individual, and is acquired not by listening to words but by experiences\", Montessori explained in 'Education for a New World'. \"The task of the teacher becomes that of preparing a series of motives of cultural activity, spread over a specially prepared environment, and then refraining from obtrusive interference.\"City corporation which introduced the Montessori system of learning for kindergarten students in three schools, in Saidapet, Velachery and on B P Koil Street, has decided to extend the teaching method to five more schools. \"Feedback has been positive and the students seem brighter. Parents have requested us to introduce the system in more schools,\" a corporation official said.There is now considerable demand for schools offering the Montessori system, from parents who believe their children require holistic development. \"This is a trend especially among educated parents, who do not want to put academic pressure on their children till the higher classes,\" says Uma Shankar, who heads Kalvi Trust, an organisation which promotes the system.Most institutions including the Tamil Nadu government combine the Montessori system of learning with other methods from across the world, to make it more relevant to students.\"Montessori materials could be very expensive for mid-level schools, so we train teachers to learn the system and use natural objects like pebbles and twigs instead of the actual materials,\" says Sharadha G, a teaching consultant, who was part of a committee that formed the curriculum for the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) or anganwadi centres.The ICDS curriculum is a potpourri of methods from various education systems from across the world such as 'Tewhariki' (a community-based learning system from New Zealand), 'Reggia Emilia' (a thematic teaching method from Italy), the Swedish pre-school system and Rudolph Steiner's Waldorf method of education, while maintaining the core principles of Montessori, says Sumithra Gauthaman, who was also a part of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094667", "title": "2 labourers killed after roof caves in", "text": "PUNE: Two labourers were crushed to death after the roof of the elevator's machine room located on the fifth floor of an under-construction building caved in at Phursungi on Friday.The Loni Kalbhor police identified the deceased as Sopan alias Sachin Nivrutti Pawar (27) of Kalepadal, Hadapsar, and Ashok Baban Kasbe (45) of Sasanenagar, Hadapsar.Fire officer of the Pune fire brigade Shivaji Chavan told TOI that the incident took place around 10.30 am, when five labourers were removing the centering plates of the machine room's roof.Chavan said Pawar and Kasbe were removing the plates, when all of a sudden the entire roof of the machine room caved in. \"Pawar and Kasbe were stuck under the concrete mix, while the other three labourers escaped unhurt,\" he said.He said he rushed to the spot with his team after somebody informed the control room of the Pune fire brigade. \"We brought out the labourers, who were stuck under the concrete mix, and rushed them to a nearby private hospital. Both of them were declared brought dead by the hospital,\" he added.Assistant police inspector of the Loni Kalbhor police station Narayan Pawar said the police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard. \"We will take action against the builder and the persons responsible for the accident after an inquiry,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "on board pm's special aircraft", "code": "16099180", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh refuses to engage in slanging match with opposition", "text": "ON BOARD PM'S SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: In the face of relentless Opposition protests, PM Manmohan Singh has refused to step down or engage in a slanging match with his political opponents. Singh's pushback came together with the government ruling out the cancellation of allocation of coal blocks.Talking to journalists on his way back home from Iran, the PM dismissed questions about his resignation. \"If I was resigning, I wouldn't have been here.\" Instead he took the battle squarely to the opposition BJP, accusing them of \"diversionary tactics.\"\"I hope the Opposition sees sense. We are a parliamentary democracy. We have been elected for a five-year term. I sincerely hope the BJP will respect the verdict of the people and let Parliament function. In a parliamentary system, it is the majority that rules. If the BJP thinks the majority cannot be trusted to run the country and they would like to run it their way then that is a total negation of what democratic politics is all about. It is still not too late for the BJP to realize that there is too much at stake and they have an obligation to make this parliamentary democracy, which we are genuinely proud of, a great success in tackling the problems of our country.\"Questioned whether he was letting the BJP run his political agenda, he said, \"I have to maintain the dignity of the office of the PM. I can't get into tu-tu-main-main or in a slanging match with other political leaders. So it is better, as I said earlier, that I remain silent.\"Singh said essential governance has been impossible because of the BJP's obstructionism. \"Unfortunately, we go from one crisis to another. But BJP policy has been to disrupt Parliament. These are all diversionary tactics. There are just 24 hours in one day, and if one is preoccupied all the time handling these diversionary tactics naturally this affects the capacity and ability of government to attend to its tasks which I have always said is to deal with poverty and disease which still affect millions of our citizens.\"But the PM had no new ideas to clear the logjam in Parliament. He preferred to appeal to the good sense of the Opposition. \"Our country is faced with enormous difficulties. Look at what is happening in the north-east \u2014 attempts to divide communities, divide the north and south and what is happening in some of the southern cities. Terrorism remains a serious threat. Naxalism is a growing menace. Our country has done well despite all these odds but we cannot assume that we can continue to make a mess of all the processes of governance and yet the country will continue to grow, there will be jobs for the people. Let us wait till the next election.\"Did he have any regrets? \"Yes. There are a lot of things that we would have liked to do. We would have liked to have laid the foundations of a 9% growth rate but international events have not helped, also lack of cohesion in domestic politics is a factor. For example, there is a problem in bringing into effect the goods and services tax (GST). It can lead to increase in GDP by 1%-2 % it will streamline taxation, minimize evasion.\"He added that he would continue to try to improve upon the growth performance of 6.5% and create an environment conducive to growth. Fortunately, he said, India's domestic savings and investment rates are still very high and if the climate to improve industrial infrastructure like railways, telecommunications, and roads is created, growth can be pushed forward.\"However, indicating that West Bengal's troubles may be at an end, the PM said the government was close to finding a solution for Mamata Banerjee's financial difficulties. \"We have been discussing with the finance minister as well as the chief minister of West Bengal a practical, pragmatic and yet viable means to tide over this,\" he said. This would have a direct impact on Banerjee's support for the Teesta water-sharing agreement with Bangladesh. She has held up her assent to the deal, as a way of pressuring the Centre on a financial package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16118213", "title": "A TV actor\u2019s life span is very limited: Varun Kapoor", "text": "Telly actors have a busy work schedule day and night, but when it is time to go on a break, actors like to spend their time at home with family. Ahmedabad based telly actor Varun Kapoor is no different.Varun took leave from his hectic schedule and decided to head back home to Aapnu Amdavad and spend time with his family. Varun recently celebrated his birthday and chose to keep it a low-key affair with his close friends and parents. Times of India caught up with him the next day when he was in a relaxed mode at home. Although he has lost oodles of weight, he still looks the boy-next-door dressed in a casual black tee and cargos, as he got chatting about the importance of being on the small screen, being on a youth-based show and B-Town dreams.Commenting on his decision to do Humse Hai Life after being a part of Na Aana Is Des Laado , where he played a romantic lead, Varun says, \"While Laado was a big launchpad for me, my role in the current show is bigger and more prominent. I'm there in all the scenes and I think my next show should also be a step ahead of this. As an actor, you have to be visible 24/7 to get noticed.\" He adds, \"A TV actor's life span is very limited. A good actor will also do only three-four big shows in his career. He'll not get a fifth one after that. That is why I decided to do a youth show on a youth channel, so that I can again start off as a fresh face on a general entertainment channel.\"The topic veers towards romance and rains and Varun talks about why he loves essaying the role of a loverboy on the small screen. He says, \"Indian audiences love romance. Wind blowing, dupattas flying...people love every aspect of it. Of course, as a creative person, one needs a strong script as well. But that's the issue with daily shows \u2014screenplays keep evolving, things are not planned until the last minute.\" Varun who's interested in reality shows would \"love to do something related to dance, like Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa .\"Most top TV actors take a detour to B-Town, but often are unable to make it big. Varun says, \"A TV star who's planning a big screen move needs to prepare himself for his new career. On TV, scripts are not bound, so there's plenty of scope to improvise as an actor. The downside is that you aren't allowed more than two retakes and you have to can the shot. In films you have a set script, so you know what you are supposed to do. Plus you have to keep giving takes until you get the shot right. Once I do films, it's going to be a new struggle for me.\"When a music channel moves towards fiction shows, it is a big step. Varun says, \"Audiences loves fiction shows and viewership patterns prove that.\" The actor, who likes to read newspapers when he's on a break, admits that gruelling shoot schedules don't stress him. He says, \"I believe even if something goes wrong, time heals everything.\" On that positive note, he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16092454", "title": "Minister promises to renovate Ram Ganesh Gadkari's home, auditorium", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after TOI highlighted the sorry state of affairs at the home of Ram Ganesh Gadkari, popularly referred to as Marathi literature's Shakespeare, state minister for cultural affairs Sanjay Deotale promised to visit the memorial and auditorium-cum-amphitheatre built in the memory of the literary giant. \"We will be there within a couple of weeks, along with Mumbai-based State Archaeology and Museums director Sanjay Patil,\" he said.Patil had already told TOI that he will be asking assistant director of archaeology in city Anand Bhoyar to visit the memorial to do the needful.Deotale further said the issue of poor condition of auditorium-cum-amphitheatre had also been raised by Saoner MLA Sunil Kedar during a recent meeting. \"The government will definitely sanction funds for its renovation,\" the minister added.Kedar confirmed that he had demanded Rs16 lakh for renovation of the auditorium, since Saoner was renowned for Gadkari's home. He added that the government had agreed to release the funds and renovation work was expected to be completed by Diwali.The Ram Ganesh Gadkari Memorial Sangharsh Samiti, which has been working since last many years for the auditorium's renovation and maintenance, had demanded that the district administration should hand it over to them for regular maintenance. \"We wrote many letters highlighting the sorry state of affairs, but no action was taken,\" vice president Kishor Dhundiwale said.He pointed out that the situation has worsened since last five years, as there are no guards to look after the complex. \"The place has become a haven for antisocial elements, who indulge in illegal activities during the night. Even the nearby mausoleum of Gadkari is in bad shape and crumbling,\" he said.Mohan Karemore, who had filed a PIL in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, said the last renovation at the auditorium had been before cultural event 'Padmagandha' in 2006. He said authorities have failed to maintain such a beautiful auditorium-cum-amphitheatre, which is a rarity even in cites like Nagpur.His counsel Shrikant Khandalkar blasted the government for its apathy towards preserving Gadkari's home, which was declared 'state protected monument' in 1986. \"The place could have been developed into a major tourist attraction,\" he said.Eminent litterateur Jayant Gaidhane demanded starting of a light and sound show based on Gadkari's life in Saoner, which will depict literary writings from his popular plays like 'Ekach Pyala'.Gaurav Belsare, who also pleaded Karemore's PIL, added that even Thane Municipal Council had built a drama theatre in Gadkari's name in 1979 and his statue is installed in Sambhaji Park of Pune, but politicians from Vidarbha have no respect for the literary hero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16120873", "title": "Osama's dead body was identified by his 'offspring':Ex-Navy SEAL's book", "text": "WASHINGTON: The dead body of Osama bin Laden was identified by a young girl who was in the room where he was killed after his wives refused to name the elusive al-Qaida chief, a new book by an ex-US Navy Seal has claimed.Matt Bissonnette, 36, in his tell-all account of the operation titled 'No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama bin Laden', has described the moment his team discovered the terrorist leader was dead.Bissonnette, writing under the pseudonym Mark Owen , claims that bin Laden was shot before the team reached the room he was hiding out in, taken out by a point man as he peered through a doorway, but the SEALS couldn't get any of the witnesses to identify the 'most wanted man in the world', until they grilled a young girl who had witnessed the killing.Bissonnette alleged he was the second man to step inside the room and find a man lying on the ground, surrounded by two hysterical women , later revealed to be two of his wives.Three children, likely to have been bin Laden's own offspring, were cowering in the corner, the British newspaper Daily Mail reported.\"He was wearing a white sleeveless T-shirt, loose tan pants and a tan tunic,\" he wrote.\"The point man's shots had entered the right side of his head. Blood and brains spilled out of the side of his skull. In his death throes he was still twitching and convulsing,\" the account says.Bissonnette and his teammate, named 'Tom' in the book, then fired a series of rounds into his chest to ensure he was dead. Examining the body, the pair became convinced they had killed Bin Laden.\"The man's face was mangled from from at least one bullet and covered in blood. His chest was torn up. I started to wipe blood away from his face using a blanket from the bed. With each swipe, the face became more familiar,\" he wrote.\"It was strange to see such an infamous face up close. Lying in front of me was the reason we had been fighting for the last decade,\" he added.As they photographed and took DNA samples, an Arabic speaking SEAL, called 'Will' in the book, began interrogating the women, one of whom was bin Laden's fifth wife Amal al-Fatah. But they just listed off a series of aliases, refusing to name bin Laden, so 'Will' turned to the children.\"(Will) went over to the kids who were outside on the balcony. (He) knelt down and asked one of the girls, 'Who is the man?' The girl didn't know to lie. 'Osama bin Laden.' Will smiled. 'Are you sure that is Osama bin Laden?' 'Yes, the girl said,\" Bissonnette wrote.Armed with confirmation, the Seals relayed the 'Geronimo' message to their superior officers and to President Barack Obama that the target had been killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16102499", "title": "3 more home stay accused denied bail", "text": "MANGALORE: The first additional district and sessions court on Friday denied bail to three more persons \u2014 Sandeep Shetty, Tharanath Alva and Venugopal \u2014 who had been arrested on charges of attacking those gathered for a birthday party at the Morning Mist Home Stay at Padil on the city's outskirts on July 28.The trio had filed an affidavit, accusing a police officer, whose daughter was among those attacked, of trying to influence the lower court against them. Last Tuesday, the court denied bail to 17 of 24 persons. With this, the total number of accused whose bail application has been rejected is 20. These 17 are Sharath, Tharanath Kannur, Rajesh, Chethan, Sunil, Harish, Shailesh, Puneeth, Varun Poojary, Kiran Poojary, Suresh Poojary, Mithun Poojary, Sampath, Deepak, Ramesh Kotiyan, Jagadish and Nithin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16125523", "title": "3 Simple steps to glowing skin", "text": "Here are three simple tips to get glowing skin naturally.- Skin care begins at home. Follow the ritual of cleansing, toning and moisturizing on a daily basis to prevent acne breakouts.- Aloe vera juice is great for your skin. Have a glass of it on empty stomach.- Drink at least eight to 10 glasses of water every day and make sure that you sleep at least for eight hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098210", "title": "Govt plans life term for dowry death convicts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The women and child development (WCD) ministry is seeking life term for those convicted in dowry death cases.WCD minister Krishna Tirath on Friday said, \"I will write to the law ministry to enhance punishment for those convicted in dowry death cases to life imprisonment.\" She also proposed separate fast-track courts for disposal of cases involving women.In 2011, 8,618 dowry death cases were reported across the country. The ministry is pushing for an all-India cadre of protection officers for women. \"We are seeking the Planning Commission's concurrence in this,\" Tirath said. The Centre would bear 75% expenses, and the rest (25%) will be borne by state governments.The ministry also plans to make dowry laws more stringent by amending the existing law. It proposed to make listing of wedding gifts compulsory for the bride and the groom. \"The list should be submitted in a sealed cover to the dowry prohibition officer. It will be strictly confidential,\" said Tirath. The list will be submitted in court if required.On Thursday, she met women MPs to discuss amendments to the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961. The MPs suggested that if a bride dies, her wedding gifts should go to her parents or children. In case, she does not have parents or children, the gifts would become state property.The ministry also proposes to be more lenient to those who give dowry. Now, those who give dowry and those who accept it face five years in jail. Amendments propose to reduce jail term for dowry givers to one year. Those who accept dowry would, however, be punished with a minimum of five-seven years in jail, said Tirath. The proposal was supported by MPs, including Samajwadi Party's Jaya Bachchan and Akali Dal's Harsimrat Kaur.There will also be provisions to enable women to lodge complaint at a police station near her residence where she is staying after leaving her marital home.During the consultation also proposed registration of all marriages, especially those involving NRIs, and putting them up on a website. \"We want the families to inform the government about weddings with NRIs,\" said Tirath.Drawing flak for delay in amendments to dowry laws, Tirath hoped it would be ready in six months. The Protection of Women against Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill is likely to come up in Parliament on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaipur", "code": "16093207", "title": "Kalyan Singh Chouhan may appeal in Supreme Court", "text": "JODHPUR/JAIPUR: The joy of winning against Union minister Dr C P Joshi in the 2008 assembly elections from Nathdwara by a mere one vote, fell short for BJP's Kalyan Singh Chouhan on Friday after the Rajasthan high court declared the election void.Justice Dinesh Maheshwari, while terming the election void, said that Kalyan Singh would no more be an MLA and has decided to keep the operation and effect of the order in abeyance for a period of 30 days. In this period, Chouhan may appeal further in the Supreme Court.The court ordered the two votes cast by Kalpana Kanwar at polling booths number 39 and 40, to be decoded and excluded from the valid votes.The court also directed the tendered ballot papers cast by the genuine voters to be opened and counted.\"It was revealed that Kalpana Singh had cast her vote at two booths and her claim that she did not sign in English was also proved false as her PAN card with her signature in English, was produced in the court,'' said RameshPurohit, who along with senior advocate M S Singhvi, represented Joshi. When contacted by TOI, both Joshi and Chouhan refused to comment saying they were yet to see the order.Sources close to Chouhan though confirmed that he would approach the Supreme Court. Though Joshi won the Lok Sabha polls in May 2009 and went on to get a berth in the Union cabinet, the one-vote loss was a burden not easy to shed. The verdict spread a wave of delight among the Joshi supporters and the Union minister received several congratulatory messages, including one from the state chief minister Ashok Gehlot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16090373", "title": "Prime Minister invited for Assembly platinum jubilee in Nagapur", "text": "NAGPUR: The winter session of the state legislature beginning in the second capital on December 10 will be a special one this time. During the course of the session, the concluding function of platinum jubilee celebrations of Maharashtra legislature is being planned. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been invited as chief guest of the function.As a result, sprucing up work at Vidhan Bhavan premises that normally starts a month or two before commencement of the session every year, has started more than three months in advance with officials not wanting to take any chances. On Friday, principal secretary of the state legislature Anant Kalase visited the Bhavan to inspect the repair and renovation. He was accompanied by joint secretaries Bhausaheb Kamble, U K Chavan, deputy secretary M M Kaj, section officers Namdeo Margale and Ravindra Jagdale. They were briefed by PWD team led by executive engineer D S Kawre. In view of security concerns, a new high wall is being constructed around the Vidhan Bhavan.\"Prime minister Manmohan Singh has been invited for the concluding function tentatively scheduled on December 15. Confirmation from PMO is awaited,\" Kalase told TOI. Besides, the sitting MLAs and MLCs, members of Parliament from the state and all ex-MPs, ex-legislators, presiding officers of all zilla parishads and panchayat samites and mayors will be invited for the function. A seminar will be held on Dec 14.One of the oldest bicameral legislatures, the Maharashtra legislature came into existence 75 years ago. Although the state's geography and its demographics have changed; the state legislature celebrating its platinum jubilee stands witness to social changes and constitutional developments. In the late 1930s, Maharashtra was just a small part of 'Bombay Presidency' province which also included present-day Gujarat, Pakistan's Sindh province and the British territory of Aden in Yemen .After the Government of India Act 1935, which envisaged a federal type of government; elections were held in 1937 to form provincial governments. The Indian National Congress won the elections. At that time the Bombay Assembly had strength of 175. Its first session was held on July 19, 1937, in Pune's Council Hall. The first session of the upper house, the legislative council, was held a day later on July 20, 1937. The present Maharashtra came into being on May 1, 1960. Nagpur was named as the auxiliary capital and it was decided to hold the budget and the monsoon session of the legislature in Mumbai and the winter session in Nagpur. The tradition continues till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16123253", "title": "Byatikram aims to bring all Olympic medal winners to Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam-based publishing and literary major Byatikram Group on Friday said it planned to invite all Indian medal winners of the London Olympic games to Guwahati for a felicitation.The group, which publishes the popular Bengali monthly journal 'Byatikram', also said it is organising a felicitation on September 6 at Kolkata for M C Mary Kom, who won the bronze in the 51 kg category for women.\"On September 6, a special felicitation is being organised for Mary Kom. Next we are looking to bring all the six medal winners of the London Olympics to Assam,\" Byatikram Mass Awareness and Social Development Organisation president Saumen Bharatiya told reporters here.A cash award of Rs two lakh would be handed over to the boxer from Manipur during the September 6 event.West Bengal sports minister Madan Mitra, former national footballer Subrato Bhattacharjee and others would be present.Bharatiya said besides Mary Kom, two London Olympic participants from Assam -- pugilist Shiva Thapa and archer Jayanta Talukdar -- would also be present at the event.\"Later on we will have a special ceremony for Thapa and Talukdar in Guwahati where both will be presented with a cash award of Rs one lakh each,\" he said.He said the Tripura government has also expressed interest in holding a similar event in Agartala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16089800", "title": "It's final: LBT in Chanda from November 1", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Finally state government has issued a directives postponing the implementation of local body tax (LBT) in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation till October end. The notification to this effect was received by CMC on Saturday. Corporation will now collect LBT from November 1 from the traders. Latur and Parbhani Municipal Corporations too have been spared of LBT till October end in the notification.Government has slapped LBT in CMC along with several other corporations from July 1. However, traders strongly apposed the new tax and took up eight-day-long bandh in first week of August. The strike was called off after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan assured the traders of postponing the implementation of tax till October end.The eagerly awaited notification on postponement of LBT came on Friday. \"Government has postponed the implementation LBT in Chandrapur till October end. We have received government notification and have intimated Chandrapur Chamber of Commerce,\" said commissioner Prakash Bokad.He appealed to the traders to register themselves for LBT with corporation as they now have two months. Earlier traders had opposed the LBT claiming that it was levied in haste and they got no time to update their stock records and account books. So far only 200 out of over 6,000 traders eligible for LBT have registered themselves with CMC.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122103", "title": "Videocon betting on telecom business: Chairman", "text": "For someone who believes that his business is just an adjunct to the betterment of society and sees his business dispassionately, his group has done rather well. Venugopal Nandlal Dhoot, chairman of Videocon Group, who created his $4-billion empire from scratch, can perhaps now afford to stand back and profess detachment. \"I have expectations from the business but without any attachment to it,\" the 68-year-old billionaire explains the way he approaches his business, now run by professional CEOs who have targets to turn in 25% more than the industry benchmark. \"Business is done for the betterment of society. We are just the trustee,\" he says.But despite the business philosophy, assiduously cultivated over the years through the learnings from the Bhagwad Gita and the Upanishads, which he can generously quote, his entrepreneurial journey has been like most others. Though Dhoot comes from a business family, it took hard work and lots of luck as he got little support from his father, who wanted him to focus on the family's sugar business.It all started with an internship at Toshiba's consumer electronics facility in Japan soon after Dhoot completed his telecommunication studies. On his return in 1980, he smelt an opportunity in the TV business which was just being introduced. The strength of his conviction was so intense that the young Dhoot chose to defy both his father and prospects of a comfortable life to chase his passion. \"I went back and met with the honchos at Toshiba and asked them for their backing. All they wanted was a bank guarantee,\" says Dhoot, walking down memory lane at the group's headquarters in Fort, Mumbai.\"I met the SBI general manager and said that Toshiba is willing to partner us and all they want is a bank guarantee of $1 million and a letter of credit of $2 million. He agreed and we started off in a vacant family plot in Ahmednagar.\" Many would not perhaps know that Dhoot was behind the launch of most global electronics brands such as Toshiba, Panasonic, Sansui and Samsung in India. He even had a 49% stake in Samsung, which he sold for a massive profit. It's besides the point that most are his competitors now.\"We started with the PIP technology of Toshiba, overtaking Phillips in 1987. Then we went for backward integration with the acquisition of a picture tube facility in 2005... We continue to be market leader by volumes in air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators and TVs with all our brands combined,\" he says. Apart from the flagship brand Videocon, it also manufactures and sells brands such as Sansui, Kelvinator, Electrolux , Kenstar and Phillips.Despite Videocon's identity as a consumer electronics group, 90% of its overall assets are concentrated in discovered oil finds in Brazil, Mozambique, Indonesia and East Timor and is valued at $10 billion (Rs 55,000 crore), or almost 10 times of Videocon Industries market capitalisation of around Rs 6,000 crore ($1.1 billion). Besides, Videocon also runs a telecom company, manufactures mobile phones, runs a retail business under Planet Retail and a DTH service with six million subscribers.In the early 1990s, when the government was opening up the oil sector for private participation, Dhoot went to RIL founder Dhirubhai Ambani to take his blessings as few dared to compete with the Ambanis then. \"Dhirubhai called both his sons - Mukesh &amp; Anil - and told them that he (Dhoot) is from the 'Zero Club' (a humble beginning) like us and wants to get into oil exploration. Please share with him the assets that we are not bidding...,\" Dhoot said, detailing his entry into oil. Ambani was a man he respects and is still very close to the family. Videocon got the Rava block, which has been producing black gold since then.During 2005, Dhoot grabbed headlines after taking over the colour picture tube businesses of French firm Thomson. Four years later, it faced its first setback when it had to shut its Italy unit. But he has tremendous appetite for risk taking. Soon after the Lehman collapse when liquidity was in short supply, Dhoot invested $100 million for a 10% stake in an oil field in Mozambique. It's worth $3 billion now.Ask Dhoot about the government's policy paralysis and he is quite matter-of-fact. \"Nowhere in the world you will get the kind of growth that India can offer. Reforms seem difficult at this time as they're seen as a pro-capitalist move. We, however, can't go back on tax promises.\" As for the future, while oil and gas would continue to drive growth for the group, Dhoot is also betting on telecom again, though his licences were canceled along with few others. He is also awaiting a policy to bid for coal blocks for his power business, which he has put on hold for now. \"I have burnt my fingers once now, there are no fingers left. So we will not bid unless there is a decision on coal allocation.\"The Upanishads and the Bhagwad Gita are the not the only thing that Dhoot is passionate about. He also plays the flute well. \"It has become an important part of my life. If I had not been a businessman, I would have been a flute player.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16107229", "title": "MS Dhoni's 'birthday gift' to Javagal Srinath", "text": "BANGALORE: Former India pacer Javagal Srinath could not have been blamed if he didn't feel like celebrating his 43rd birthday on Friday, the opening day of the second Test between India and New Zealand.Not after the 'gift' he received from Indian skipper MS Dhoni moments after the Indian side took to the field when asked to bowl first by Ross Taylor.For the first time in Indian cricket history, a spinner bowled the first ball of a Test, emulating Pakistan's Mohd Hafeez, who did it recently against Bangladesh, the first such instance the world over since the end of the second World War.Srinath, a true-blue fast bowler, who is never really bothered with niceties such as the slower delivery, would have felt worse as he is also the secretary of KSCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16089826", "title": "Defence picks holes in Wadala case", "text": "MUMBAI: The shoddy police probe in the case in which a 40-year-old man was pushed off a train, allegedly by four railway cops, allowed the defence counsel to pick holes in the case. A railway court on Friday remanded the four accused to judicial custody after their counsel provided CCTV footage which showed that they were present at different locations on the day of the incident. The accused\u2014RR Jedhe, VP Thakur, SS Patil and SM Manganor\u2014are presently under suspension.Habibullah Khan , the victim, had lost a leg in the mishap. \"Two of the accused were at Koparkhairane on August 18, the day of the incident, while the third was at Byculla. We procured CCTV footage of Koparkhairane and Byculla and produced it before court. The investigating officer confirmed, verbally, that the footage was correct,\" said the accused's counsel, K Holambe-Patil. \"We also explained to the court that if Khan had been pushed off the train, he would have fallen at a distance and his leg couldn't have been crushed by the same local. Besides, the accident memo at Tilak Nagar station says that Khan was hit by a train while trespassing.\"The accused have moved the sessions court for bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16108895", "title": "MCA 'accepts' Shetty's resignation", "text": "MUMBAI: Ratnakar Shetty, a former professor in chemistry from Wilson College, who worked his way up the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) ladder over 22 years to become its treasurer, secretary and vice-president, has 'resigned'.On Friday, the MCA managing committee met at its office in South Mumbai, to decide on Shetty's \"offer to quit\".Last week, following the passing away of union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, it had voted in favour of treasurer Ravi Savant to take over as the new president. Shetty, Savant's arch-rival for years, lost in the election and was so disappointed that he announced at the meeting that he 'will quit as MCA vice-president'.His verbal statement was recorded in the minutes of the meeting and, on Friday, the managing committee decided to treat it as a proposal and accepted it. Interestingly, Shetty didn't submit his resignation.MCA sources say Shetty would never be comfortable working under Savant and had to go. However, whether Shetty indeed wanted to quit or not remains a mystery. Time will tell whether his verbal 'threat' to resign that evening was indeed just that or simply a case of bad timing.The managing committee also elected Vinod Deshpande to replace Shetty as the vice-president. An election was held and Deshpande's nomination was contested by former India stumper Chandrakant Pandit, who lost on vote count.With Deshpande's promotion as vice-president, two vacancies have surfaced in the managing committee and they were filled by former India bowler Karsan Ghavri and Rajan Phaterphekar.Another former India bowler Balwinder Singh Sandhu was in the race for the managing committee post but MCA officials later clarified that Phaterphekar had succeeded after another round of voting. Ghavri was chosen unopposed.As things stand, former treasurer Savant is now the president, Deshpande replaces Shetty as vice-president, Mayank Khandwala has replaced Savant as treasurer and Ghavri and Phaterphekar are in the managing committee.Sources further inform that Shetty has resolved to fight his way back and has now set his eyes on the 2013 MCA elections, scheduled in eight months.In 1990, Shetty had joined the MCA managing committee as a member, the same year when Savant came in unopposed as treasurer. It is also for the first time in 11 years that these unexpected developments in MCA have occurred without a top politician at the helm.The BCCI CAORatnakar Shetty's term as BCCI's Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) comes to an end this September when the board conducts its Annual General Meeting. Speculation is rife that Shetty's term will neither be extended nor will the contract be renewed.If that happens, one of BCCI's and Mumbai's better known faces in cricket administration will remain without any official position for close to seven months. Only if Shetty contests the 2013 MCA election and manages to defeat his arch-rival Savant, will he get back into the scheme of things.It's ironical for a man who has constantly been blamed by a section of cricket administrators that his two roles, an honorary post in the MCA and a salaried job in the BCCI, were in serious conflict of interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096016", "title": "Left gagged by robbers, senior citizen dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior citizen allegedly suffocated to death after being bound and gagged by unidentified assailants at her east Delhi residence on Friday. The victim, Raj Rani (61), was found in her house in Geeta Colony by her daughter Kavita at around 9pm, unconscious and tied up, while the house was ransacked, police said.Kavita took her mother to Metro Hospital in Preet Vihar where Raj Rani was declared brought dead. Prima facie, the cause of Rani's death appears to be suffocation, said an official. According to police, unidentified assailants entered Rani's house, tied her hands, feet and stuffed cloth into her mouth. They then robbed the house, though the amount is yet to be ascertained. The victim was alone at her house at the time since her husband, Darshanlal, was at his garment shop in Krishna Nagar and Kavita had gone to a gurdwara.Neighbours had seen three middle-aged men dressed like sadhus roaming in the vicinity on Friday afternoon, sources in police told TOI. Raj Rani was religious and was seen speaking to one of the men outside her house once. Police are now looking at the possibility of these men gaining entry to her house on some religious pretext.\"A case of murder and robbery has been registered and further probe is on,\" said a senior police officer of the area. This incident is one of the many criminal cases that have taken place in east Delhi in the past two weeks. Moreover, a large number of these cases are yet to be solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16091228", "title": "Youth in love kidnapped, confined for 35 days", "text": "YAVATMAL: A 30-year-old youth from Darwha working for a travel company, who was kidnapped on June 13 from his Yavatmal office and kept in confinement for 35 days over a love affair, on Friday said he had lost faith in police and demanded to hand over investigations to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to bring the culprits to justice.Addressing a press conference at Tilak Smarak Mandir, Arun Sartape said he was kidnapped on the pretext of giving technical advice for internet operation and confined. He demanded the immediate arrest of the mastermind and three others who are absconding. Arun has been working for a local travel company for the last three years and used to come to Yavatmal for duty.The kidnapping is linked to his affair with an engineering student from Darwha now studying in Pune. Parents of the girl objected when her affair with Arun, who has studied up to standard XII, came to fore. However, Arun was not ready to succumb to pressure of the girl's parents and senior members of her community.Arun said a meeting of the community members of the girl was held under the chairmanship of ex-chief of Darwha Municipal Council and Congress leader Haribhau Gulhane. Arun claimed that Gulhane asked the youths of the community to teach Arun a lesson.When Arun was sitting at his Yavatmal office on June 13, Ashish Bhaurase (28), a resident of village Saikhed, came around 1.30pm and asked him to help in connecting internet to his laptop. Arun sent him back after assuring to reach his house at 4.30pm. Ashish came on a blue bike and took him to his rented house belonging to police inspector Umesh Chavan at Dattatray Nagar.Roshan Gulhane (22), a resident of Wardha, was sitting in the room with a laptop. No sooner an unsuspecting Arun went inside, Chandrajit Rumale (36) of Darwha, emerged from the other room with a clutch cable and tightened it around his neck while Ashish struck him with a hammer. When Arun collapsed, the duo dragged him to the other room and chained his legs, hands and started thrashing him. They rushed out and locked the room from outside when Arun fell unconscious.The kidnappers used to serve Arun a cup of rice and a few biscuits but would beat him up and threaten him of dire consequences if he did not give up his plan to marry the girl he was in love with.His father Vishnupant Sartape lodged a missing report with Darwha and Wadgaon Road police stations. The Wadgaon Road cops issued a search alert to all the police stations in the state on June 19.On the 35th day of his captivity, i.e. on July 18, the guard keeping watch on him went outside for some work. Taking advantage, Arun started shouting for help. A woman heard his shouts and went to the window. Arun narrated his plight after which she came with some men from the locality. They informed Wadgaon police and Arun was rescued.After recording the statement of Arun, the police registered criminal offences against Dinesh Toshniwal, Ashish Bhaurase, Chandrajit Rumale, Sakti Gulhane and Sanjay Gulhane, all residents of Darwha, under sections 364, 307, 343 and 34 of IPC and arrested them. The accused are now in judicial custody.Inset boxPolitical pressure at work?Arun Sartape, who was kept in confinement for 35 days, has named four more persons, including the Congress leader Haribhau Gulhane, for kidnapping. But there is no progress in investigations due to political pressure.Wadgaon Road police station officer Sarjerao Gaikwad confirmed the arrest of five accused and said they are investigating. \"Since it is the outcome of a love affair of two persons hailing from different communities, we have limitations,\" Sarjerao said. An FIR would be filed against the four others if the investigation proves their involvement, he said.Arun has now demanded the arrest of Haribhau Gulhane, Roshan Gulhane, Tushar Gulhane and Vicky Gulhane, who are absconding since the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16129810", "title": "RiRi rants as nightclub almost throws her out", "text": "Rihanna was almost thrown out of a London nightclub this week after jumping on a table and smashing it.According to The Sun, the doormen only allowed the star to remain in The Rose Club after her friends talked them round - but all the while, the pop star was yelling \"Don't they know who I am?\"The bouncers were forced to interfere in the singer's night out after she climbed onto the private table and then fell - sending bottles of champagne and glasses flying.As they pulled the Barbadian singer away from the scene, 300 party goers looked on, and a scene was made as her friends shouted at the doormen to leave her alone.\"They were trying to eject her when her girlfriends started screaming: 'That's Rihanna you idiots!'\" the Daily Mail quoted a friend as telling the newspaper.\"Ri was telling the bouncers to get off and there was a scuffle. I don't think they recognized her,\" the friend said.However, after her group of friends spoke to the men and made them realise who she was, the manager of the London hotspot apparently ordered free drinks for the group.Rihanna's behaviour may come as no surprise as she is known for her party-loving lifestyle.The singer continued her fun when she eventually decided to leave the club and was seen posing for waiting photographers next to a scooter, while her friend larked around in a motorcycle helmet.Wearing a pair of striking snakeskin thigh high boots teamed with a tiny dark red leather miniskirt, Rihanna had certainly dressed for a night out.She teamed the outfit with a black \"Trapstar\" sweatshirt and an ill-matched gold necklace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16099812", "title": "Assam: Riot-hit return to relief camps", "text": "GUWAHATI: Riot-hit Assam is quiet for two days now but more than 9,000 displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims, who had returned to their homes from relief camps over the last couple of weeks, have fled their homes yet again in the past 24 hours in Kokrajhar district, the epicenter of the conflict.The Kokrajhar district administration has now set up four new additional camps in Gosaigaon sub-division to house these 9,985 people, a home department status report said.The fleeing of these people came even as the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and the group of ministers (GOM) on Wednesday chalked out a two-phase rehabilitation plan for the riot-affected Bengali-speaking Muslims, who fled Bodo pockets and are now in relief camps. The state government on Friday accepted the joint decision taken by the BTC and GoM.Kokrajhar deputy commissioner Jayant Narlikar told TOI on Friday, \"These people had gone back to their homes from different relief camps but they have come back again to relief camps. They feel they are still low in confidence to stay back in their homes.\"With the addition of these 9,985 people the total number of relief camp inmates in four districts of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon and Chirang stood at 2,40,090 as on Friday. Elsewhere in the state, 5,104 people have left relief camps in Chirang district and 144 in Bongaigaon district.Narlikar said, \"We are in the process of starting the assessment for the rehabilitation of the displaced people. At present, the land document records are being compiled.\"According to the BTC and GoM joint decision, in the first phase only those who posses land ownership documents in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) and have their or their predecessors' names in 1971 voters list would be rehabilitated in BTC.Agriculture minister and government spokesman Nilamani Sen Deka, who is a member of the GoM said, \"The GoM has formally presented Wednesday's decision on the rehabilitation to the government. We now have to find a formula for the rehabilitation of those inmates of relief camps, who have neither land documents nor their names in the voters list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092450", "title": "Govt mulls separate board for tribals", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday announced that his government is setting up a separate board for inclusive growth of de-notified, nomadic and semi nomadic tribes in the state. Addressing a gathering of tribesmen of different communities on the occasion of 'Mukti Divas' at Udyog Madian here, the chief minister urged them focus to more on the education of their children.\"Our government has decided that Vimukat, nomadic and semi nomadic tribes should have a separate board in the government. It will be a government body with a fulltime chairman and members. This board will help in addressing your problems and issues and through it your voice will now reach the cabinet and the government,\" Gehlot said.The setting up of board is seen as to woo the de-notified, nomadic and semi nomadic tribes ahead of the state assembly elections in 2013. As per the 2001 census, the consortium of 52 tribes in Rajasthan has a population of around one crore and is the major vote bank of the Congress party.The chief minister in his address also appealed to the people from different tribes to focus on educating their children so that they can take advantage of government schemes. \"Without education, no caste has ever progressed. Educate your community so that you can progress in society and march along with the development of the country,\" Gehlot added.The tribes across the country celebrate August 31 as Mukti Divas. The day is observed to mark the occasion when in 1952 the first Prime Minister of India, Jawahar Lal Nehru, abolished the draconian law of Criminal Tribes Act formulated during the British rule.Rajasthan PCC chief Chandrabhan said the condition of tribes in the state are not very encouraging. \"It is very unfortunate that despite giving renowned artists to the country, people of your communities have no representation in politics and bureaucracy. To work for and serve you is the political duty which our party will certainly fulfill. We will give party posts at block and district levels,\" Chandrabhan said.The leaders of the tribal communities unanimously asserted that people belonging to their tribes should be given tickets in the upcoming elections. \"We have been staunch supporters of the Congress party. We expect our people to be in Parliament, legislative assembly and other political bodies,\" said Gopal Keshawat, state president of the Rajasthan Pardesh Congress Committee for de-notified, nomadic and semi nomadic tribes.'No need for me to speak during Sonia visit'PCC chief Chandrabhan played down the controversy of him not getting the opportunity to speak at Barmer on Thursday during Sonia Gandhi's visit. Chandrabhan who was sitting beside Gandhi was not invited to speak during the function. \"It was a government function and so I did not speak. Not only me but even Mukul Wasnik also did not speak. One should not read too much into it,\" said Chandrabhan, adding, \"The Congress president's visit was fruitful and the more she visits, the more the state will be benefited.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16088519", "title": "Indian Mujahideen plot: Karnataka cops arrest one from Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an intriguing twist to the arrest of 11 suspected terrorists in Bangalore on Thursday, the Karnataka police in the wee hours of Friday picked up a person from Misrigunj in Old City and charged him with being an associate of the accused. The State Counter Intelligence Cell and the Karnataka cops are also on the lookout for four others from the city who reportedly belong to the Karnataka module.According to sources, Obaidur Rahman, the person arrested, is a nephew of controversial cleric Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin of Saidabad. Rahman who was picked up from his residence in Gulshan-e-Iqbal Colony in Misrigunj, used to visit the Maulana, they said. The Karnataka police had arrested 11 alleged terror suspects including a DRDO scientist, a scribe of an English daily and a doctor, on the charge of plotting to carry out attacks on some prominent journalists and politicians. The suspects reportedly said that six of their associates are in the city.A team of Bangalore police landed in the city on Thursday night and with the assistance of CI Cell sleuths and local cops, they picked up Rahman in the wee hours of Friday.City police commissioner Anurag Sharma confirmed the arrest of Rahman and said, \"It was an operation of Bangalore police. We do not know the details.\"Meanwhile, in a law and order review meeting held on Friday evening in connection with the coming Ganesh festival, Sharma asked his officers to be on high alert. He also made a reference to the Bangalore arrests.Sources said that the officers were told to increase security for BJP leaders like Venkaiah Naidu, Kishan Reddy, Bandaru Dattatreya and a few others. At present, Venkaiah Naidu is having a Z category security whereas Kishan Reddy and Dattatreya have a 4+4 and 3+3 armed security respectively.They said that security will also be increased at VHP and Bajrang Dal offices in the city. Their leaders have been asked to remain alert. Police were asked to step up anti-sabotage measures near places of worship and houses and offices of BJP leaders.Since 2010, there have been recurring incidents of communal violence in Hyderabad. Earlier this year, city police arrested a group of Hindutva activists who had allegedly placed objectionable material at a temple to create communal divide through violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16121809", "title": "Jaya Ravindra to direct Sairam Shankar", "text": "The 'Bumper Offer' combo is all set to come back soon for an action drama. Jaya Ravindra, who earlier directed Sairam Shankar for \"Bumper Offer\" (2009), will be wielding the megaphone once again for the actor. Producer K Venugopal is bringing this combination together under Soudamini Creations banner while KVV Satyanarayana is presenting the film. An official announcement is expected soon on this film.Bumper Offer fared pretty well at the box office and Sairam's performance was critically acclaimed. The actor meanwhile is awaiting the release of his two films Romeo and Yamaho Yama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16119998", "title": "Gujarat midair crash: Deceased flight lieutenant\u2019s relatives, neighbours yet to come out of shock", "text": "THRISSUR: Annakara, a tiny village 15 kilometres away from the district headquarters, is yet to overcome from the gruesome tragedy in which Sreejith Maloor (24), a flight lieutenant from their village, perished after two Mi-17 helicopters collided mid-air during a live firing exercise at the Sarmat field range near the Jamnagar airbase in Gujarat on Thursday noon.A large number of villagers and relatives have been visiting Sreejith's ancestral house in the village ever since they came to know about the incident and his house now under renovation for his marriage planned for next year wore a gloomy silence.Neighbours said they were still coming to terms with the tragedy. \"I was completely shocked to know about Sreejith's death from the media. Sreejith was a very soft-spoken person and he spent most of his life in Banglore and visited Annakara only a few times. Though we the neighbors had very few interactions with him as his schedule was such that he used to come for only a few days, we all considered him as a champion in life and profession,\" said Madhu Chirakkal.Sreejith visited Annakara last month to attend a family function.Brought up in Yelahanka, Bangalore, Sreejith joined National Defence Academy, Pune after completing his schooling in Kendriya Vidyalaya, Banglore much against the wishes of his parents, who had wanted to see the youth become an engineer.\"Sreejith was really keen on Air Force, and even though the entire family was against it, he joined NDA, Pune,\" said Sreejith's father Krishnankutty, who was working in Banglore as private secretary to the chief mechanical engineer in railways. Sreejith's mother Umadevi (Nandini) is a housewife and he has an elder sister Sindhu who is settled in Dubai .Sreejith was strictly reserved to family and a valiant hero, said his elder cousin Bhadradas Menon. \"He wanted to start a trend in our family. He always used to tell children in our family to join in any form of defence force,\" said Bhadradas.\"As a child he wanted to be a 'flying machine', and as he grew up, speed and accuracy were his mean concerns, and Air Force his dream career option,\" recollected Bhadradas Menon, who is settled in Mumbai.Sreejith's close friend in the village, 27-year-old Libin, shared fond memories about the officer. \"He had called me the day before he died. He wanted to visit Sabarimala hill shrine in December. To my knowledge, he has never visited the temple. He wanted me to accompany him. It feels sad that his wish to visit Sabarimala will never be accomplished,\" he said.Libin, who stays opposite Sreejith's house at Annakara, is a construction worker. He said it was Sreejith who first brought a professional cricket bat to Annakara. \"He was a fiery batsman, and taught us how to bowl the 'doosra' and googly,\" he said.\"He would show us the photographs of fighter planes and of his workplace. His narration about the work culture in force created a respect towards our national army units among common people like me in our village,\" said Libin.Sreejith's body that was brought from Gujarat to Kochi Naval Base by an Air Force aircraft was received by the relatives today morning at 7.30 a.m. Thrissur Collector PM Francis IAS said the last rites of the valiant flight lieutenant will be performed at the ancestral home on Saturday before noon. \"Around 50 air force officers are accompanying Sreejith's body which will be cremated before Saturday noon. A military guard of honour will be given before cremation,\" collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16126000", "title": "Thackeray family originally belonged to Bihar: Digvijaya's reaction to Raj's comments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raj Thackeray's comments threatening to brand Biharis as \"infiltrators\" have fuelled a controversy with leaders from various political parties slamming the MNS chief over the issue.Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said the Thackeray family itself belonged to Bihar and had settled in Dhar in Western Madhya Pradesh from where they migrated to Mumbai.\"If you look at the history of Mumbai, then it is a city of fishermen. Rest all have settled there from outside,\" Singh said.Thacekray had yesterday threatened to force Biharis out of Maharashtra if authorities in Bihar take legal action against Mumbai policemen who picked up a teenager from there without informing their counterparts in that state.Thackeray, whose party has often launched violent campaigns against Hindi-speaking people in Maharashtra, was reacting to reports that Bihar chief secretary Navin Kumar has written to Mumbai police commissioner voicing displeasure over the arrest of the youth for vandalising the martyr's memorial during Azad Maidan protest on August 11.Shivanand Tiwari, a senior leader of the ruling JD-U in Bihar, hit out at Congress over the issue suggesting that the ruling party at the Centre and in Maharashtra is propping up Thackeray and drew parallels with the rise of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale in Punjab during the terror days there.\"This (the conduct of Raj Thackeray ) is a challenge to the Constitutional authority. Thackeray says in Azad Maidan of Mumbai that the police commissioner should be transferred and it is done soon after. Does the Congress-led government in Maharashtra giving an impression that Thackeray bigger than the government there.\"I will request the Congress at the Centre as well as the Congress-led government in the state to learn from their experiences in Punjab, where they propped up Bhindranwale. They are creating extra Constitutional authorities and strengthening them. A time will come the same forces will destroy them like the demon Bhasmasur,\" Tewari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16103297", "title": "New state police chief DGP K S Balasubramanian assumes charge", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Converting the police force into a more citizen-friendly department is the first thing on the agenda of DGP K S Balasubramanian. The new state police chief assumed charge on Friday.Addressing reporters after assuming charge, Balasubramanian said that he would carry forward the steps initiated by his predecessor, retired DGP Jacob Punnoose, in this regard.Balasubramanian assumed the charge of DGP by receiving the official baton from the outgoing DGP Jacob Punnoose.He said that the state is having a citizen-centric government. Hence the police too needs to be citizen friendly. The police in the state is not facing any political intervention while discharging its duties and has the freedom to work without any external interferences, he added.Balasubramanian, who was earlier serving as the transport commissioner, said that transport minister Aryadan Mohammed would convene a meeting on Tuesday in the wake of the LPG tanker mishap at Chala in Kannur. The meeting would review procedures involved in issuing fitness certificates to tankers carrying hazardous materials. Earlier, both Balasubramanian and Punnoose paid floral tributes at the 'Smrithimandapam' on the premises of the police headquarters. Several senior police officers were present on the occasion. The other three DGP-rank officers, Kerala Police Academy director K G Premshanker, Kerala Police Housing Construction Corporation managing director K S Jangpangi and vigilance director Venugopal K Nair, were not present.Meanwhile, The outgoing state police chief JacobJacob Punnoose along with his wife Rebecca visited home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan's house in Kottayam on Friday. District police chief C Rajagopal along with wife Padma and A J Thomas, CI, West were also present.He paid the visit ahead of his retirement from the top post on Friday evening", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16104473", "title": "CBI starts probe into Bathinda land scam", "text": "BATHINDA: CBI on Friday began investigations into an alleged land scam in Bathinda that benefitted businessmen allegedly close to the Badal family.The CBI probe was ordered by Punjab and Haryana high court on August 8, on a petition filed by Jarnail Singh of Mandi Khurd village of Bathinda.The three-member CBI team took in its possession revenue documents from deputy commissioner and municipal corporation offices.Singh in his petition had alleged that three businessmen, including Yadwinder Singh, who is close to revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia, brother-in-law of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , got benefitted by around Rs 5.63 crore through this land acquisition, which resulted in losses in crores of rupees to the state exchequer.The petition stated that the government could have used around 36 acres of land it had in Bathinda for setting up a waste management plant.However, the government, instead of using the vacant land, decided to acquire land in Mandi Khurd village just to benefit the businessmen, the petition had alleged.While Majithia is the state president of Youth Akali Dal (YAD), an outfit floated by ruling Shiromani Akali Dal , Yadwinder is the YAD president of Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16101635", "title": "Police cover for Emerging Kerala Summit", "text": "KOCHI: The city will soon look like a fortress with the city cops planning to deploy over 3,000 policemen for the Emerging Kerala Summit to be held from September 12 to 14.The security is being beefed up especially in the wake of prime minister and foreign dignitaries, including ministers from around a dozen countries, planning to attend the event.The venue of the event, Hotel Le Meridian, will be totally under the police watch. Bomb detection and disposal squad, dog squad, commando units and fire and rescue personnel will be deployed at the hotel.\"We had stepped up the security in the city during Onam itself. Now we will deploy more cops to ensure security,\" said T Gopalakrishna Pillai, deputy police commissioner, Kochi. In a bid to cover more areas, cops are planning to install more surveillance cameras across the city.Commandos and intelligence officals will accompany delegates to and from the venue. Police sources said around 2,000 policemen from other districts and Armed Reserve Camps would also be deployed.Special checks will be conducted in railway stations, bus stations, shopping malls and airport.Cops have already advised all hotels in the city to keep the address and identity proof of their guests.Details of the vehicles arriving and leaving the city will be captured using high-definition cameras.Police will be deployed for streamlining traffic in the city during the event. Special security will be provided to hotels where VVIPs will be put up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100505", "title": "'Implementing gender justice a concern in India'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Senior faculty members of various universities shared their views on vital issues concerning how to execute gender justice in India, which is a big question for both policy-making bodies and implementing agencies. The issue was discussed in the lecture series, jointly organised by the Rajiv Gandhi Chair in Contemporary Studies, UGC-SAP, Department of Political Science and Institute of Gandhian Thought and Peace Studies, of Allahabad University.The experts were of the view that our patriarchal society institutionalized the dominance on women even in the modern era and in the hierarchical structure of power, gender became an important component. Speaking at a lecture on 'Conflict from the perspective of people living close to border', Dr Mohita Bhatia, of the Cambridge University , shared her personal experience in Jammu. She discussed the ambiguity in the sense of nationalism of common people. She quoted some conversation with the local populace and underlined their urge for 'soft border' between India and Pakistan .Prof M P Dube, Dean, Faculty of Arts discussed the importance of gender justice in the present phase of globalization where we cannot ignore women work force. He regretted that women are symbolized as mother or daughter or sister, but never as an agent of development.Prof Rekha Chowdhary, Department of Political Science, University of Jammu, underlined the issue of women victimization in different spheres of life and suggested some ways to overcome it. Identifying different markers of women marginalisation, Prof Chowdhary said societal gaze always invisibly controls women behavior and position in every field even in the modern era.Prof Chowdhary shared her personal experience about gender justice in Jammu and Kashmir also. According to her, women are very much visible in the mass movement of Kashmir and they are politically quite aware. But, gender issues never come to the forefront of the Kashmir political agenda and the women continued to be victimized, both at the hands of state and militants.Academicians who were present on the lecture included Prof Krishna Gupta, Prof Rajpal Budania, Prof Sumita Parmar, Prof Ranjana Kakkar, Dr Avinash Srivastava, Dr Anuradha Agarwal, Dr Kamlesh Gupta, Dr Ashish Saxena, Akhilesh Mishra and Dr Rajesh Singh among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16094097", "title": "4 held in Nanded for links to terror cell busted in Karnataka", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Friday arrested four men in Nanded city who were allegedly in contact with the 11 men arrested in Karnataka on Wednesday for planning terror attacks.Navinchandra Reddy, superintendent of police (ATS), confirmed that some men had been arrested but refused to elaborate further or name the places from where they had been picked up.ATS sources said the four men, who are suspected to have links with terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba, are in the 20-25 age group. The ATS was keeping an eye on their activities for over a year. All four are said to be residents of an old Nanded locality, the sources said.According to the sources, the four men were planning to target right-wing Hindutva leaders to incite communal tension and clashes, as bomb blasts in different parts of the country had failed to spark communal conflicts. The sources said the men had their passports ready to escape from the country after executing their plan. The ATS officials also recovered a country-made revolver from one of the men.After their arrest, the four were taken to the government medical college and hospital for a medical examination and were later brought back to the ATS office for further questioning. They will be produced before the special ATS court on Saturday, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji/bicholim", "code": "16092663", "title": "Rain stays shy of 100 inch mark", "text": "PANAJI/BICHOLIM: The total rainfall this season crawled closer to the 100-inch mark on Friday morning after being in the 'nervous nineties' for almost a week. Meteorological centre officials expressed satisfaction about a normal season so far. There was some flooding in Bicholim taluka and all four gates on Anjunem dam were opened to release water.The seasonal total recorded till Friday morning, was 2443.0mm (about 96 inches). \"The total had crossed 2357.0 (about 90 inches) on Monday,\" meteorological centre director KV Singh said. Till Sunday, the met centre had recorded 2211.2mm of rainfall (below 90 inches).It may take another couple of days for the total to reach the century mark. \"Last year, the total seasonal rainfall had touched 2484.7mm (almost 100 inches) on September 1, 2011,\" Singh said. The decrease in rain on Wednesday and Thursday weakened the surge towards the 100-inch mark. \"Rainfall is normal so far,\" Singh said.The agriculture department said present weather conditions are suitable for the paddy crop. \"It is the ear head formation stage and there is sufficient water in the fields,\" agriculture director SP Tendulkar said. He added that if heavy rains continue for another week, there may be a problem water stagnation in low-lying areas. \"At this stage, occasional showers are required for irrigation,\" Tendulkar said.Bicholim taluka saw water logging in low-lying areas like Bandarwada, Gaonkarwada and Piddukkarwada. At Ekata Nagar, Sarvan, rain water entered the house of Sunita Sawant which was mainly due to faulty construction of a roadside gutter by PWD. The road was also waterlogged.\"The Ekta Nagar association had submitted a memo to Bicholim mamlatdar to take steps with regards to the repairs of roadside gutter. The authorities didn't act,\" Sawant said.The water level at Anjunem dam reached 92.665 meters and water is being released through all four gates. There is no danger of flooding Anjunem dam authorities said. The water level at Walwanti river also increased by two meters.Rains caused damage to the road from Siolim to Mandrem, which has been washed away at Agarwada and Mandrem. Low-lying areas at Sanquelim were also flooded.The met centre has forecast possibility of heavy showers in isolated areas and issued a warning to fishermen not to venture out to sea as wind speeds are likely to be 45 to 50 kmph, touching 60 kmph in gusts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16105113", "title": "Tripura hospitals prepare to handle dengue cases", "text": "AGARTALA: All public hospitals in Tripura have been put on alert to handle any case of dengue and also to monitor the outbreak of dengue in the state, health minister Tapan Chakraborty said here on Friday. This came in the wake of the worst-ever dengue outbreak in Kolkata.\"Everyday more than 300 people travel to and from Kolkata. There is every chance of the virus being brought to the state. However, no such case has been reported in the state,\" Chakraborty stated, adding there was no reason for panic.He appealed to the people to consult a doctor immediately in case of any symptoms of the fever. The minister informed that there were no reports of anyone staying at Tripura Bhavan in Kolkata being tested positive, but the concerned authorities have been directed to take precaution. Dengue fever is a seasonal viral infection caused by aedes aegypti mosquitoes. It causes headache , high fever, exhaustion, severe muscle and joint pain, swollen glands and rash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16097249", "title": "Fluorescent boards to adorn Madurai city", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has decided to erect fluorescent boards displaying the name of roads and streets.The city corporation council passed a resolution giving the go-ahead for erecting the boards that feature the name and details of streets and roads in the civic body limits. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa told the council that a sum of Rs four crore would be spent for erection of the boards replacing the older ones that are not visible during dark hours. The corporation officials rationalised the decision that besides helping tourists and even residents of Madurai, the illuminated name boards would add to the beauty of the growing city.As part of the plan, Rs 99.5 lakh would be spent in zones one and four, while Rs 90 lakh would be spent in zones two and three. The state government has sanctioned the sum and chief minister J Jayalalithaa had instructed the civic body to install the name boards, the resolution adopted in the corporation council said.A corporation official said that enumeration is on for erecting the display boards. While all key roads and streets that have old boards would get the illuminated ones, new streets would also be identified for erection of the fluorescent boards. Tenders would be invited for the purpose shortly.The city corporation has already chalked out a plan for a brighter city under which 4,000 new streetlights would be erected at a cost of Rs 19 crore and the proposal has been sent to government's nod. Works is also underway to automate street lights in zone one of the corporation for Rs 75 lakh besides establishment of high mast lamps at key junctions like Koodalagar Temple, Simmakkal, Tamilsangam Road and Mahatma Gandhi Nagar bus stop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16104925", "title": "'All north-eastern states should unite for development'", "text": "SHILLONG: Union minister of state for development of north eastern region (DoNER) Paban Singh Ghatowar said the North Eastern Region Vision-2020 document released by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in July, 2008, continues to be a template for promoting development in the North-East.\"Assessment of requirement of infrastructural projects in north eastern states is a continuously evolving planning and policy formulation exercise and requires consultation and participation of state governments, Centre and other stakeholders,\" he said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Friday.According to an official release, the minister informed that 17 thematic groups were constituted by the Doner minister to work out an action plan to operationalize the vision based on different disciplines and sectors outlined in the Vision-2020 document. These groups presented their findings for working out detailed action plan for development of North-Eastern region in the meeting held in Shillong on December 3 and 4, 2008.\"The views of thematic groups were put together for implementation by ministries concerned and those ministries are being pursued by Doner and North Eastern Council (NEC) to implement the action plan in relevant fields,\" Ghatowar said. He informed that ministries are invited to spell out their development plans and ongoing activities in North Eastern Region in NEC meetings.Ghatowar said Vision 2020 sets a target of additional investment of around Rs 13,29,891 crore at 2006-07 prices in the North East from 2007-08 to 2019-20 to bring growth rates in the region at par with overall national growth rates.\"Estimated investment is placed at Rs 2, 11,613 crore during 11th Plan; Rs 505,499 crore during 12th Plan and Rs 612,779 crore during first three years of 13th Plan period. During 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12) actual plan outlay for NER through sources of funding works out to Rs 184,155 crore, which does not include private sector investment,\" an official release stated. The projected requirement for 12th Five Year Plan of (NEC) is Rs 21,507 crore, the release quoted the Union Doner minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16106715", "title": "Gangetic dolphin spotted", "text": "KANPUR: The fishermen in the upstream of Ganga Barrage witnessed 'Gangetic Dolphin' in the river which is flooded by water these days. Interestingly, the presence of the dolphin was confirmed by not only the fishermen but also by the nature lovers who frequent Ganga Barrage. For fishermen community, the big fish had become a centre of amusement.The sighting of the dolphin (declared as national aquatic animal by the Indian government) in Ganga has given a reason to the wildlife lovers to smile. \"We have spotted the dolphin swirling in the waves,\" informed a fisherman.Several other fishermen spotted it. Wild life enthusiast, Ranvir Singh, who witnessed the dolphin in the upstream of river, said, \"it is rare to see a dolphin here and I am lucky to have spotted one.\"Javed, who sighted the dolphin remarked, \"need of the hour is to protect the Dolphins from dying out as their numbers are dwindling every passing day. There is more than 10 percent decline in the population of Dolphins annually and to protect it, existing laws must be strictly enforced.\"City-based wildlife lovers, Neeraj Mishra, Capt Praveen Chopra and Gita Randhawa too expressed concern over the declining population of Gangetic Dolphins and said if Dolphins will be neglected, it would get confined to books very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094612", "title": "4 members of crime syndicate get rigorous imprisonment, fined Rs 10 lakh each", "text": "PUNE: The special court here on Friday sentenced two gangsters of a four-member gang to seven years rigorous imprisonment, while the other two received five years rigorous imprisonment, with a fine of Rs 10 lakh each being imposed on them for running an organised crime syndicate in Kondhwa in 2010.The convicts sentenced to seven years rigorous imprisonment are Shahbaz Khan (21) of Kondhwa and Shadab Shaikh (20) of Nana Peth. Their associates Taher alias Lala Sharif Shaikh (22) of Bhawani Peth and Shoaib Muneer Shaikh (22) of Nana Peth were sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment.Special public prosecutor Subhash Kalbhor said that around 8.20 pm on August 7, 2010, steel trader Hansraj Singhal was driving home from his godown in Handewadi. Singhal was carrying Rs 12 lakh with him. Two bikers blocked his car and threatened him with a knife. Soon after, a third person joined them and the trio fled in Singhal's car with the Rs 12 lakh and his two mobile phones.Singhal had lodged a robbery complaint with the Kondhwa police station. The four accused were arrested 18 days later. The police managed to recover Rs 3.17 lakh, two cars - including Singhal's, and a motorcycle.Kalbhor said that investigations revealed that the convicts had formed an organised crime syndicate for committing serious crimes in Kondhwa area. Shahbaz was the leader of the gang. There were four cases each against Shahbaz and Shadab and one each against Taher and Shoaib at the time of the robbery.Special judge S P Tavade had relied on the testimony of 15 witnesses including the then police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar and the then deputy inspector general of police (north region) Sanjeev Lathkar since they had granted permission for invoking the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) and filing the chargesheet against the accused.The prosecution had also relied on the evidence of assistant commissioner of police (Wanowrie division) Vitthal Pawar who had investigated the case with the assistance of senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis and inspector Milind Thosar from the Kondhwa police and others.After the court verdict, Pawar told TOI that action under MCOCA had helped the police eliminate the organised crime syndicate operating in Kondhwa area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089256", "title": "Bulky accreditation dossier stumps CBSE schools", "text": "NAGPUR: The school accreditation dossier, which spans over 250 pages, sent by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has clearly succeeded in intimidating the affiliated institutes. The board has now made it mandatory for every school to get accreditation once in three years. Schools have been asked to conduct a self evaluation, based on the parameters mentioned in the CBSE dossier. This will later be verified by an accreditation team empanelled by the board.A principal from a school in the city, who did not wish to be named, said, \"One of the questions in the dossier asks whether school benches have rounded edges, and it seriously took me some time to recall what shape are ours! The dossier is so comprehensive that it will be months, or maybe a year, before we will be able to complete the evaluation.\"Since the accreditation has to be done once in every three years, every school does have time on its hands. Another principal, said, \"The questionnaire is a very detailed one. So many small points have been mentioned that one has to be careful while evaluating. The dossier asks whether the principal conducts an orientation for the new staff followed by a departmental meeting, drawing on the guidelines available. We have to show evidence of such a meeting as well.\"What the principal was trying to imply is that the CBSE schools are already burdened with too much paperwork and if they happen to miss a follow up departmental meeting then they will not get any marks for even the orientation program as well.Unlike the accreditation pattern of colleges, CBSE won't be ranking schools.In the preface of the dossier, CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi says accreditation \"will not involve ranking institutions, but rather, will establish a level of acceptable quality for all accredited institutions\". He adds that the process is a means of demonstrating confidence in the schools' purpose, performance, and human and financial resources. The goals are effectiveness, improvement and public assurance\".Basically accreditation of schools will indicate that the institution has conducted a self-evaluation of all its programs and processes. Joshi writes that \"internal school accountability is far more important and critical than external demands. Accreditation is also considered to be an independent tool available to parents and other stakeholders to know about school's quality\".There are about seven domains for which schools will be accredited. A principal, said, \"There are 11 sub-domains with over 200 questions. I think we all have our task cut-out and it is good that this has to be done once in three years, as completing the forms alone will take that much time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16104938", "title": "Harvard University: 125 students may have cheated in final exam", "text": "NEW YORK: About 125 Harvard University undergraduates are being investigated for cheating in a final examination last year, the largest academic misconduct scandal in the prestigious institution's history.The Harvard College administrative board is reviewing the allegations of \"academic dishonesty\" , ranging from \"inappropriate collaboration to outright plagiarism , on a take-home final exam\" , dean of undergraduate education Jay Harris said in a note sent to students.A comprehensive review of every exam from the class found that nearly half of the 279 enrolled students may have worked together in groups to develop and share answers. Harris said the magnitude of the case is \"unprecedented in anyone's living memory\". The students whose work is under review have been contacted by the board, which will meet with each student separately seeking to understand all the relevant facts and to determine whether any faculty rules were violated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16072303", "title": "Lenovo to launch smartphones in India: Report", "text": "The world's second-largest computer maker Lenovo is all set to launch smartphones in India. According to a report in Bloomberg BusinessWeek , the company \"will bring smartphones to India, the Philippines and Indonesia to gain more heft and experience before entering developed markets such as the US.\"Lenovo entered the smartphone segment in China around two years ago. According to recent IDC data, domestic vendor Lenovo has knocked off Apple from its second place in China, the world's largest mobile market.Lenovo, which makes the LePhone, took 11 percent market share in China in the second quarter, up from a single-digit percentage in the first quarter when it was ranked 7th, the data showed. Samsung Electronics retained its lead in the Chinese smartphone market with a share of around 16 percent, little changed from the first quarter. Apple ranked 4th.Global handset vendors, such as Samsung and Nokia, have been chasing increased market share in China, where there are more than 1 billion mobile subscribers. China is set to overtake the United States as the world's largest smartphone market this year.A recent report by research house Gartner said that Lenovo is the biggest vendor of personal computers in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16132215", "title": "MSRTC to introduce catering in Mumbai-Pune Volvos", "text": "MUMBAI: This could be good news for bus commuters as the MSRTC will soon introduce a catering service in Shivneri buses ferrying passengers daily from Mumbai to Pune.Sources said there were plans to sell snacks and soft beverages, tea and coffee on board. \"This will ensure that passengers travelling in our AC Volvo buses need not alight at the scheduled halt for refreshments. He or she can order snacks and tea inside the bus,'' an official said.He further stated that this service will mainly benefit women passengers travelling alone and senior citizens. The MSRTC also plans to introduce LCD screens in the bus in near future.\"Apart from our 150 trips of Shivneri AC buses between Mumbai and Pune, we plan to deploy more Sheetal buses on this route in near future,'' an official said. The Sheetals are semi-luxury AC buses whose tickets are priced less than that of Shivneris and it gives AC travel to passengers at low cost. The prices of bus tickets may go up in coming months as the corporation has appointed a one-member Hakim committee to devise a new formula for fare hike.The MSRTC already increased its fares recently on all routes\u2014ordinary, express, semi-luxury and Shivneri (AC Volvos)\u2014by an average 6.25 %. Said MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor, \"The MSRTC was incurring a daily loss of about Rs 15 lakh due to the diesel hike and this forced the corporation to increase passenger fares.\" The Shivneri AC Volvo fare from Mumbai to Pune too went up by Rs 20 -- from existing Rs 320 to Rs 340. The fare from Borivli to Pune has increased from Rs 380 to Rs 400. The semi-luxury Sheetal bus service will now have tickets priced at Rs 244 (previously Rs 230) on Mumbai-Pune route. The newly launched AC Volvos from Mumbai to Nashik also witnessed a fare hike from Rs 264 to Rs 281 (Rs 17 rupees extra). Similarly, the Mumbai-Aurangabad fare is now Rs 579 instead of Rs Rs 544.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16103774", "title": "Preggers Teens: Trauma &amp; Tragedy", "text": "PATNA: The lifestyle spurred by exposure to the TV and internet coupled with women empowerment has also a side effect; that is, teenage pregnancy, says gynaecologist Purnima Jha.Dr Jha should know. For, the number of cases of teen pregnancies coming to her has been on the rise. Many others opt for 'pop-a-pill' measure while in rural areas quacks rule the roost. \"Every month I get three to four cases of pregnancies involving girls in the age group of 15 to 19 years,\" said Sarika Roy, another city gynaecologist.The pregnancy at teenage is medically harmful as well as hugely traumatic. \"A preggers 15-year-old from a village came to our clinic with her father. Hers was an advanced stage and we advised against abortion. She delivered a dead baby after which we discharged her,\" Dr Roy said and added she later heard unconfirmed reports that the unwed mom's kin pushed her before a running train to escape the social stigma.Counsellor Dr Varsha Singh has another tragic tale to tell you. A 15-year-old pregnant girl in a village would visit the PHC almost every day, complaining of fever or headache. She could not muster the courage to inform the doctor that she was not having her periods for months. Since the baby bump was getting bigger, she did reveal the reality the other day. \"But she committed suicide the very next day,\" Dr Singh said and added a good number of her 'patients' were those whose parents came to know about it only after the girl made an abortive attempt to end her life.\"In many cases,\" said psychologist Amardeeep Kumar, \"the trauma associated with pregnancy at teenage haunts the girl for long and, at times, gets heightened when she conceives a child even after getting married.Kumar recalled a girl, all of 14 years, was once brought to him for counselling. Though unwed, she was so emotionally attached with the baby in her womb that she was not allowing termination. She did after counselling and later accepted hers was an irrational thought.While village girls caught in this quagmire usually betray acute sense of shame and remorse, it is not so in case of most of the girls hailing from urban addresses. In many cases, these girls manage to pull the wool over the eyes of their parents who remain unaware while the girls get rid of the problem on their own. \"They come with friends - boys or girls, opt for termination and walk away,\" Dr Jha said.According to the doctors, self-medication is fraught with risks. Emergency contraceptive pills, to be taken within 72 hours of unprotected intercourse, are what the teens use commonly. \"But these pills are to be used rarely and in the worst of cases like rape to prevent pregnancy and that too under proper guidance of medical professionals,\" another doctor, not wishing to be named, told TOI.For, she said, these emergency contraceptive pills may lead to many side effects which include hormonal imbalances, erratic menstrual cycle and loss of blood leading to anaemia. Regular use of these pills may also cause cervical cancer and breast-related disorders. \"Further, these pills do not necessarily prevent pregnancy while the girls forget their worries after popping a pill. By the time the realization dawns on them, it is too late as the law of the land does not allow termination of pregnancies which are more than twenty weeks old,\" the doctor said and added unsafe sex might also lead to transmission of HIV+ or Hepatitis-B, which is 100 times more infectious than the former.In rural areas, the quack or the 'dai' use unscientific methods to flush out the foetus the remnants of which at times remain in the uterus. \"This can cause severe uterus infection and lead to life-threatening septicaemia known in common parlance as blood poisoning,\" gynaecologist Mayank Kumar Singh said and added such a girl might never become a mother due to blockage of fallopian tubes.But why do teenagers do this in the first place? Dr Singh blames it on hormonal surge, which is very natural at this age and which gives rise to curiosity. Ignorance about its implications also plays a role. \"While the internet is fuelling the fire, most of the parents continue with the traditional upbringing in which children are not told about the birds and the bees,\" Dr Singh rued and added many girls do not even know that they might end up conceiving a child after intercourse.But it is the girls who have to be cautious. \"Because it's they, not their boyfriends, who have to bear not only the child but also the trauma after such sexcapades,\" said Dr Varsha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16110372", "title": "Marriage palaces to promise no more traffic blocks", "text": "LUDHIANA: The commuters on city roads will breathe easy as they get relief from the traffic snarls they usually face outside marriage palaces in the city, whenever there is an event at these. Following a direction of the Punjab and Haryana high court, the district administration is set to take an undertaking from all the marriage palace owners that there will be no traffic blocks near the palaces because of marriage processions and haphazard parking. Deputy commissioner (DC) Rahul Tewari said the high court has directed the 21 DCs in the state to prepare data about number of marriage palaces in the state and check if all of these have permits. The DCs will also take an undertaking from each palace owner in their district about not causing any traffic snarls when hosting functions. \"I have directed the municipal corporation and Greater Ludhiana Administrative Development Authority (GLADA) officials to collect this information by September 3,\" said Tewari, adding, \"The marriage palaces constructed within city limits need to be permitted by the MC, while those outside the city need permission from GLADA.\" The direction has brought respite to residents, who are troubled by the lack of parking space at most of these palaces in the city. \"Half of the road is blocked by parked vehicles and the other half by crowded processions near the marriage palaces. This is troublesome not only for regular commuters on a route but also for the guests visiting the functions, too. The problem is grave on Pakhowal Road and Ferozepur Road,\" said New Sarabha Nagar Extension resident Anup Gupta. Rajguru Nagar resident Ashish Khanna, who works with a liquor brand, said, \"I have experienced being stuck in a jam caused near a marriage palace for over an hour and a half, while I missed my friend's wedding.\" Ferozepur Road and Pakhowal Road have the highest concentration of marriage palaces in the city and people choose not to ply on these roads during marriage seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095139", "title": "Coalgate: BJP plans Bofors-like campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing protests by SP and Left parties as \"part- protest, part-alliance\", opposition BJP on Friday said it will launch a nationwide \"Bofors-like campaign\" and force the UPA government to quit before 2014.In the wake of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's comments on Friday that he will not resign, BJP said the people of the country could not stand this government for long.\"If the prime minister is adamant on continuing in office, then people are also firm that this government should go. They will not wait for five years to be completed... Power given to a party is for ruling and not for committing scams,\" BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said.Hitting out at the SP chief's attempt to form a separate coalition of protestors, he said the agitation was \"part protest, part-alliance\". \"They cannot enjoy the fruits of power and protest against the government... there is a joint front of SP and Congress. Yadav gives uninterrupted power to Rae Bareli and Amethi,\" Hussain said.He added that this time, BJP would put up a fight against Congress which would be \"more fierce\" than the one seen during the Bofors scam.Challenging SP and other parties flocking with it including the Left, which had till last week coordinated with BJP, Hussain said unless the parties give it in writing to the President that they are no longer with the Congress-led UPA alliance, they will not be seen as opposed to Congress.\"Today, we have blown the bugle of the full-fledged fight against corruption against the UPA government from Parliament to the streets... We will create a situation where this government will have to quit power,\" he said.Though BJP did not press for tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai's resignation, the party said it was not surprised that he was not stepping down on his own as even the head of the government was not paying heed to the opposition's demand for him to quit.Meanwhile, BJP took the battle against the government over coal to the streets on Friday and will continue with it over the weekend.\"There is no doubt that this UPA government is most corrupt of all times. Earlier, Bofors scam was considered the biggest in which Rs 64 crore was taken as bribe,\" leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said at a dharna by BJP youth wing (BJYM).In the 2G scam, in which government lost around Rs 1.76 lakh crore as highlighted by the CAG, \"our prime minister said he was not directly responsible but now in the allocation of coal blocks, he is directly responsible as most of them were allocated during the period when the coal ministry was with him,\" Jaitley said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101413", "title": "Roads across Gurgaon to be repaired", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has planned to undertake a slew of works to widen and repair roads with an aim to ease traffic flow on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.Underthis project, a majority of the service lanes and slip roads running along the e-way will be widened.A meeting in this regard was held on August 28 in which officials from HUDA and traffic police participated. Sources said DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora and HUDA administrator inspected the expressway and subsequently asked the superintending and executive engineers concerned to undertake widening and repairing work. Rapid metro DGM also participated in the inspection.To start with, the HUDA will undertake the task of widening of road leading from Old Delhi-Gurgaon Road to IFFCO Chowk via Sector 17/18. Besides that, widening of slip road on Sector 17/18 road, merging with IFFCO Chowk will be done using a portion of green belt.There is also a plan to merge Sector 17/18 service road with expressway service road after using a portion of green belt near IFFCO Chowk.A U-turn is being planned from Sector 18 service road to expressway near, petrol pump. Instructions have been issued to widen service lane road in front of Ambience mall to DLF Phase III. This will be done after acquiring portion of land from DLF, running along the service lane.Also the road leading from DLF phase III to the expressway will be widened by using the land from green belt.Sector road from Shankar Chowk to DLF phase II will also be widened. Again, HUDA green belt in the service lane will be used. An alchol shop will also be relocated in this process.Moreover Rapid Metro has been asked to repair this damaged road. Dividers from two roads, from MG road to IFFCO metro station and from IFFCO metro station to IFFCO Chowk, will be removed.There is also a plan to upgrade the bus stop built at HUDA green belt near IFFCO Chowk with bus queue shelter and electric lights. Widening and removing of divider from slip road leading to the HUDA metro station and further to the expressway is also undertaken.Widening of slip road leading from expressway to Sector 30/31 near Jalvayu Vihar flyover has been undertaken. Removal of divider from the main road and the slip road will also be done. Vice versa, shifting of slip road leading from Sector 30/31 away from to the expressway will be %undertaken.Authoties will also repair barriers on both sides of the Jharsa flyover, besides widening slip road on both sides on the road, from expressway to Jharsa village. Dividers will be replaced with jersey barrier into order to widen it.There is also a plan to utilize the space available between Rajiv Chowk and Tau Devi Lal stadium.This will help in widening the slip road leading from Sector 38 to the expressway. Besides that, a slip road will be built leading from Sohna to expressway using air force land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094318", "title": "Mumbai stares at an over 30% rain deficit so far", "text": "MUMBAI: The past few days may have reminded Mumbaikars of what a normal monsoon feels like but, on the whole, August has been a disappointment. The meteorological department data for the month shows that both Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded 600mm less rain than the normal average.As on August 31, Colaba's rainfall deficit for the season stood at 38% while Santa Cruz's was at 31.2%. Colaba should have received 1,760mm and Santa Cruz 1,905mm till now, but the two Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) centres have received just 1,090mm and 1,303mm, respectively.In August, Colaba recorded 605.2mm rainfall and Santa Cruz 371.6mm.\"Though Mumbai has received less rainfall, there have been heavy showers in interior Maharashtra. Since sub-divisional rainfall matters more, the overall rainfall scenario of Madhya Maharashtra, Konkan and Goa is not too bad,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.Last year in August, Colaba had received 2,546mm and Santa Cruz 2,882mm till August 31, thus covering 114% and 110%, respectively, of the annual average rainfall. This year, though, Colaba has been able to cover only 47% of the annual average of 2,319mm and Santa Cruz 49% of the 2,670mm annual average.Over the years, August has seen even higher rainfall than 1,000mm. In 1983, for instance, Santa Cruz got 1,249mm in the month and in 1963, 1,022mm. The all-time record has been that of August 1958, at 1,254mm.The city, though, has hopeful precedents to look up to. In 2009\u2014known as a drought year\u2014the city got 556mm rainfall in September despite getting 390mm in August. In 1999 too, Mumbai got 372mm in September even though the rainfall for August was 173.1mm.The IMD though says \"there is a fat chance\" of bridging the gap. \"The deficit could be marginally narrowed. September, being the fag end of monsoon, generally does not see as much rain. We don't expect the deficit to be completely wiped out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16107312", "title": "We need politicians and bureaucrats who are not made immensely richer by a few years of service: Rajmohan Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: India can certainly do with politicians and civil servants who are not made immensely richer by a few years of \"service\". If a Lok Pal establishment can create honest politicians and civil servants, we would all dance with delight, said Rajmohan Gandhi, biographer and grandson of Mahatma Gandhi .Delivering the 14th Borker Memorial Lecture, on \"India 2047\", in New Delhi last week, Gandhi said he fully supported affirmative action by the state for the weak, but was opposed to any legal or constitutional inequality between communities.The scholar, who has written widely on the Indian independence movement and its leaders, Indo-Pakistan relations, human rights and conflict resolution, also said that India could not afford to be silent when issues of justice and freedom in other parts of the world were involved. \"We should certainly voice our opposition to ideologies of extremist intolerance, no matter their colour, and to terroristic methods of reaching political goals. But struggles for democracy and national independence and struggles against forced occupation, forcible settlements and coerced demographic changes - for instance, the struggles being waged today by Arabs in Palestine, which are backed by many Jews in Israel - should find support from India. That is not always the case\".Full text of Rajmohan Gandhi's 14th Borker Memorial Lecture:I thank the Borker brothers, Suhas and Shekhar, for this chance to give a lecture in memory of their father, the distinguished civil servant and public educator, Dwarkanath Sadashivrao Borker. Some of Mr Borker's peers had careers similar to his and like him exercised a wide range of responsibilities, but D.S. Borker stood out for launching two farsighted public campaigns: one for the physical education of India's young women and men, and another for safe spaces where children in India's towns could freely run and play.This evening we honour his memory and remember also Shekhar and Suhas's mother, the late Mohini Borker, who never forgot her student years at Lahore's Kinnaird College and worked until her passing for sanity in South Asia.As for Shekhar, Suhas, and Suhas's wife Sudha, they are quintessential citizens for democracy, demanding fairness and justice, and not taking no for an answer. And those who have met Hem and Girija know that the third generation too will make an impact.When I asked Suhas about the topic for this lecture, he was precise and inflexible: India 2047.Before 2047 arrives, I will be long gone, and any prophecies I make about what India will be like in 2047, or any vision I outline of what India should be like by that year, will have been totally forgotten. Nobody will bother to correct me - nobody will remember what to correct. Moreover, I will not be around to be corrected. I can therefore safely predict anything or dream anything.Hazily aware that there was a phrase somewhere about old men dreaming dreams, I googled, and found this from the Bible in the Book of Joel, Verse 28. The words are presented as coming from God:And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all humankind; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions. Now I am not sure that I was alert when the spirit of God was pouring his spirit on everyone, enabling everyone, including old men, to dream dreams - it is entirely possible that the potent drops meant for me were funneled by someone else.So this old man is extremely wary of predicting or dreaming. I would have much preferred, as a topic, India Nineteen Forty-seven. And this evening I may well touch upon some memories of that remote year, rather than on dreams of an imagined future year, for if Suhas can be categorical, I on my part can civilly disobey, and exercise freedom of the microphone.Whether preceding 2047 or 1947, the word 'India', however, remains in the title, and I will start with references to how some well-known persons have imagined India. Because these persons are famous and also, more often than not, controversial, it may be tempting to move the focus from what is said to who said it and why. I would urge listeners to resist that temptation and to keep the focus on the India being spoken of, rather than on the Indian who is speaking.I will touch on word-pictures drawn by Bankim, Iqbal, Tagore, Savarkar, Nehru and Gandhi.Bankim. Let me start with Sri Aurobindo's English rendering of Bankim's famous lines from Vande Mataram, written in the 1870s in Bengal, where the country, addressed as Mother, is seen as:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16089359", "title": "Farmers decry Mahatransco work", "text": "WARDHA: Installation of overhead power lines over agricultural fields in the district has become a bone of contention between the Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company Limited (Mahatransco) and the farmers.The work has been going on since last few months. Farmers, who claim that the work started without their consent, had also lodged complaint with the district collector.Aggrieved farmers are also demanding compensation from the company for the area that has been taken over for installing the towers. A farmer from Shirasgaon, Damodhar Ughade, told TOI that how can the company start work without taking land clearance. \"Mahatransco should have followed proper procedure.\"Rajesh Babhulkar, a production engineer who runs an agro-based processing unit on his 16 acre land at Bhankheda, is also facing similar problem. As per Mahatransco plan, tower no. 226 will be installed on his farm. He said, \"In June, I got a letter from Mahatransco informing that an overhead line is projected over my farm. When I questioned the company for starting work without survey and intimating the land owner, the officials threatened me.\" He alleged the officials are involved in malpractice as they are taking signs of farmers on blank panchanama.Documents in possession of TOI reveal that on June 15, 2012, Mahatransco had given a letter to the collector stating that it has permission to install the overhead lines. However, state deputy secretary Avinash Subhedar in his letter dated 12.7.2012 had given permission to the managing director of Mahatransco on August 6 under Electricity Act 2003, section 68. According to the farmers, the actual work started in June. In the same month, Kisan Adhikar Abhiyan had staged demonstrations to protest this work.SDO Harish Dharmik said, \"We do valuation according to government rules.\" However, farmers claimed that the valuation being done is not proper.D Agrawal, businessman and farmer, claimed that the documents submitted to the collector are forged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107166", "title": "Campaigning goes 24x7", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the date for student council polls nearing, contesting parties are busy canvassing for the polls, day and night. And needless to say that the supporters of Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) and Student Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) are leaving no stone unturned in vouching for their candidates. Late in the evening, supporters were seen heading to hostels and meeting students. Campaigning in groups is not allowed so they preferred to go individually. Student Harpreet Singh said, \"We have very little days left for campaigning as the code of conduct will be enforced soon. Thus many supporters are going room to room and asking students to vote for their party.\" Armed to lure votes, supporters are reportedly going from door to door to campaign for the upcoming polls. Sukhjinder Singh, who is a hosteller, said, \"Supporters of a contesting party came to my room and spent about 20 minutes with me, convincing me to vote for them by luring me with the planned facilities for hostlers.\" While supporters feel that late evenings are the best time to campaign in hostels. A supporter Ajay Kumar said, \"Late evenings are the best time to campaign as during the day we generally prefer addressing class or interacts with the group.\" Supporter Jaipal Singh said, \"Starting today till late September 6, every day and night is important. And we are making the most of our resources by chalking out election strategy and canvassing plans. Day would be for group campaigning while night would be reserved for individual canvassing.\" \"I was about to sleep when a supporter came and tried to convince me. I feel its good that they are canvassing door to door as we can inquire about their future plans for students and counter question them on these,\" said Naveen, a hosteller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16100222", "title": "MLAs express anger over railway apathy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Members in the Assembly on Friday expressed concern over the alleged step-motherly attitude of the railways towards Odisha, months after budgetary provisions meant for certain developmental works in the state were cut down after Mukul Ray succeeded Dinesh Trivedy as the railway minister.Both ruling BJD and opposition Congress agreed to the charges that Odisha does not gets due importance in the Railway Budget. There was even suggestion made in the House for a resolution to condemn the railway's skewed attitude towards the state. The Congress, however, held the BJD government equally responsible for the tardy progress in railway projects. \"The state government is also to be blamed for poor progress in railway works because in many cases it has failed to provide land in time. Let there be threadbare discussions on the issue in the House,\" leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh said.Odisha has all along protested against the railway for continuously allocating meagre money leading to slow progress in completion of ongoing projects. Many new projects have also not been able to take off, adding fuel to the growing public anger against the railway. A Planning Commission report sometime back had observed: \"It is most unfortunate that in a poor and backward state like Odisha, development of rail networks has received much less attention of the Central government in the post-independence period.\" Officials sources said barring three years rail budgets from 1992-93 till 2002-03 continuously gave less than Rs 200 crore. Though the allocations increased marginally, they were nevertheless too little to change the state's poor railway network scenario.The anti-railway feeling got a fresh lease of life recently following reports that the railway after Mukul Ray took over has cut down proposed expenditure to the tune of over Rs 148 crore on different projects. Those suffered under the new minister included doubling works of Raipur-Titilagarh-Sambalpur line, Jharsuguda-Rengali, Delanga-Puri, Sambalpur-Talcher, beside a bypass line at Sukinda Road and a flyover at Jharsuguda.The state government ahead of the 2012-13 railway budget had sent a list of high priority projects and requested the Centre to allocate at least Rs 2,345 crore for their early completion. The projects included six major railway lines, doubling works, funds for 12 new lines. This apart, the government had also urged the railway to introduce new trains so that the state could be well connected to country's different destinations. Officials said when the budget was presented the total allocation for projects in Odisha were worth not more than Rs 723 crore. \"The railway's attitude towards Odisha is quite unfortunate. It earns huge revenue of over Rs 8,500 crore from the state, but when it comes to allocating funds for developmental works the railways just throws a crumb,\" said BJD MLA Amar Satapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16131472", "title": "Milla Jovovich opens up about her past", "text": "Actress Milla Jovovich has opened up about her bad girl past, revealing that she was arrested as a youngster for using stolen credit cards.The 36-year-old star admits that her behaviour took a turn for the worse as she and her friends \"broke the law all the time\" by refusing to pay fares on buses - forcing police to get involved.\"I thought I was a bad girl when I was a kid. We broke the law all the time, getting onto buses without paying,\" the Daily Star quoted Jovovich as telling Empire magazine.\"We'd find wallets and use the credit cards on the weekends, then get arrested for it. I'm so stupid we actually got caught. Also, writing on walls - my name was Rile.\"The beauty, who's married to director Paul W. S. Anderson , also confessed that she still likes to rebel despite being a famous star.\"My gay husband and I - not Paul, but I have a gay husband on top of my husband - managed to steal a whole Lanesborough Hotel tea set.\"We got four cups and saucers, a sugar pot, a pot for cream and the only thing we didn't get was the teapot. This was all on different trips. But because we stole it, it's all broken.\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16098814", "title": "Youth beaten to death by close friend in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A 28-year-old youth Bablu Pandey of Khirgaon locality under Hazaribag sadar police station was allegedly beaten to death by his close friend Dinesh Yadav after a heated discussion between the two on Thursday night.Dinesh Kumar Singh, officer-in-charge of Hazaribag sadar police station said Yadav had asked for the keys of Pandey's motorcycle as he had some urgent work. But when Pandey refused to hand over his two wheeler, it led to an altercation between the two and the latter assaulted Pandey following which he fell on the ground and lost his consciousness.On getting information, local residents and his relatives rushed Pandey to the sadar hospital from where he was referred to RIMS, Ranchi for better treatment. However he succumbed to his injuries on Thursday night. Police said when the dead body was brought to Hazaribag on Friday, the relatives of the deceased sat on dharna in front of the Yadav's residence and started shouting slogans demanding his arrest. However, police reached the spot and pacified the agitated mob with the assurance that the culprit will not be spared. Pandey's body has been sent for post-mortem.The police said that after the incident, an FIR was lodged by the relatives of the deceased and on the basis of the complaint, a case of murder has been registered with the Hazaribag sadar police station. Police also confirmed that the accused is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "16100097", "title": "Mild quake jolts Angul", "text": "ANGUL: A low-intensity earthquake shook Angul and its adjoining areas at 9:14 am on Friday forcing panic-stricken people out of their homes and offices.The quake, having its epicentre in Angul at latitude 24.8 North and longitude 85 East, measured 3.7 on the Richter scale. No loss of life or property was reported.The tremors were felt in Talcher, Angul, Chhendipada, Bagedia and other parts of the district for a little over three seconds. Sudhansu Sekhara Dash, a resident of Angul, said, \"I was at my home. Suddenly, I heard some noises and came out of my home. Later, I came to know it was an earthquake.\" Bibhasini Behera, another Angul resident, said, \"We came out of our houses as soon as we felt the tremors. A few schools and offices, too, were evacuated.\"However, district emergency officer Niroda Kumar Mishra assured the people that there was no reason to panic as Angul was located in seismic zone-III.\"The area is not prone to earthquakes of high intensity and is very unlikely to witness quakes with magnitude of over 4.5 to 6 on the Richter scale,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099186", "title": "Over 800 cases of disabled redressed in awareness camps", "text": "RANCHI: The grievance redress camp for the differently-abled people, organized for the first time in Ghatshila and Seraikela-Kharswan, received a good response. It was a two-day event which began on August 29. About 700 people attended the programme in Ghatshila and approximately 400 complaints were redressed in the camp itself. On the other hand, more than 1000 people participated in the campaign in Seraikela-Kharsawan and 450 cases were disposed of.The awareness camp was organized by the office of state disability commissioner in association with the district officers. The camp helped in creating awareness about the schemes run by the government. State disability commissioner Satish Chandra said, \"The grievance redress model under the People with Disability (PWD) Act 1995 of Jharkhand is also followed by the central government. The main objective behind the camp is to create awareness among the rural sections of society.\"A number of cases were brought to this camp and many of them were sorted out on the spot. Chandra informed, \"People complained that pension was not being paid on time. Under the Indira Awas Yojana, there is a provision of 3% reservation for the differently-abled people and many complained that they were not getting their due benefits. There were also demands of including such people in the BPL card list. In Ghatsila, the differently abled people working for Hindustan Copper Limited Company (HCL) were not getting family pension, he said.Besides, some of them were also conferred disability certificates in the camp. In Ghatsila, 124 physically-challenged people demanded bicycle, of which 70 to 75 requests were granted. \"The deserving ones would get their bicycles after a month. We will try our best to reach out to as many people as we can. The camps in the two districts received a good response,\" Chandra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16093969", "title": "Bail to Delhi BJP chief in defamation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday granted bail to Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta in a defamation case filed against him by chief minister Sheila Dikshit amid high drama after the lawyers got into an altercation with the judge.The metropolitan magistrate granted bail to Gupta on a bail bond of Rs 15,000 with one surety of like amount, after he personally appeared before it in response to the summons issued to him earlier in the case.The drama started in the court room when Dikshit's counsel Mehmood Pracha filed an application seeking exemption for her from personal appearance for the day. The plea was opposed by Gupta's lawyers.\"How can the court allow the exemption application of the chief minister, she should also be asked to be present in the court on each hearing as she is the complainant in the case,\" Gupta's advocates Ajay Digpaul, Neeraj Kumar and Abhay Kumar Verma contended.They also argued that the manner in which the chief minister had earlier recorded her 15-page statement in the court in just 10 minutes was \"suspicious\" and it seemed that she had already written her statement and submitted it before the judge when she made her personal appearance.The court, however, allowed Dikshit's plea for the day's exemption in the case. This was opposed by Gupta's counsel, who said: \"The judge cannot pass such order\".The judge then asked everyone, except the arguing counsels for the two parties, to vacate the court room. Around 20 lawyers and other members of the Saket court bar association, who were present in the court room, raised strong objection to the judge's move.Even the advocates assisting Gupta's counsel were asked to leave. One of them said, \"We are officers of the court and even we are related to the case. Why should we leave the court room?\"Irked over the lawyers' reaction, the magistrate said it was her courtroom and she could give any direction. She adjourned the matter to the next date of hearing, October 12.Agitated over the judge's move of passing the order without hearing them, Digpaul said, \"Your (magistrate) statement is contentious. If you cannot hear the case, please transfer it to another court but do not call the lawyers a crowd.\"The battery of lawyers appearing for the BJP leader then went to the court of district judge RK Gauba to complain against the magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16092980", "title": "PWD contractors threaten stir if govt fails to pay pending bills in a month's time", "text": "MARGAO: Contractors rallying under the banner of the newly formed 'Goa PWD contractors' forum for justice and action' have expressed their resentment over the undue delay by the government in effecting payments of the bills submitted by them.President of the association, Raju Iyer, addressing media persons after a meeting of the association members, said that they will launch a protest if the payments are not received within a month's time.Iyer maintained that the electronic mode of inviting and processing tenders introduced by the PWD recently was adding to the delay of the payments. It also imposed additional financial burden on the contractors, he said.\"In the e-tendering mode, the contractors have to shell out 4,500 to 5,000 as fees and another 0.1% of the tender amount as processing fees,\" Iyer said. \"Goa is a small state and can do without such a sophisticated system. We are already burdened with so many other taxes.\" The forum has demanded that at least lower category of contractors like class III and class IV be exempted from the e-tendering process.Iyer said that a delegation of the forum will soon meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar and the PWD minister to press for their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122545", "title": "Why do some city DJs wanna change tracks?", "text": "The job of a disc jockey is perceived by many to be glamorous, and this has inspired a lot of youngsters to take it up as a profession. Though Bangalore is one of the few cities in the country that produces talents of international stature, there seems to be a sense of disillusionment among city DJs, or else why would they be making alternative career plans?While the not-so-happening nightlife of the city might be one of the reasons for this trend, another significant reason could be the cut-throat competition among the DJ fraternity in the city. Though some are confident that their talent as DJs will see them create a niche for themselves, there is a palpable sense of insecurity among others.City not conducive to DJing One of the obvious reasons is that the present nightlife scenario fails to inspire the confidence to take up DJing as a career path. DJ Deepak, who has been in the industry for a decade now, says, \"One way to look at it is that the scene in Bangalore right now isn't conducive to our profession. One must have an alternative career, especially to maintain the kind of lifestyle we are used to here.\" Deepak adds, \"Internationally, there is so much happening on the music production front that nowadays mixing music isn't enough; one should also make music. This is why a lot of DJs are getting into music production. I was a cricketer, and DJing happened to me by accident, but when people ask me my profession, I've always said I'm a DJ. Now I am learning music production,\" he says.It's the route to take Sasha, a well-known DJ in the city, is now running an event management company that he worked over the years to set up. Says Sasha, \"From the time I started in the industry, I have built a good network of contacts. Gradually, I branched out into doing events for them. And before I knew it, I got quite immersed in event management. One needs to make use of the opportunities. When people used to ask me to play for an event, I thought that instead of using a third party for sound equipment or events, I should be providing those services.\" He adds, \"The career lasts as long as you can pull it off and I don't want to be DJing when I am in my fifties. But it all depends on individual perspective.\"Extra Income DJ Mohasin, who is one of the younger DJs in town, is also a businessman. He says, \"Who doesn't want to have an extra income? Everyone wants to lead a good lifestyle and afford at least one trip abroad every year, and being a DJ might not be enough. I have my finances sorted. I have a business and I play at gigs. I believe in working hard and partying harder and I don't like to keep all my eggs in one basket.\"Using your resources Entertainment professional Rohit Barker has been there and done that. Today, he wears many different hats. Rohit says, \"I had the bandwidth and the expertise to try out various areas of entertainment, be it being an RJ, or DJ, or VJ, or doing events. It is a question of loving what you do and not because it is cool. Stick to your talent and carve a niche for yourself. I was lucky to be able to use my gift and managed to juggle various aspects of my career. I started with radio and stuck to it as my mainstay, and handled other areas too. It is, really, all about having talent.\"Need dedication To be a full-time DJ, one needs dedication. However, it is not always possible to have that kind of time or patience to give to the profession. Jasmeet, who has always been a DJ without trying any alternative careers says, \"I guess everyone is just trying to make a living, and with so much competition around, one is sort of forced to look for an alternative. Notwithstanding the nightlife scenario that is in a limbo right now, I only want to be a full-time DJ. To be only that, one needs complete dedication to the craft.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092568", "title": "Two dozen encroachment razed in Amanisha Nullah area", "text": "JAIPUR: In a massive drive, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) razed more than two dozen illegally constructed houses in Amanishah Nullah.The drive follows the torrential rains that left the city inundated particularly in the low-lying areas. \"We have razed approximately two dozen encroachments from the nullah constructed in the catchment area. The drive was carried out peacefully as people did not protest seeing the large team,\" a JDA official involved in the anti-encroachment drive said.The JDA enforcement team started the drive from the Maharani farm area and a staff of around one hundred officials, including the locals police, were present on the sites. The large number of machinery including a JCB, dumpers, tractors, were also utilized during the drive.Source said the drive follows after the empowered committee, constituted to develop Jaiur as a world-class city, made inspection of the area after the heavy rains. The Rajasthan high court has also recently criticized the JDA for not taking initiatives to remove encroachments.Officials said for finalizing alignment of the Amanishah Nallahthe, JDA will construct pillars and demarcate the boundaries. \"Nullah maps for nine kilometers in the zone have been finalized for final demarcation while work for demarcation and temporary benchmark tag for another 14km is currently under process,\" an official said.Recently, Jaipur development commissioner Kuldeep Ranka has directed officials to implement the state government orders to stop issuing electricity and water connections in the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah. \"The state government orders have been forwarded to Jaipur discom and the water supply department for immediate implementation,\" Ranka said.While the enforcement team wing sung into action to remove encroachment in the nullah area, the engineering cell of the JDA will ensure that warning sign boards are installed along the nullah to caution people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16096561", "title": "Police use honey trap to nab Nepal burglars", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police used a honey trap to nab two burglars from Nepal who were wanted for ransacking the house of a financier in the city in July. Police set up the Nepalese men with the help of a sex worker who spent time with them and provided investigators with vital clues in the case.Investigators tracked down R Mani Bahadur, 46, and D Mohan Bahadur, 39, after they made calls to the woman with a cellphone they filched from the financier's house while looting gold and silver jewellery and 1.50 lakh in cash.Police officers tracking the cellphone found that it was used to make several calls to a person in Nellore. They found that the calls were made to a sex worker. When investigators picked her up and questioned her, she said they were Nepalese nationals and were her regular customers. She gave police the numbers of other mobile phones that the pair used.\"We brought her to Chennai and asked her to call them,\" said Vepery assistant commissioner of police K Krishnamoorthy. \"We got her to ask them to come to Chennai Central railway station, where we arrested them.\"When police interrogated the suspects, they revealed that they had come to Chennai in search of jobs as security guards. \"They approached a few apartment complexes on Gopal Menon Street and offered to work as guards,\" Krishnamoorthy said. \"They approached a man from their hometown in Nepal who is employed as a security guard in Vepery and he suggested that they try their luck at an apartment complex in the locality.\"The Nepalese men did not get hired and spent two days cruising the streets. \"They noticed that one house was locked for two successive days,\" the ACP said. \"It was the house of a financier who was visiting relatives in Bengaluru with his family.\"The duo broke into the house through a window grille on July 19. They escaped with all the jewellery and cash they could find in the house and took a mobile phone they found in a drawer. They told the police that they had committed two burglaries in Bangalore and said they spent their loot on women.Police recovered 25 sovereigns of gold jewellery, 10 kg of silver ornament and 1.50 lakh from them.The woman confessed to the police that that they had given her some stolen jewellery before returning to Nepal. She met them again after they burgled the houses in Bengaluru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16092000", "title": "10 steel, ferro-alloy units in Vid may shut shop", "text": "NAGPUR: Due to shortsightedness and gross inefficiency of MSEDCL, 3,000 jobs may be lost in Nagpur and adjoining districts. Due to huge difference in power tariff of Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra, steel and ferro-alloy industries are thinking of shutting shop as they are unable to compete with that produced in Chhattisgarh. Two industries have already shifted to Chhattisgarh.R B Goenka, energy cell chairman of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), told TOI that the industrial power tariff of Chhattisgarh was Rs 4.40 per unit whereas it was Rs 8.50 per unit in the state for August and September. \"In October and November it will be Rs 8 per unit and after that it will depend on fuel surcharge. As Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has increased the cap on fuel surcharge to 20% of base tariff it is likely to be high.\"Power charges are a major component in production of steel and ferro-alloys. The difference between power cost per ton steel produced in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh is about Rs 2,500 per ton. The transport cost to Nagpur from Chhattisgarh is between Rs 400 and 500 per ton. Thus the local steel is costlier by Rs 2,000 per ton as compared to that produced in Chhattisgarh. \"Local industries have switched over Chhattisgarh steel. Transport cost to Mumbai and Pune will be higher offsetting the power tariff advantage for Chhattisgarh commodities to some extent but east Vidarbha is adjoining Chhattisgarh.\"Same is the case with ferro-alloys. The local produce is costlier by over Rs 1,000 per ton than that produced in Chhattisgarh,\" Goenka explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16104691", "title": "Arunachal hands over scribe shooting case to CBI", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh cabinet on Friday decided to hand over the shoot-out case of Arunachal Times associate editor Tongam Rina to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). The cabinet meeting, chaired by chief minister Nabam Tuki, decided to hand over the case to the CBI, sources said.Rina was critically injured when unknown miscreants shot at her on July 15 last while she was entering her office in Itanagar. Rina is presently undergoing treatment in Delhi after being shifted from Rama Krishna Mission Hospital here early this month.Even after 46 days of the shooting incident, the police are still clueless about the miscreants involved.The media fraternity under the aegis of Arunachal Press Club ( APC ) and Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalist ( APWUJ) has been demanding that the government hand over the case to a competent investigating agency. They have also launched a series of agitations demanding immediate arrest of the culprits involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16099240", "title": "CPI(ML) supporters cry foul against corruption", "text": "DHANBAD: Thousands of CPI(ML) workers courted arrest at Giridih and Dhanbad on Friday while organizing protest rallies against rising corruption. Party legislator from Bagodar constitutency Binod Singh led the protest rally at Giridih. He claimed over 10,000 party workers were arrested.Singh told TOI over the phone that the rally was organized to create public awareness against rising corruption in 2G scam and coal block allocation cases. \"The government is for the rich and not for the poor,\" he said and regretted the people living below the poverty line were denied identity cards in Jharkhand.SDO Sanjay Bhagat said the workers were taken to Jhanda Maidan.At Dhanbad, party workers took out a protest rally from Randhir Verma Circle and marched to the deputy commissioner's office. They were arrested and later released.In Garhwa, thousands of party leaders and workers were arrested and released during a \"jail bharo abhiyan\" on Friday. They were protesting against the alleged police-politician nexus, Arjun Munda governments' suppression policy and arrest of their state committee member Tahir Ansari. tnnEarlier the CPI (ML) leaders and their supporters took out a big rally which marched from local Majhiaon More to Garhwa collectorate. The ML leaders Kali Charan Mehta, Kishore Kumar and Subhendu Sen alleged the Munda government of trying to crush peaceful agitation.The CPI (ML) leaders and their supporters who were arrested from Garhwa collectorate and were taken to Sadar police station were released later, said officer in-charge, Lileshwar Mahto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16090358", "title": "3 held for kidnap bid on University of Hyderabad campus", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Friday arrested three persons who tried to kidnap an M Tech student on University of Hyderabad (UoH) campus late on Thursday night. Five men, including a student and an ex-student of the university, tried to pull the girl inside a car near the library on the university campus, police said.The campus remained tense throughout Friday with the police keeping vigil at various points on the campus. Chandanagar police identified the five men who had entered the campus in a Maruti Zen as Chakrapani (M Tech student of UoH), Ramakrishna (ex-student of the university M Tech 2011 batch), Shiva Koteshwar Rao (computer centre owner, Kukatpally), Nagender (daily wager) and Shiva (an associate). Chandanagar inspector N Venkateshwarlu said Ramakrishna, Shiva Koteshwar Rao and Nagender were sent to remand while two other accused Chakrapani and Shiva were still at large.\"The victim was coming back to the hostel after attending rehearsals for a college function. The five men entered the campus for a car ride and when they spotted the girl, they tried to pull her inside the car. The accused were in an inebriated condition,'' the inspector said.The three people the police arrested were actually nabbed by students on the campus who were alerted by the girl's cries for help. The students reportedly thrashed four men, including the ex-student at around 11 pm on Thursday. The students even damaged the car.On Friday, students staged a dharna in front of the university's administrative block demanding Chakrapani's rustication and for improved security facilities on campus. Meanwhile, security was beefed up inside the campus and a team of policemen was posted to make sure there were no untoward incidents.Later in the day, the University of Hyderabad issued a clarification stating that the car in question (AP7Q 6222) had gone through the security clearance as there was one student, Chakrapani, in the same and he produced his identity card at the main gate.Students alleged there were other cases in the recent past which were brought to the notice of the authorities. \"A student walking from the small gate of the university to the hostel was molested by a stranger recently. We had asked for better security on campus and counselling of male students. None of this materialised,\" said S Harinath, a student representative on campus.Police registered cases under sections 354 (assault or use of criminal force towards a woman with an intent to outrage her modesty), 363 (kidnapping) and 511 (attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against all five. Following the incident, the campus authorities in a press note said that security will be increased on the campus with more outposts, additional streetlights and increased lighting arrangements at the main gate in addition to all hostels. There will also be increased random patrolling trips by the security personnel in the campus especially at nights.A 24-hour helpline will also be created for the benefit of students. The number of CCTVs on campus will also be increased to improve security measures. The contact details of the security personnel will be readily available on the website of the university and prominently displayed all over the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096851", "title": "Woman drugged, robbed inside RML premises", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old woman was in for a rude shock when the person who she had befriended at RML Hospital drugged her inside the hospital premises and fled after robbing her jewellery and other belongings.According to police, the accused allegedly sat beside her in the waiting room of a government hospital while they both were waiting for their turn. They started chatting and the accused asked her to accompany him for breakfast at the canteen. The woman, however, fell unconscious after having tea and biscuits.The victim, Laxmi Devi, is a resident of Shivpuri in west Delhi. According to Devi, the incident took place on August 16 when she went to the hospital for a routine check-up. She was waiting at the hospital when a man started talking to her and offered to have tea together, a police officer said.Cops suspect that the tea was laced with sedatives. On regaining consciousness, Laxmi found that the man was missing and so was the gold jewellery that she was wearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16090013", "title": "Unesco panel to inspect monuments on September 25, 26", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much awaited inspection of the city's prime Qutub Shahi monuments for the coveted world heritage tag will take place on September 25 and 26. The team from the International Council on Monuments and Sites (Icomos), the advisory body to Unesco's World Heritage Committee will be in the city to inspect Charminar, Golconda Fort and Qutub Shahi Tombs for inclusion in the list of world heritage sites of 2013.While officials are unaware about the composition of the team, it has been learnt that an architectural expert from Iran will be part of the team. As per the schedule drawn up, the team along with ASI officials will visit Golconda Fort and Qutub Shahi Tombs on September 25 and Charminar on September 26.The announcement of the dates has infused haste into last minute preparations. The world heritage tag will secure Unesco funds for the monuments and is expected give a boost to tourism in the city.Pending works include removal of rank vegetation, repairing pathways, and repairing lampposts at Qutub Shahi Tombs by the state archeology department. At the Charminar, ASI officials are planning to carry out minor repair works to stucco and floral patterns that line the upper half of the monument. There is also a proposal for chemical wash of the monument but it may not take place before the arrival of the team.While state archeology department officials are confident of handling beautification tasks on time, they have thrown up their hands when it comes to encroachments. \"It is impossible to remove squatters in such a short amount of time. We fear that we may not be able to meet the expectations of Icomos panel,\" said one official.Religious structures at Charminar are amongst the insurmountable problems. ASI's efforts to get the managements of the religious institutions to the talking table have not worked. Sources say that even the cops are unwilling to make a move on the sensitive issue keeping in mind the festival season.Many constructions within the Golconda have come up violating the Ancient Monuments and Archeological Sites and Remains (AM and ASR) Act which lays down that no constructions or encroachments should exist within 300 meters of a protected structure. The GHMC recently demolished some parts of a four-storey building near Qutub Shahi Tombs but ten more buildings are yet to be demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16097958", "title": "Two die in road accident", "text": "Palanpur: Two persons including a driver were killed and five others injured when a cement-loaded truck collided with a truck coming form opposite direction near Gadh village, some 10 km from here, on Friday.Police said the incident happened around 4 pm. The deceased have been identified as Ashok Thakore and Hathihibhai Thakore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16100554", "title": "Tamil Nadu gives its drivers a licence to kill", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu records more fatal accidents than any other state, but drivers who claim lives are almost inevitably back at the wheel in no time. The number of licences cancelled or suspended for drunk driving or causing fatal road accidents dropped dramatically in the past four years despite a huge increase in the number of people dying in accidents each year.As many as 12,784 people died in 11,813 road accidents in 2008 but the authorities cancelled the licences of only 358 reckless drivers. A total of 15,422 people died in accidents between April 2011 and March 2012, but the authorities cancelled a piffling 178 licences.The transport department and the police have also shown alarming laxity while dealing with drunk driving, cancelling fewer licences than ever before. There was an 80% drop in licences revoked for driving or riding under the influence of alcohol, from 1,356 in 2008 to 275 last year. The State Crime Records Bureau does not even record accidents caused due to drunken driving.Transport department officials say the police have to set the ball rolling for them to take action against drivers. \"We can cancel licences only if the police recommends that we take action in cases of fatal accidents and drunken driving,\" a senior official said.Transport commissioner T Prabhakara Rao accepts that both departments could be at fault for failing to punish offenders. \"Most cases drag on in court and many of the accused get stay orders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094384", "title": "Committee to probe school, rape and suicide", "text": "PANAJI: The case of suicide by a minor school student from a city-based high school just months after she alleged rape by her art teacher, has alerted authorities about safety of students in institutions, as well as raised questions about the limits of a teacher-student relationship.The directorate of education (DoE) on Friday formed a committee that will not only probe the Progress high school case, but will prescribe measures to prevent the occurrence of similar incidents in the future. The committee, to be chaired by St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh, will submit a report within three months of the committee's formation, for action by the state.In connection with the rape and suicide case, the committee will look into the steps taken by the school and the adequacy of the measures taken by the management against the accused, Kanhaiya Naik. The committee will also check if the school took any steps to provide counseling to the victim and if the management took any action to punish the accused teacher.The order, issued by the DoE, notes that the release of the accused on bail led to the girl's suicide, and states that the committee will trace the developments during the period of the bail which could have driven the girl to take the extreme step.\"The committee may suggest preventive measures to be taken by the school and other schools in the state, to avoid such incidents in the future.. The committee may give measures and suggestions relating to such incidents it may deem fit,\" states the DoE order.Legislator Pramod Sawant, artists and activists Hema Naik and Prashanti Azgaonkar, lawyer Shanti Fonseca, social worker Swati Kerkar and deputy director for central education zone K K Nadkarni will be the other members on the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16106511", "title": "Weavers ready to shine at Delhi Haat", "text": "VARANASI: For the first time over hundred weavers from Varanasi will get an opportunity to display and sell their products under one roof at Delhi Haat, New Delhi.According to assistant director, UP Handlooms and Textiles, KP Verma, as many as 146 weavers have been selected to participate in a haat called 'Benaras Weave', which will be held in Delhi Haat. Notably, development commissioner handlooms is organising this event solely for the weavers of Varanasi through Weavers Service Centre, New Delhi.According to Verma, the haat is expected to create a marketing platform for weavers and increase the sale of their products without involvement of mediators and agents.It is noteworthy that as many as 162 stalls were announced to be displayed on the occasion in, which 30 stalls should belong to recipients of Sant Kabir Award or any other award from state or national government, 30 stalls should belong to weavers from 11 handloom clusters in the city, primary handloom cooperative societies were given as many as 32 stalls, while 70 stalls would represent individual weavers of the city who have identity cards or other related documents. According to Verma, applications were invited through advertisements and other means of communication by August 14 and a lucky draw was performed under the supervision of a special committee formed for this purpose on August 27. Notably, out of 30 stalls reserved for weavers under Sant Kabir Award or any other award from state or national government, only 22 applications were received and out of 32 required applications from primary handloom cooperative societies, only 18 applications reached for final lucky draw and selection of weavers for the haat. At the same time around 155 applications have reached for a meager 70 stalls reserved for individual weavers.It is worth mentioning here that there are around 353 active and 118 semi-active cooperative societies in the district. According to Verma, each society consists of an average of 35 weavers. Apart from that there are 13 handloom clusters in the district. However, Verma, said, \"The participation is good. It is a voluntary participation, not a compulsory one. Most of the artists or weavers are also keen in participating in other fairs and festivals like Surajkund fair and others where they already have good known market\".According to assistant director, Weavers Service Centre, Varanasi, Tapan Sharma, not all weavers have very wide range and variety to display during the haat. \"This is the largest share of Varanasi weavers in Delhi Haat, prior to it there used to be only 4 to 5 stalls displayed in Delhi Haat, however, there is no information on providing special training to the selected weavers for participation in the haat. All weavers participating in the event are already well trained artisans. Apart from that a four-month training is provided to weavers interested in designing, dying and weaving at WSC at Chowkaghat\", informed Sharma.According to Nurul Hassan, a weaver from Jaitpura area who would be participating in the haat, his main focus would be to display Banarasi Silk of all kinds. \"Because all shops will display Banarasi textiles, competition will be tough and I am excited about it. I will keep all silk ethnic dress materials and silk furnishing items. Focus will also be on zardozi, brocade, zari, zamdani works\", shared Nurul, who is a first timer at Delhi Haat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16124552", "title": "Income ceiling limit for education assistance increased", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu government on Friday announced an increase in the ceiling limit of certain communities, including Scheduled Tribes (ST), to avail education assistance.Chief minister Jayalalithaa directed to increase the annual income ceiling limit of parents and guardians of students of Adi Dravida and Adi Dravida converted Christians and ST students from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh.This move would benefit those seeking education assistance after Class X and would be implemented in the current academic year itself, a state government release here said.The government would incur an additional expense of Rs 34.83 lakh annually for this, it said.Further, Jayalalithaa also recommended to the Centre to shift the 'Nari Kurava' (Gypsies) to ST from Most Backward Class (MBC) since they share similarities to the community in terms of education, economic and other characteristics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16101016", "title": "Teacher arrested for sodomising 8-year-old", "text": "JAMMU: A primary school teacher has been arrested for allegedly sodomising his eight-year-old student at Gandote in J&K;'s Rajouri district.Station House Officer Surinder Dev Singh identified the accused as Ishfaq Ahmed and said he was arrested on Thursday. \"As per the complaint, the teacher took the boy to a maize field near the school and committed the offence,'' he said. \"Investigations are in progress in this regard.\"Singh said the matter has also been brought to the notice of the education department for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16128897", "title": "Samantha to dub for herself", "text": "Samantha has finally decided to dub for herself in the upcoming romantic entertainer Neethane En Ponvasantham (Eto Vellipoyindi Manasu in Telugu) directed by Gautham Menon .The Chennai-based, who has bounced back from health ailment, will now focus on dubbing her lines for the Tamil version of the movie. All this while, singer Chinmayi used to dub for Samantha for her Telugu films and it'll be interesting to see whether she dubs for the Telugu version (Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu) as well.Jiiva and Samantha are playing the lead roles in the Tamil version and Nani will be seen in the Telugu version. The film is slated for release in October and Ilayaraja has composed the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "crans montana (switzerland)", "code": "16131015", "title": "Jyoti Randhawa, SSP Chowrasia make the cut of Omega Masters, Gaganjeet Bhullar misses it", "text": "CRANS MONTANA (SWITZERLAND): Seasoned Jyoti Randhawa and SSP Chowrasia made the cut, but Gaganjeet Bhullar dropped bogeys on the last three holes to exit at the halfway stage of the Omega European Masters golf tournament.Randhawa and Chowrasia turned out to be the only two Indians to make the halfway cut in testing conditions at the jointly sanctioned event between Asian and European Tours.Randhawa (68-73) is one-under and tied 46th, while Chowrasia, winner of two jointly sanctioned events in his career, shot 71 and 71 to be even par and tied 58th.A total of 81 golfers made the cut. However, woes on the last stretch of the Crans Montana course once again proved to be Bhullar's problem.Bhullar, who had dropped a bogey and double bogey on 17th and 18th -- though he started from tenth -- dropped bogeys on 16-17-18 on the second day.From three-under after 15 he finished at par and missed the cut by one.Earlier Anirban Lahiri, had the biggest swing from 66 in first round to 81 in second to miss the cut. Also missing the cut were Himmat Rai (71-74), Shiv Kapur (73-73) and Digvijay Singh (78-73) and Chiragh Kumar (77-77).Frenchman Julien Quesne produced four birdies in his last holes after starting at the tenth to reach nine under.Quesne, who claimed his maiden European Tour title at March's Open de Andalucia Costa del Sol, he fired seven birdies and an eagle in a 65 that earned him a one shot lead over Danny Willett.Willett went round in 67 for a second straight day. The Englishman was victorious at the BMW International Open in June.Scot Paul Lawrie still has the opportunity to record back to back victories as he sits third on seven under. Lawrie, part of the European Ryder Cup Team and the winner of last week's Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles, picked up five shots in a front nine 31, before mixing two birdies with as many bogeys on the way home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089024", "title": "Centre's enquiry into Starbus exposes Nagpur Municipal Corporation's bogus audit", "text": "NAGPUR: Even citizens who do not travel in Starbuses can see the poor condition of city bus service operated by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) through private operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Private Limited (VNIL). However, NMC's first 'audit report' presented to the union ministry of urban development (UD) gave a clean chit to the Starbus service, describing it as satisfactory.Now, an enquiry by UD's urban transport (UT) wing director Raj Kumar Singh has exposed the bogus audit report.NMC had provided the first audit report of Starbuses done by Independent Review and Monitoring Agency (IRMA), an agency appointed by UD to audit JNNURM works, on March 19, 2012. The enquiry report presented to UD and also forwarded to NMC by Singh says, \"IRMA said the performance of buses was in general satisfactory, under the heading \"quality of work done\". I do not agree with this particular statement. With so many defects in the buses and major problem of engine ceasing in Tata-manufactured buses, the performance cannot be graded as satisfactory. There is no mention of the engine problems of buses in the audit report.\"Singh further said that IRMA also mentioned that the operation of bus service by VNIL is satisfactory. \"It is not correct as per my opinion. The bus service with so many breakdowns, poor maintenance and cleanliness cannot be termed satisfactory,\" he said.The audit report on Starbuses was prepared for the first time in March 2012. According to the process, NMC submits data to IRMA. The IRMA representatives then inspect the buses and verify other documents. The audit report is then prepared and submitted to NMC and UD.The records of Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL) itself say that VNIL was operating just 170 buses out of the total 470 buses, and all were in poor condition. Total 45 Starbuses were lying idle since long due to engine problems. Another 109 Starbuses were lying abandoned just for want of tyres. NMPL also notes there is no bus depot or parking terminal. Despite all this, the IRMA audit report noted satisfactory condition of buses and service.Now that the enquiry report has bared the problems with the audit report, questions are being asked whether NMC provided false information to the central government from time to time.MP Vilas Muttemwar was among the first to highlight the poor service and condition of buses, and raised the issue with the central government.Mentioning the shoddy maintenance of Starbuses, Singh said NMPL was formed by NMC to supervise and monitor operation of buses. \"Condition of buses shows that NMPL does not have any control on the operator. The PPP model needs to be reviewed due to utter failure on the part of operator to provide safe, clean and sustainable public transport according to the conditions of contract or law of the land,\" suggested the enquiry officer.The opposition has been demanding revision or scrapping of the PPP model but the administration and ruling party continue to protect it. It will be interesting to see how NMC reacts to this report by the Centre, which funded 240 of the fleet of 470 buses.Sources said that leader of opposition Vikas Thakre and other corporators have decided to meet new municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and raise this issue along with other problems in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098014", "title": "Home ministry proposes one-year extension for CRPF chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry proposes to extend the tenure of CRPF director-general K Vijay Kumar by a year. It's an unprecedented move as no IPS officer heading a central police organization in the recent past has got an extension, and has come as a surprise to many.Kumar, a 1975 batch IPS officer from Tamil Nadu cadre, was due to retire on September 30. He took over as the CRPF chief on October 1, 2010, when the morale of the country's largest paramilitary force was at its lowest after Maoists killed 75 of its men at Dantewada in April that year.The file relating to his extension is awaiting the approval of the three-member Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC), said a source.The ACC will have two members \u2014 the PM and home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde.Former home minister P Chidambaram had approved of Vijay Kumar's one-year extension and had sent it to the ACC. After Shinde took over, he, too, gave his nod to the proposal.Initially, there were reports that CRPF chief would get a three-month extension that he refused to accept, said a source. The government then took up Chidambaram's one-year extension proposal for consideration. Senior officers said the ministry is keen on maintaining continuity and does not want to disturb the momentum of anti-Maoist operations. CRPF is the nodal agency coordinating and conducting the operations jointly with various states.If Kumar gets an extension, it would be a blow to the aspirations of IPS officers of 1976 and 1977 batch who were contenders for the post, said an officer.IAS officers have often been given extensions, sometimes multiple, but not IPS officers. Former cabinet secretary K M Chandrashekhar had a tenure of four years, including two extensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098096", "title": "MoS Dasari Narayan Rao, who oversaw coal block allocations, keeps mum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Union minister of state Dasari Narayan Rao, whose stint in the coal ministry coincided with controversial allocations of coal blocks, has refused to comment on the coalgate scam.Approached by TOI on Friday, Rao took shelter behind Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's statement on Monday where the latter had taken responsibility for allocations and denied the charge of scam. The Telugu filmmaker-politician preferred to speak through his personal assistant Narasimha Rao.The Andhra Pradesh filmmaker-politician has also avoided speaking on the issue or defending himself. Speaking to TOI through his personal assistant on Friday, however, Rao put the onus on the PM virtually distancing himself from the scam.While the former minister refused to speak directly avoiding any questioning on the issue, his personal assistant Narsimha Rao quoted his boss, \"He has said that when PM has publicly taken responsibility of the allocation of coal blocks, he has nothing more to say.\"Allocations of coal blocks between 2006 and 2009, when Rao was a crucial figure in the coal ministry, are at the centre of the coalgate scam.A well-known film producer with many hits, including in Hindi, to his credit, was a member of Rajya Sabha when he was made the junior minister in UPA 1. Many feel that he may have played a role bigger than what junior ministers are usually allowed after the resignation of his senior colleague in the ministry, JMM leader Shibu Soren, had to resign from the Cabinet because of a court case in July, 2004.Interestingly, even as he tries to stay away from the limelight, one of the statement that Rao had made in 2007, has come handy for the Opposition. On November 28, 2007, Rao told Parliament that competitive bidding for coal blocks would not lead to an increase in price of coal.This contradicts government's argument that the auctioning of coal blocks would have led to rise in the price of power and other industries that use coal. The Opposition has been using Rao's revelations to corner government and claim that the fear of price rise was not the reason why government kept on allocating coal blocks without inviting competitive bids.BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad had said on Thursday: \"This shows that the prime minister was economical with the truth in his statement in Parliament. His own minister is saying in 2007 that all objections against auctions are untenable and auction is the right way and competitive bidding will introduce transparency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16103637", "title": "Karnataka terror case: Burst of activity gave them away", "text": "BANGALORE: The 11 arrested terror suspects were on the police radar for over a month before they were arrested .\"They were on our radar for one month. Surveillance was escalated when hate SMSs and MMSs on the Assam violence started pouring in from various quarters. We are trying to find out whether these suspects had any role to play in this,\" a source privy to the investigation said. A senior police officer is said to have been tipped off about a sudden burst of activity among a few Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives based in Hubli.\"A close scrutiny of the calls made from the mobile numbers of the suspected IM module led us to these 11 men now in our custody. We tracked their calls by deputing three inspectors who are experts in mobile interception . The conversations were long and we noticed that they often spoke to each other in code words which indicated assassination, slaying and elimination processes,\" a senior police officer said. \"The interception continued for about 15 days. Once it became clear that the suspects had progressed in their plans to eliminate some prominent personalities, including MPs and MLAs, whose names they referred to often, we moved in,\" he added.Sources privy to the investigation revealed that the operation to nab the 11 terror suspects was a twinpronged one. Two Central Crime Branch (CCB) teams were involved in the simultaneous moves in Bangalore and Hubli.The organized crime wing of the CCB swooped down on the Munireddy Palya house here, while the special inquiry squad raided the Hubli hideout, early on Wednesday morning.\"We had to be extremely careful as any crackdown on one of the modules would have alerted the other. Once the CCB team reached Hubli, the Bangalore team was flagged off. We also had to be alert to possible media glare and keep our operation under wraps,\" a senior police officer explained.\"As far as we know, they had some restricted targets. They believed it was easy to shoot than make and plant explosives, given the logistics involved,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108866", "title": "In August, sunny days dissolved into rain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Where June and July failed to deliver, August sprung many a surprise on city residents. Besides it being the rainiest month of the season it has been very unpredictable. Most city residents have been carrying raincoats and umbrellas with them even if it's a bright sunny day as they set out in the morning. For the past three days, weather has been so erratic that despite a hot and humid start, it soon turns cloudy and starts pouring. The met department, however, doesn't have any convincing explanation for the phenomenon, except that city is so close to Shivalik hills. A resident of Sector 19, Kamal Garg a schoolteacher, said after a series of rainy days, he was convinced by the heat that the sun will keep clouds at bay, but he was wrong. \"August weather is like a bouncer. Twice, I notice clear sky and did not bother to carry the raincoat and had to face wrath of rain gods,\" added Mandhir Kaur of Sector 40. Resident of Sector 35 Sumit Shukla said this has been happening for past few days so he doesn't take a chance. Be it rain or bright sun, he prefer to go out in his four-wheeler and his decision generally comes out to be right as by the evening it starts raining. \"My mobile got corrupted as rainwater entered in it and all this because I was not wearing the raincoat. The sun was shining bright in the morning when I left home and it was too hot, but in the evening it rained so heavily that my phone got damaged,\" said Prabhjot Singh of Sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094882", "title": "JM Road blast: Cycle shops record customer details", "text": "PUNE: A month after the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road, cycle shop owners have been meticulously noting down details, such as driving licence number or permanent account number (PAN), of buyers. The move follows instructions from the city police.The bombs that exploded on August 1 were kept in the baskets of new bicycles. Investigations revealed that the cycles were bought from shops in Phadke haud area in Kasba Peth. The area has more than 30 cycle shops.The shop owner had not noted down the buyers' details, which could have helped in investigations. There are about 200 bicycle shops in the city, with a majority of them located in Kasba Peth, Hadapsar and Aundh.Anil Verma, partner of Sai Baba cycle shop, said, \"After listening to police at a meeting with them, I realized that seeking some documents from customers was not a big deal.Customers also have started carrying their identification proofs after the blast. I note down the licence snumber or PAN number on the bill itself and attach the photocopy of the document to the bill. If police need some information, I can provide my register that contains details of every sale, with name and contact details of the customer.\" There are a few customers who buy cycle on their credit or debit cards. Such transactions are more secure as customer details are available in the bill and can be traced easily, he said.Mahesh Matkar, manager at another shop, said, \"After the meeting with police, I have started asking for identification proofs even from customers who buy cycles for children. There are customers who feel offended when I demand such documents, but I have to be alert.\"Umesh Sant, who purchased a cycle for his son on Friday, said, \"I do not have any problem sharing my PAN number or driving licence number with the shop owner. My only concern is that my documents should not be misplaced or fall in wrong hands as it may lead to other problems.\"Another customer Rajendra Mane said, \"A few days ago, while buying cycle from a shop in Mangalwar Peth, I produced copies of my ID proofs. But the shop owner just noted the details of my driving licence and gave me the purchase receipt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16090586", "title": "No set rule for sports quota in DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: That Unmukt Chand 'fell short' of requisite attendance making him ineligible to write the second-semester exam is a fact.What is not clear is what would have made him eligible. There is no clarity regarding the attendance requirements for students involved in sports and other activities. Freewheeling interpretations of 'rules' by college authorities and their arbitrary application have only added to the confusion.Meera Sood, secretary, Delhi University Sports Council, says the \"process of framing a policy regarding attendance and examination of sportspersons is now on\". Till then, as a senior university official put it, there is \"no set rule\" and \"variation\" in how colleges handle attendance for sports-persons spending long periods of time out of class.A 1994 guideline by the University Grants Commission says sports persons missing classes to compete in tournaments or attend training camps will get \"credit\" for 30 or 40 days depending on whether they are playing at state/national or international level.There is a certain \"rule of a-third\" but it is unclear as to what it means. The lawyers involved in the Delhi High Court case Chand filed to be allowed to write the exam say he needed 33% attendance. However, a sports teacher in a premier college disagrees.\"He needed 66.6 % -- with \"benefit\" for sports category factored in - like all other students,\" he says. The \"benefit\" is attendance for \"one-third of the total number of days the student spends outside class.\"Why should it be only 33% and why can't he be marked for all the days?\" he asks.A source, speaking on condition of anonymity, says Chand was eligible in the first semester because college authorities gave him credit for days he missed due to various tournaments. The college did not apply the same rule in the second semester and instead gave him credit for just one-third of the days he missed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122863", "title": "A dose of comic relief in the city", "text": "Theme parties seem to be the order of the day in Bangalore. So it was no surprise when the city's revellers turned up in droves for a comic strip party, where everyone who showed up had to dress up like their fave comic book character.Manjeet and Priya channeled Catwoman and Minnie Mouse with their quirky headgear, while Max and Deepak got away with wearing Popeye and Batman tees. Nauman and Salman made an appearance at the party with their pals, while Babita enjoyed some girlie fun with her friend Pooja. We also spotted DJs Sasha and Deepak enjoying themselves at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16125543", "title": "Kasab's death sentence renascence for me: Rajan Verma", "text": "Immediately after the news broke to the entire nation about the death sentence for Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab by the Supreme Court, it was celebration time for actor Rajan Verma who did the role of Ajmal Kasab in the Bollywood movie Ashok Chakra - tribute to the real heroes.Rajan spoke to TOI and said, \" I was so happy to hear the news. Finally, Kasab jaise kutto ko zinda nahi rakhna chahiye, unko biryani aur nahi khilakar sare aam logon ke saamne faasi deni chahiye. I was so rejoiced to hear the news that I distributed sweets to all my friends and colony people.\"Rajan adds, \" I still can't forget how difficult it was for me to do the role of Kasab for the movie. Bahut hi negative role tha aur sabse bari baat main Kasab se kabhi nahi mila aur uska role karna tha. Even after the movie got released people would always taunt me and not talk to me properly. They hated me just because I had done the role of Kasab. Logon ne mujhpar hamla bhi kiya they had even broken my car . I just feel I did the role as an actor but within my heart I was feeling guilty while I did the role. Only after doing the movie I realized how bad was the character Kasab. Hence immediately after this news broke out, you can't imagine how happy I felt. Aisa laga mujhe dusri zindagi mil gayi.\"Meanwhile Rajan tells us, \"There were talks going on for me to do the role of Kasab for another movie which would talk about Ajmal Kasab's life story at the jail. At that time I wasn't sure whether to sign the movie or not, but now, I'm sure with the Supreme court order I shall do the role. It will be even more exciting to do the role now. Abh sab ke saamne sachayi saamne aa jayegi.\"Further, Rajan shares about his next upcoming projects, \" I have signed two films. I will be doing a negative role in the movie Main Krishna Hun with co stars Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif . I have just completed the shooting of the movie Zindagi 50 -50 with co stars Veena Malik and Riya Sen. Thankfully, I will be playing a positive and lead character role in the movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100244", "title": "No end in sight to trident controversy", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy surrounding trident lights seems to be far from over. At the MiC meeting on Friday, the issue drew criticism from a section of MMiCs (members, mayor-in-council) when mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that he didn't feel the decorative lights were purchased at a higher price.Though the resolution stood rejected, the civic chief ordered the municipal commissioner to issue a showcause notice to the director-general of lighting asking him to explain the 'irregularities' in the tender procedure.When the meeting started at 2.30pm, Chatterjee tried his best to raise the trident light issue. But the council members refused on the ground that the municipal commissioner was supposed to take it up.The mayor, however, insisted that the matter be discussed. Though Chatterjee conceded that there had been administrative lapses in the 'tender' procedure, he did not feel the lights were purchased at a higher price. A section of MMiCs refused to buy the logic and insisted a proper inquiry committee be set up to probe the alleged financial irregularities. \"We have decided to issue a showcause notice. Let him (Gautam Pattanaik, DG, lighting) come up with the explanation. We can then decide the next course of action,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16095380", "title": "Tirupur Corporation staff held for accepting bribe", "text": "COIMBATORE: An assistant engineer of Tirupur Corporation was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 from a realtor on Friday.T C Loganathan (51), a realtor from Jai Nagar in Tirupur town, had approached P Ramalingam(43), an assistant engineer (planning) for the Nallur Zone in Tirupur to acquire plan approval for his house. Ramalingam demanded Rs 10,000 from Loganathan for this service. The latter approached sleuths of Directorate of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC) in Coimbatore. A trap was organized on Friday to catch him red-handed, with the assistance of two independent official witnesses.Ramalingam had accepted the bribe of Rs 10,000 from Loganathan near Divya Bakery at Mannarai in Tirupur district on Friday at around 11.50 am in the presence of an official witness who had watched the entire transaction.Phenolphthalein test conducted on the fingers of both his hands and his right side pant pocket proved positive. The accused was arrested, the bribe money was recovered, and the relevant documents were seized. The case is under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16092388", "title": "Special housing scheme launched, 40K families to benefit", "text": "JAIPUR: Altogether 4,000 families, who lost their houses in the recent heavy rains, would be the first batch of beneficiaries of the Rajasthan Special Housing Scheme, launched by chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday.Under the Special Housing Scheme, the state's BPL families whose houses were destroyed completely will be provided with a financial assistance of Rs 50,000 while for partial destruction, the assistance would be Rs 25,000. The money would be provided in three installments along with an additional fund of Rs 5,000 for construction of toilets in urban areas and Rs 4,600 in rural areas.The scheme has been designed for rehabilitation of those affected in man-made and natural calamities, including fire and floods. Sharing details, chief minister Ashok Gehlot during a media briefing on Friday said of the 4,000 families included in the first phase, 1,900 are in Jaipur.The local self government department in urban and panchayati raj department for rural areas would be the nodal agencies for the scheme. The BPL families, who do not own a plot of land and had built houses in catchment areas, would be provided with a 30 square yard plot free for construction of their houses. Gehlot said in case the agency decides on allotting existing constructed houses for the economically weaker section, the money would be reimbursed.Replying to queries from the media on various issues, Gehlot lashed out once again at BJP, not just for the opposition's remarks about the poor management during the recent rains, but also for stalling Parliament over Coalgate.Reacting to opposition's remarks on Sonia's visit, he said, \"Central leaders, be it Rajiv Gandhi or Sonia Gandhi , have visited the state several times for a situation be it drought or flood. Which central BJP leader - be it Atal Bihari Vajpayee or L K Advani or anybody else - come here?''He claimed that the opposition was making statements about the relief work without actually having gone to any of the locations.He also criticised the BJP for stalling Parliament over Coalgate. \"Despite being a national party , the BJP is behaving like a regional party. They are insulting the democratic set-up by demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister, who has been elected by the people,'' Gehlot said. He slammed the CAG's report on allocation of coal blocks, saying that the CAG only had right to audit and not speculate decision which were never made and are the prerogative of the government to get them finalised.Govt to comply with SC order on reservation in promotion: CMCM Ashok Gehlot said his government would comply with the Supreme Court order on reservation in promotion. \"The chief secretary held a meeting immediately after the order arrived and we plan to talk to all sections of employees over the order. The work for implementing the order has already begun,'' Gehlot said. He claimed that a few retired employees with political aspirations have deliberately created a divide among the employees. Gehlot emphasised that the state's order dated September 11, 2011 was in compliance with the guidelines given by the Supreme Court in the M Nagaraj case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089245", "title": "eHealth: So near yet so far in India", "text": "HYDERABAD: India has emerged as the leader in telemedicine with 400 plus telemedicine centres operating across the country which extend clinical healthcare to remote areas. But less than 50% of these facilities are active now. Irregular or no power supply, paucity of technicians to maintain and train the users, inadequate computers and internet bandwidth are few of the issues which plague telemedicine. These observations were made by the experts at the international conference on 'Transforming Healthcare with IT' organised by Apollo Hospitals along with other organisations which started in the city on Friday.Around 500 delegates from various parts of the globe including the US, Canada, UK, Middle East, Belgium, Denmark, Japan, New Zealand, Malaysia and Iran are participating in the conference. Participants discussed e-health initiatives, globalisation of healthcare, challenges of emerging healthcare markets and next generation ICT and healthcare among other issues. The conference will be followed by the 2nd International Congress on Patient Safety to highlight how information and communication technology can make a difference in ensuring the safety of patients on Saturday.Speaking on 'Developing eHealth strategy for India - Need of the hour,' Dr S K Mishra from Sanjay Gandhi PG Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS), Lucknow, said that advances in the information and communication technology continue to outpace the development of supportive policies, infrastructure and user acceptance of eHealth. He said that e-health, which can help expand services to un-covered regions and reduces healthcare costs, needs to be integrated in to the healthcare system both in practical and policy sense. \"There is no going back to conventional brick and mortar hospitals,\" he said. He added that there are many benefits of telemedicine technology while following up a patient after initial surgical treatment. Dropouts during follow up are due to the fact that patients have to travel long distances after surgery.Experts at the conference said it was becoming difficult to adopt telemedicine in the existing health set up as there are no guidelines or a legal structure. There are barriers like inter-operability, security, legality and ethical issues which can only be addressed by a set of rules and standards at the national level. There is a need for development of national eHealth policy in the global context, they pointed out.Experts said that there are no regulations for IT in health so far. Though IT ministry developed telemedicine standards in 2003, they are being given a go by. They added that several successful projects could not be implemented in the absence of a policy. There is a need for coordination between two telemedicine centres in the present set up which is possible only if a national policy is developed, experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16109503", "title": "On her 5th spacewalk, Sunita fails to fix bolt", "text": "HOUSTON: Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams and her Japanese colleague, who ventured outside the International Space Station to perform maintenance tasks, have failed to bolt a new power-switching unit into place outside their home in orbit.During the spacewalk, 46-year-old Williams and Japanese flight engineer Akihiko Hoshide were \"unable to install a new Main Bus Switching Unit (MBSU) on the International Space Station's s-zero truss\", American space agency Nasa said on Friday.After removing and stowing the failed unit, they had difficulties driving the bolts to secure the replacement switching unit in the s-zero truss, the agency said, adding they used a long-duration tie-down tether to secure the replacement MBSU to the space station for a future spacewalk.Thursday's spacewalk was supposed to last six and half hours but stretched past eight hours. Prior to this task, Williams was able to successfully connect one of two power cables in preparation for the future arrival of a Russian laboratory module. The third objective, replacing a camera on the Canadarm2 robotic arm was also not completed.This is the fifth spacewalk undertaken by Williams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "16103906", "title": "Stone in gall bladder but uterus removed", "text": "CHHAPRA: Altogether 17 private hospitals were authorized to treat the patients having Smartcards in the district. According to official records, uteruses of about 123 women were removed at different hospitals in five months, between March and July 25, 2012.One of the victims, Rinku of Khalpura, said, \"I was admitted to the hospital after pain in abdomen. The doctors diagnosed stone in gall bladder but they removed my uterus.\"Saran civil surgeon Vinay Kumar Yadav said, \"Uterus is removed only in case of doubt of cancer. Action will be taken against guilty doctors after the inquiry is over.\"Saran DM Vinay Kumar has fixed dates for every block for recording the statements of 1,700 women whose uteruses have been removed in the name of cancer or some other serious ailments by authorized private hospitals in Saran district under 'Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana' (RSBY) in the last few years. The child development project officers (CDPOs) concerned have been directed to present them before the inquiry committee.The DM had set up an inquiry committee with Sadar SDO Vinay Kumar Pandey as its convener. The team is to visit Amnour and Chhapra Sadar on September 5, Baniapur, Ekma and Dighwara on September 6, Dariapur and Garkha on September 7, Isuapur, Jalalpur, Lahladpur, Maker and Manjhi on September 8, Marhoura, Mashrakh, Nagra, Panapur and Parsa on September 10 and Revilganj, Sonepur and Taraiya on September 11.The team constituted by the DM will record the statements of the victims, verify samples of their signatures, registration number etc. It has been alleged that most of the victims were below 40 years of age and were operated only to get the money and achieve the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094248", "title": "Realty boon in illegal colonies, rest just gloom", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a distance of less than half-a-kilometre from the Shaheen Bagh police station, near Jamia Millia Islamia University, a four-storey apartment block is coming up on a large plot in E Block of Abul Fazal Enclave Part - I. The pace of work is frenetic. Work on another building has just begun a few houses away. According to rules, no fresh constructions can be carried out in unauthorized colonies that have been identified for regularization till a policy is in place. But there are builder apartments on both sides of the road here and many have come up in the past two months.The E to N blocks of Abul Fazal Enclave are on the list of 917 unauthorized colonies notified for regularization by Delhi government. Ownership rights for the residents may still be a long way off but just the announcement of regularization has got the builder mafia working overtime. A realty boom is expected here, particularly in those areas that are located near upscale colonies. For instance, Abul Fazal Enclave is located in the vicinity of New Friends Colony and the price of properties here is skyrocketing. A flat here can cost Rs 40 lakh to Rs 75 lakh and plots over Rs 2 crore.Emerging from one of these houses, Darkasha Khan says they had bought a flat here as the other colonies were too expensive. \"DDA has failed to fulfill the needs of the city. I applied for a house under most of the DDA schemes but could not get one. Thus I had no choice but to come to an unauthorized colony. Regularization for me means legal right over my house,\" says Khan, a teacher.For Moin Ahmad, owner of a departmental store, regularization only evokes cynicism. \"There are all kinds of problems related to water, sewerage and roads. Let us see what happens,\" he says. Residents from blocks that remain out of the regularization process are more anxious about their future after the notification as they remember the promise of regularization made in 2008 when provisional regularization certificates were handed out.For most residents of the 917 colonies up for regularization this time, the notification has no meaning without ownership rights. Many feel that it may end up as yet another undelivered promise. For most, the civic mess remains a prime concern. They feel little will change, going by the poor state of affairs in other areas that were regularized with much aplomb during Indira Gandhi's rule in the late 1970s. In many colonies, the areas regularized earlier and the ones that will get the legal tag now are next to each other and the chaotic state of civic affairs in both is quite evident.The scene is no different in East Delhi where a large number of these 917 illegal colonies are located. A 10-minute drive from the rubble of what was the site of the Lalita Park building collapse (that claimed 70 lives) is a set of blocks that constitute the \"left out portion of Lalita Park\". The rest of Lalita Park has already been regularized. KC Garg, president of the joint action committee of residents of Laxmi Nagar, explains that the section of Lalita Park located along the busy Vikas Marg was regularized in the first round in the late 1970s. \"Now the left out portion is being taken up. This was not regularized as the houses had come up on DDA land reserved for the green belt along Vikas Marg,\" say residents.When asked about the ground situation, Garg points out the dingy lanes of the Lalita Park that has been legal for over three decades now. Tall buildings made without sanction and a mesh of power cables stand out. In fact, a high-tension line hanging precariously divides the regularized area from the one which has been blessed now.RWA members bring out the provisional regularization certificates issued by the government in 2008. Surjeet Kaur, a resident, remembers how till a few years back bulldozers were commonplace here and residents would be protesting and lying before them to protect their homes. \"Regularization means legal ownership rights for me. This notification is good news but it should have happened after the provisional certificates were given in 2008,\" she said. For now, no registry is possible in these colonies. In Lalita Park, people living in the old regularized portion too have not been able to register their properties for nearly two months as the officials were finding it difficult to idenfity the regularized from the unauthorized area as they were contiguous.But that has not affected the property prices here. Already high, regularization will only further push up the property prices, say residents. The original inhabitants claim to have bought land here for as little as Rs 3000; now a plot costs over Rs 1 crore and a flat around Rs 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16093788", "title": "UN honour for Sonar Fort", "text": "JAISALMER: The conservation work of Hariraj Ji Fort situated in Jaisalmer's Sonar Fort carried out by the Indian National Trust for Art and Culture Heritage (INTACH), has found a mention in the recently announced Unesco's Asia Pacific Heritage Award 2012. The Fort dates back to the 16th century.The award was announced at a function in Bangkok on August 27. Forty-three entries from 11 countries were received for this award out of which 10 awards were announced of which three awards have been given to India, including Jaisalmer Fort, Sethna building in Mumbai and Chandramouleshwar temple in Hampi in Karnataka for water system.Unesco's cultural unit's Bangkok head, Rim Curtis, said every year the Nations body presents the Asia Pacific Award for culture heritage conservation programme. For 2012, a jury of conservation experts from 11 countries was announced. Discussions were held on these entries between June 5 and 7 at Bangkok and on August 27, the awards were announced.Out of 10 awards that were presented, three were given to heritages conservation woks in India that include Hariraj Ji fort in Jaisalmer, Sethna building in Mumbai and an ancient temple in Hampi (Karnataka). He said that the Hariraj Ji Mahal was granted an honourable mention.Responding to threat posed by the progressive decay of the fabled 16th century monument, the restoration work is exemplary. The restored palace is now used for social and cultural events thus ensuring a viable and sustainable function of the space while maintaining its historical authenticity.The conservation work at Hariraj Ji Fort in Jaisalmer was done under the supervision of Intach with funds provided by the World Monument fund, London. The conservation work began in 2002 and ended in 2011. Rs 1 crore was spent for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kazuo hirai appears to be a man in a hurry. at 52, he is not only among the youngest ceos to be heading sony, one of the world's biggest consumer electronics and entertainment companies, but also faces one of the major challenges faced by the japanese giant. his challenge", "code": "16119687", "title": "Sony needs products that change consumer behaviour: CEO", "text": "Kazuo Hirai appears to be a man in a hurry. At 52, he is not only among the youngest CEOs to be heading Sony, one of the world's biggest consumer electronics and entertainment companies, but also faces one of the major challenges faced by the Japanese giant. His challenge: Pulling the company out of four consecutive years of losses while battling the onslaught from companies such as Apple and Samsung.Hirai, who has begun restructuring the company since he took charge in April, wants Sony to be the \"innovator of technology\", rather than being a follower. \"I don't like to stay in Tokyo, but much rather be in the field,\" he says as he sits down for a chat with TOI.Excerpts:Sony was earlier synonymous with innovation but now Apple and Samsung seem to have taken that space. Sony seems to be following others in the market?Sony is into a lot of commoditised product categories right now. But we need to bring products that fundamentally change consumer behaviour. We have had some smaller successes like the head mount display. We need to have more products like that.How do you achieve this?I have talked to my R&D; team and by extension R&D; follows. When an idea comes from the product guys, R&D; needs to fill the gap. Over the last few years, we may have been lacking in this a little but with the change in management this is changing.Is it because Sony has failed to catch the trend towards convergence? Now you have a phone or tablet which has a camera, internet and other tools?Given the size of the organisation, the management was not structured in an ideal way. I have made some fundamental changes - the reporting structure has been changed. Even if you have great products, we need to market them, so I have made changes there. There are changes in the product and R&D; system.With restructuring done, what will be the focus areas for the company going forward?There are three clear core areas that Sony will focus on globally - games and network services; mobile space comprising smartphones, tablet, Vaio notebooks; and digital imaging. Mobiles are going to be an important business area given the convergence. For Sony not to be present in that area is a big hole and that is why we dissolved the joint venture with Ericsson.Do you think that it is wise to just depend on Android for new products or also develop with other operating systems such as Microsoft Windows?If there is a market (for other OS), there is no reason why we should not work on them. It all depends on market dynamics. We will make our decision based on what brings value to us.And could Sony also look at an in-house OS platform like Samsung has been doing with Bada and Apple with iOS ?We have the PlayStation (PS) OS that can be used on other devices, mostly mobile. Having an OS that has potential is a huge asset and PS OS already has a huge installed base of around 65 million units.Now that you have your vision in place, how do you see Sony's revenues panning out?Predominantly, revenues would come from our three core areas and the TV business. The three businesses gave us around 60% of the revenue in FY11 and we expect that to be around 70% by FY14. In terms of operating profits, nearly 85% will come from the three core areas in FY14. The TV business is turning around but it is tough to generate huge profits out of that.By when should we expect Sony to be profitable?We have not been profitable for four years or so. Turning the group profitable is a huge commitment and we are hoping to achieve profits this fiscal... may be of $20 billion yen and operating profit of around 130 billion yen.What kind of revenues do you have in India and are you profitable?We have been profitable in the Indian market and our revenues from the electronics business stood at $1.1 billion last fiscal. We expect this to grow by 30% this year and India will be the fifth-largest market for us by the end of this fiscal. Also, we have huge investments here in Multi Screen Media (MSM) and a software development centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094385", "title": "Polling for state health varsity bodies today", "text": "PUNE: The process of casting votes to elect the new senate and other statutory bodies of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) will be held simultaneously at 31 government-run medical and dental colleges across Maharashtra from 10 am to 4 pm on September 1.The MUHS, which is headquartered in Nashik, is the umbrella university that grants affiliation to all health science institutions run by the government, local-self governing bodies, aided and private unaided organisations in the state. One of its key regional centres is located in Pune.MUHS registrar Aadinath Suryakar, who is also the returning officer, told TOI, \"The term of the MUHS senate, which is a 60-member body of elected members, with five members nominated by the state governor and chancellor, is to end in the first week of October.\"The Maharashtra Universities Act of 1998 makes it mandatory for all the state universities to hold elections for their statutory bodies every five years and the process has to be launched six months prior to the end of the present term of these bodies.Usually, elections to the senate are seen as the first step towards the formation of other statutory bodies like the academic council, which takes a call on all matters related to academic courses, affiliation etc, the management council and the boards of studies. These bodies are constituted partly through elections and through nomination after the new senate is in place.Suryakar said, \"The term of the 31 boards of studies, six MUHS faculty and academic council has already ended. The elections on Saturdayare for the representatives of professors and other than professors categories in the senate. All statutory bodies will be in place by the end of the first week of October.\"\"We have made adequate preparations for the polling process at all the 31 centres. The professors representatives on the new senate from the Pune and Nagpur revenue divisions have already been declared elected unopposed while polling will be held for others from Mumbai, Nashik, Aurangabad and Amravati divisions,\" he said.\"Similarly, representatives of other than professors category from the five faculties viz. medical, dental, ayurveda and unani, homeopathy and allied branches, will be elected,\" he said. Besides, five representatives of recognised deans/principals will also be elected, he added. The 31 new boards of studies have already been elected, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103298", "title": "Water level raising no threat to human lives", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Valley Development Authority (NVDA) on Friday clarified that raising the water level in Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar reservoirs would cause no threat to human lives as filling was being done gradually keeping in view the safety and security of human lives.\"The district administration in Khandwa and Harda have been put on alert with a contingency plan to extend help in emergency situations,\" said NVDA vice-chairman and principal secretary Rajneesh Vaish. \"No Project Affected Family (PAF) would be deprived of rights under rehabilitation policy and their grievances would be heard sympathetically,\" he said.NVDA clarification came after a group of people, including tribals, were sitting in waist-deep water in the affected areas in Khandwa and Harda districts alleging that increase in water level was causing submergence in areas where land acquisition did not take place.Vaish said there were 44,631 project affected families (PAFs) under Indira Sagar Project (ISP) and 6,290 PAFs under Omkareshwar Project (OSP). The PAFs under ISP had been given compensation of Rs 88508.44 lakh and PAFs under OSP had been given compensation of Rs 8668.68 lakh for their immovable properties.In addition an amount of Rs 23349.47 lakh and of Rs 2019.36 lakh had been disbursed to the ISP and the OSP project-affected as special rehabilitation grant respectively.NVDA vice-chairman said for the resettlement of displaced families a total of 46 rehabilitation sites have been developed with all basic amenities where residential plot measuring 90ft by 60ft had been provided to each PAF free of cost. Families who opt not to take the plot had been given Rs 20,000 in lieu of plot. Vaish said a separate Grievance Redressal Authority (GRA) is also working for the redressal of complaints of project-affected families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16098081", "title": "Car, bike rally on September 9", "text": "NASHIK: A popular motorsport event in Nashik, the family navigation rally that has been organized by the WISA ( Western India Sports Association), for the past 11 years will take place on September 9 this year.A special feature of the rally is that a ontestant can participate using his or her own vehicle without any modifications. An undisclosed 80km route has been earmarked for the contest. Around 100 participants are expected in both 4-wheeler and 2-wheeler categories. The rally is scheduled to begin at eight in the morning from the Vidya Prabodhini School campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "on board pm's special aircraft", "code": "16099033", "title": "Sir Creek deal doable: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "ON BOARD PM'S SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: PM Manmohan Singh said on Friday that a deal on Sir Creek was \"doable\" amid indications that a breakthrough on the vexed issue, and tangible progress by Pakistan to prosecute the 26/11 accused might provide necessary grounds for him to travel across the border.Returning from Tehran , where he had a long bilateral meeting with Pakistani president Asif Zardari, the PM said, \"There must be a genuine feeling that Pakistan is doing all that it could do to deal with terrorism directed against India from Pak soil. The court trial of Mumbai massacre is a crucial test of Pakistan's sincerity to bring perpetrators to justice.\" He said both Zardari and adviser to the interior ministry Rehman Malik had assured him that they were doing all they could, subject to the vagaries of the judicial process.\"I also said Sir Creek, which we had talked about during his (Zardari's) visit to Ajmer, was doable,\" Singh said.The PM's keenness to travel to Pakistan is well known. Foreign minister S M Krishna will be in Pakistan next week, to wrap up one set of composite dialogue and begin another. He is also expected to sign a MoU with Pakistan. Commerce secretaries of both countries are also due to meet soon to take decisions on Customs, dispute settlement etc. as well as opening up the land border for trade.On LeT founder Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind behind 26/11, the PM said India would not let anyone off the hook. \"Everybody who has committed crimes have to be brought under appropriate justice mechanisms.\"Sources said that the PM is looking at January for a possible visit. There is no way he will be allowed to go before December, when Gujarat polls are due. But the domestic political climate in India might take unexpected turns after that.In Pakistan too, a caretaker government should be in place at the time, if Islamabad is due to go in for general elections in March.Unconfirmed reports abound that the Indian High Commissioner to Pakistan Sharat Sabharwal may get an extension to cover the PM's visit. The PM's favourite private secretary Jaideep Sarkar, too, has been kept back from taking up his ambassadorial position in Israel . He was appointed a few months ago, but is yet to take up his assignment because he is indispensable to Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16100930", "title": "Toll collection en-route Bangalore International Airport yet to begin", "text": "BANGALORE: Toll collection en-route Bangalore International Airport might start from Monday. The HC lifted the stay on toll collection near airport on Thursday, leaving the decision to National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and the concessionaire who built the plaza to choose dates from when the collection can start.\"We have still not got the court order to discuss with the concessionaire on the day from when we can start collecting toll near Sadahalli, before entering the trumpet junction leading to the BIA from the city,\" said Surendra kumar, project director, NHAI, Bangalore.The two and three wheelers are exempted from the toll tax, but four wheelers will have to pay Rs20 and mini buses Rs30. Buses and trucks will be charged Rs60 and heavy vehicles Rs95 and Rs115. The airport commuters will have to pay Rs25, only while coming back from the airport. Till, day, toll collection for all vehicles was stayed under the court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16101972", "title": "National Rural Health Mission scam: Enforcement Directorate investigation gains momentum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suspecting that the accused may have parked their ill-gotten cash abroad, the Enforcement Directorate is probing into the money laundering angle in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. The CBI had recently found that some accused, including former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA R P Jaiswal, may have allegedly made Rs 40 crore during the implementation of the scheme. ED has been roped into the investigation to find if the money has been stashed in foreign accounts.The CBI and ED officials held a meeting a few days ago and details of cases were shared in a bid to attach the properties of the accused. ED had reportedly registered cases under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against former UP family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and others in the alleged financial irregularities sometime ago, but the probe has started gathering momentum following the recent meeting between the two agencies.Sources said that ED has begun the process of identifying movable and immovable properties of the accused and their relatives in Uttar Pradesh and other parts of the country. If sources are to be believed, CBI has also shared some bank transactions of the accused with ED.So far, CBI has registered 18 cases in the scam, and more cases are likely to be filed soon. The agency has also filed charge sheet against Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16093104", "title": "Adulation, controversy leave Unmukt Chand little time to focus", "text": "NEW DELHI: Far from enjoying his new-found adulation, India's U-19 World Cup-winning skipper Unmukt Chand is struggling to cope with the barrage of mediapersons who are hounding his every waking hour.To top it all has been the controversy which was generated over his college's initial refusal to let him sit for his first-year exams because of poor attendance.Cricket, for now, seems to have taken a backseat. Unmukt has had very little time to soak in the accolades. On top of that, he has to join the India A team - for the first time - in just three days, ahead of a tour to New Zealand.Unfortunately, Unmukt's name is making the headlines for non-cricketing reasons and he is not at all pleased. The 19-year-old Delhi boy has been on a short fuse these past couple of days.It was evident on Friday when he seemed agitated by the vast number of media persons who landed up in Noida where he decided to address a press conference in the wake of the St. Stephen's controversy. \"I've been saying the same things right from the time I landed at Delhi airport,\" he told a reporter.Unmukt and his family have been caught totally off guard with their new-found celebrity status, and with the college-attendance issue generating nationwide uproar.\"Unmukt had talked to Dr Thampu (principal of the college) before leaving for the World Cup. Although Dr Thampu had hinted that Unmukt might lose a year, he wished him luck,\" Unmukt's father Bharat Chand Thakur said, adding, \"Dr Thampu had also told him that he would sit with Unmukt when he comes back and talk about what could be done (to sort out the issue).\"On the cricketing front, Unmukt said the craze and media attention which followed the U-19 win overwhelmed him.\"It was surprising that we got so much attention. We have enjoyed every bit of it,\" Unmukt told TOI.Are things happening too fast for him? \"One journey leads to another,\" he said, \"I believe I'm in the middle of my journey and the 'A' tour to New Zealand is a very important part of it. I have to be strong enough to deal with it.\"Virat Kohli too has always been an inspiration. \"When I was struggling to convert my starts in the domestic season, I called up Virat in Hobart after he scored that match-winning century against Sri Lanka. I asked him if I needed to change something about my batting or if it was just a mental block. He told me that I shouldn't look too far ahead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16130840", "title": "Jammu and Kashmir suspends 36 government employees for absenteeism", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir government has placed under suspension 36 employees for remaining absent from duty without prior permission.\"To ensure punctuality and regularity in government offices, additional deputy commissioner, Anantnag, G M Dar inspected various offices of Anantnag district yesterday. As many as 36 employees were suspended for remaining unauthorisedly absent from duty,\" an official spokesman said on Saturday.He said, of the 36, 12 employees belonged to the chief education office, six to district programme office ICDS, four to assistant director handloom office, nine to District Industries Centre, three to Assistant Regional Transport Office and one to District Social Welfare Office.The concerned drawing and disbursing officers have been asked to chargesheet the suspended employees, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095085", "title": "Car thieves knock down cop while trying to flee", "text": "MUMBAI: In their attempt to flee after two failed robbery bids, car thieves on Friday knocked down an assistant sub-inspector of police in Bandra (W). The victim, Dutta Sanobat, was admitted to a private hospital in a critical condition. Cops managed to nab two thieves but two others managed to escape.The accused had stolen an Indica car at Dharavi and were searching for a safe place to hide the vehicle when the car developed a mechanical problem on the Bandra flyover around 3.30am. After some time, they noticed the driver of a tourist vehicle stopping to answer nature's call. They threatened the driver, Kaushik Tiwari, with a chopper and robbed the vehicle.A police patrol team passing by stopped to look into the matter. Sanobat stepped out of the police vehicle and asked the thieves not to start the car, but the accused didn't pay heed and rammed into him. Sanobat got dragged along for 20ft before being thrown off the vehicle. Tiwari alerted the police control room about the incident and the two constables on night patrol rushed Sanobat to a hospital.Tiwari told the cops there was a GPS system in his vehicle, so police stations along the highway were alerted about the incident and asked to set up nakabandis. The accused managed to dodge the cops in Kandivli, took a U-turn and travelled up to Powai. They then travelled to Santa Cruz (E), abandoned the vehicle on the road towards Mumbai University's Kalina campus, and escaped.Cops following the accused cordoned off the area and nabbed Anil Soni (22) and Raju Jha (23). Siraj Fakhruddin (22) and Bablu Munshi (22) managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095431", "title": "Survey shows SCs, STs lagging behind in higher education", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first-ever survey of higher education in the country shows that Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes have not been able to reap its benefits. The survey reveals that though Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) has gone up to about 20%, private unaided colleges have the lowest number of students.It is expected that when the final results of survey appear by year-end, enrolment would be go up across the spectrum. But the provisional data for SCs/STs is a cause for worry. Enrolment of SC students is only 10.2%; male students (10.3%) and females (10.1%). In case of STs, the situation is alarming. GER for STs is pitiable at 4.4%; male students (4.3%) and females (4.6%).With such a poor GER for SCs/STs, it is natural that they have a poor presence as college and university teachers. Only 7.4% of teachers belong to SC and 2.9% are STs.Other Backward Classes (OBCs) have, however, done well. Though getting reservation in central government institutions for the past five years and also in many state government institutions, politically powerful OBCs enrolment figure stands at 27.1%. Even as teachers in higher educational institutions OBCs have a dominating presence at 23.3%.The survey in which institutions were asked to provide all information to a dedicated portal has so far received data from more than 450 out of 621 universities, around 9,000 of 27,468 colleges, 1,800 of 4,118 technical institutes and 2,000 of 5,268 standalone institutions. So far, among the institutions that have responded 1% of the university and 9% of the colleges are exclusively meant for girls' education. Also, out of total enrolment, 17% is under distance education mode.Provisional data has shown that among responding institutions 36% of the universities, 48% of the colleges and 56% of standalone institutions are located in rural areas. Also, 57% of responding colleges are under private management, 22% under the government sector. As for standalone institutions - teacher training, nursing colleges and polytechnics - 64% of those who have responded to survey are under private management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16104552", "title": "India to tick off UK on varsity rap", "text": "LONDON: With more than 600 Indian students facing deportation after United Kingdom's Border Agency revoked the London Metropolitan University's licence to admit students from non-European Union countries , the Indian government is likely to convey its displeasure to British authorities.It's also investigating whether there has been \"discrimination\" against bona fide Indian students who may be deported before completing their studies as a result of Thursday's decision.Sources revealed the British foreign office is apprehending an angry representation from India. While the British home office wouldn't confirm this, a ministry spokesperson said the total number of students impacted by UKBA's move could rise to 3,000. An Indian high commission spokesperson said that a diplomat had visited LMU for fact finding.The high commission is unlikely to defend students who over-stayed after their UK visas expired. But it's expected to take a dim view of unsettling those who've not committed any infringement . India will argue against different rules for an Indian student from an EU national. It'll also say London Met students from EU are not being penalised for their insufficient knowledge of English or for their inadequate attendance.Those who still have valid visas have been given 60 days to find a place at another university to continue their studies . A wide section of the British media have backed the Indian stance asking why they can't pursue this at LMU and, instead, go through agonizing process of seeking alternatives.Chris Bryant , the opposition Labour party's immigration spokesman, said the decision would bring \"lasting damage to the international reputation of the British university system which brings billions into the UK economy every year\".However, higher education minister David Willetts said, \"It's important that genuine students who are affected through no fault of theirs are offered prompt advice and help, including, if necessary, with finding other institutions at which to finish their studies.\"In recent years, the demand for admission into LMU, seemingly an easy access institute, has been so great in India that it opened recruitment offices in Delhi and Chennai. A former lecturer at LMU, writing anonymously in the The Guardian, claimed, \"Many of these overseas students that I have encountered are seriously struggling with speaking, listening, reading and writing in English.\" He further alleged, \"I have even been asked to consider raising grades on non-EU students because a significant number of failures might affect recruitment.\"Non-EU students pay higher fee than their EU counterparts; and are crucial to the financial well-being of a number of British universities. Foreign students contribute \u00a312.5 billion to UK 'economy. A recent National Union of Students survey of more than 900 international students found that 40% of students would not recommend studying in Britain to a friend. In the past year, grant of student vias by the UK has fallen by 75,000 - a drop of 21%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16100742", "title": "High court takes serious view of land-grabbing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a serious note of grabbing of pond land by mafia and builders, the Allahabad High Court has directed all the district authorities in the state to ensure that no land-grabbing by covering ponds is allowed. The court also said that any such act by the land-grabbers will have to be stopped till further orders of the court.This order was passed by a division bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel on a PIL filed by a social worker of Agra, DK Joshi. The court has directed to hear this case on September 10.The judges also directed district magistrate, Agra, to submit report about the present position of the ponds which have been mentioned in the PIL. The court directed district magistrate, Agra, to submit a report about the filled up ponds and constructions made over there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122158", "title": "I love Indian food: Dutch DJ Fadil El Ghoul", "text": "Dutch DJ Fadil El Ghoul, aka R3hab in a candid chat with TOIIs this your first time in India? What are your expectations of audiences in Bangalore? I'm hoping for a warm welcome for my debut in Bangalore and a great party!How did you get into DJing as a career? I always loved music and I just wanted to play music for people and give them the best night of their lives.How would you best describe your signature sound, Chainsaw Madness? It's a real roller coaster ride. It has sweet musical that break into complete madness when it drops.What do you know of Indian music? Would you use Indian influences in your work? I actually sort of used a Indian scale on my track Pump The Party. I love music from different countries in the world.You have worked on tracks by diverse artists such as Usher, Lady Gaga and Adam Lambert , and have created your share of original compositions. Which do you prefer \u2014 remixing other artists' songs or coming up with your own tracks? It's great working with vocals from Lady Gaga or Usher and it gives you a great guidance. With originals, you start something from scratch. Both are great to do!What's your favourite party destination? It's hard to say, but New York parties hard!Will you get to travel in India? What are the sights you'd like to see? This time it will not be possible, but I love Indian food, so I am planning to go to some great restaurants while I am in India.What do you do when you're not working? I love watching movies!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094019", "title": "J M Road blasts probe: A month later, ATS awaits all forensic reports", "text": "PUNE: A month after the low-intensity serial blasts on the Jangli Maharaj road, the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), which is under pressure to crack the case before the impending Ganesh festival, is still to get a complete set of reports from the forensic experts related to the evidence collected from the explosion sites.The forensic reports are critical to providing vital leads for the investigators to pursue their probe. However, the ATS has so far received only details of the explosives used and awaits reports related to the timer devices used for triggering the blasts.Four low-intensity explosive devices had exploded within a span of one hour between 7.30 pm and 8.30 pm on August 1 near Balgandharva Rangmandir, Dena Bank, McDonald's food outlet and the Garware subway, all on JM road, which had left one person injured. Another two devices were later defused by the city police's bomb detection and disposal squad.The injured man, Dayanand Patil, a resident of Urulikanchan near here, was later detained for questioning by the investigating agencies as he had picked up an unclaimed bag near Balgandharva Rangmandir. While he was checking the bag, the device in it exploded.The Pune police and the ATS verified Patil's antecedents following which he was discharged. However, Patil and his family have since left for an undisclosed place.After an initial probe by the city police's crime branch, the ATS took over the investigation of the case. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) and other central agencies are also supporting the probe.Two days back, state ATS chief Rakesh Maria, who has been camping in the city since August 1, sought to assure the media that the probe into the JM road blasts was on the right track. However, questions remain about the possibility of the case being cracked before the Ganesh festival, which begins on September 19. This is mainly because of the absence of any credible lead to follow in the investigations so far. \"An investigation like the one related to the JM road blasts is not a simple task and takes time to solve in terms of identifying the suspects and the terror outfit involved,\" Maria had said.Earlier, the city police had prepared sketches of two suspects on the basis of description given by the owner and two employees of a cycle shop near Phadke Haud from where the three bicycles, used in the blasts, were purchased.However, the sketches have proved to be of little help.The investigators have so far gone through an extensive collection of 1,200 footages of closed circuit television cameras (CCTV) drawn from various commercial establishments near the blast sites. \"It's a huge task to analyze this extensive footage,\" said one of the investigators. Initially, the police had zeroed in on a person with a striking resemblance to Yasin Bhatkal, the IM operative wanted in connection with several terror blasts in the country. But nothing has emerged so far from this detail.A police team is collecting and analyzing an exhaustive data of phone calls made on the day of the blasts but has not reached at any conclusion as thousands of calls are yet to be verified.An official associated with the probe said, \"The ATS, with support from the city police, is checking the records submitted by property owners about their new tenants. Landlords and real estate agents are also under the police scanner to find out if they had rented their premises to unknown people without disclosing details of such persons to the police or whether the suspects had approached them for making inquiries or whether they have assisted the suspects in hiring an accommodation.\"The official further said, \"Investigators are also questioning suspects who are out on bail in other blast cases. Their family members, friends and others are being questioned to get more leads about their present activities. Instructions have been issued to police agencies to intensify their hunt for absconding suspects wanted in other blast cases as they may or may not have connections with the JM road blasts\".Police teams are checking members of the disbanded Students Islamic Movement of India. They are also trying to identity Indian Mujahideen members in Pune, the official added. The ATS is also coordinating with the NIA, Central Bureau of Investigation, Intelligence Bureau, Research and Analysis Wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "case 1", "code": "16100438", "title": "National Crime Record Bureau report raises heckles at cops' conduct", "text": "Case 1: Cops posted at Phaphamau police outpost allegedly rough up a pregnant woman and her husband when they insisted on lodging a theft complaint. The man alleged the cops had roughed up him and his wife at his shop when they came to inquire about a theft committed at their house. Top police brass have ordered a probe into the incident.Case 2: Naini police send an innocent youth behind the bars on charges of rape and murder of a girl. In fact, the girl eloped to Mumbai and the police lodged a case against the innocent youth at the behest of girl's father without even bothering to investigate the matter thoroughly. The youth, who recently came out of the jail, does not want to recall the days.Case 3: Cantt police registered an FIR against unidentified eve-teasers despite the fact the locals had caught four of them red-handed and handed them over to police after they misbehaved with a girl. The police, instead of taking stringent action against the eve-teasers, tried to hush up the matter despite the fact the girl had to jump off running tempo to save herself from the eve-teasers. After a hue and cry, a named FIR was registered.Case 4: A cop posted at Kydganj police station has been accused of thrashing a fruit vendor when he refused to pay him Rs 50. The victim also alleged that the constable had driven the bike towards him when he failed to fulfill his demand. The SSP has suspended the erring constable.Allahabad: Though these might be a few cases reflecting the clear picture of 'policing' in Sangam city, the fact is that there seems to be no decline in the number of complaints received against policemen. The efforts of top police brass to bridge the communication gap between police and masses have gone in vein.While police brass has candidly asked their subordinates to establish a proper communication with the masses to boost up its image, the act of lower and middle rank policemen has made the entire exercise futile. And if one goes through the NCRB ( National Crime Record Bureau) report, a total of 11,971 complaints were received during the year 2011 in UP alone.NCRB records also state that out of 11,971 complaints, 9,191 departmental inquiries were instituted while 12 others were taken under magisterial inquiry.Similarly, around 2,768 complaints/cases were declared fake or unsustainable. Following that, a total of 9,203 cases/complaints were registered in year 2011.Statistics further revealed that a total of 145 cases were sent up for trial, while 108 policemen were dismissed in the same year.However, senior cops are still making efforts to boost police image among masses and cops are being taught lessons meant for proper behaviour with public either at police station or police offices.For that, district police chief Mohit Aggarwal had recently introduced \"visiting card\" facility whereas cops ranking from constables to additional SPs had to distribute their visiting cards among people and seek cooperation to maintain law and order. However, incidences of misbehaviour on the part of lower or middle rung policemen has dent the efforts and senior cops are finding it difficult to check such incidences.SP (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav said: \"We have issued a set of directives for cops asking them to bridge the communication gap with the masses. Cops have been asked to behave politely and sensibly. He added: \"If there are complaints on part of the cops involved in indecent act with the public, stringent action would be initiated against the erring policemen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "case 1", "code": "16106880", "title": "NCRB report raises heckles at cops\u2019 conduct", "text": "Case 1: Cops posted at Phaphamau police outpost allegedly rough up a pregnant woman and her husband when they insisted on lodging a theft complaint. The man alleged the cops had roughed up him and his wife at his shop when they came to inquire about a theft committed at their house. Top police brass have ordered a probe into the incident.Case 2: Naini police send an innocent youth behind the bars on charges of rape and murder of a girl. In fact, the girl eloped to Mumbai and the police lodged a case against the innocent youth at the behest of girl's father without even bothering to investigate the matter thoroughly. The youth, who recently came out of the jail, does not want to recall the days.Case 3: Cantt police registered an FIR against unidentified eve-teasers despite the fact the locals had caught four of them red-handed and handed them over to police after they misbehaved with a girl. The police, instead of taking stringent action against the eve-teasers, tried to hush up the matter despite the fact the girl had to jump off running tempo to save herself from the eve-teasers. After a hue and cry, a named FIR was registered.Case 4: A cop posted at Kydganj police station has been accused of thrashing a fruit vendor when he refused to pay him Rs 50. The victim also alleged that the constable had driven the bike towards him when he failed to fulfill his demand. The SSP has suspended the erring constable.ALLAHABAD: Though these might be a few cases reflecting the clear picture of 'policing' in Sangam city, the fact is that there seems to be no decline in the number of complaints received against policemen. The efforts of top police brass to bridge the communication gap between police and masses have gone in vein.While police brass has candidly asked their subordinates to establish a proper communication with the masses to boost up its image, the act of lower and middle rank policemen has made the entire exercise futile. And if one goes through the NCRB (National Crime Record Bureau) report, a total of 11,971 complaints were received during the year 2011 in UP alone.NCRB records also state that out of 11,971 complaints, 9,191 departmental inquiries were instituted while 12 others were taken under magisterial inquiry.Similarly, around 2,768 complaints/cases were declared fake or unsustainable. Following that, a total of 9,203 cases/complaints were registered in year 2011.Statistics further revealed that a total of 145 cases were sent up for trial, while 108 policemen were dismissed in the same year.However, senior cops are still making efforts to boost police image among masses and cops are being taught lessons meant for proper behaviour with public either at police station or police offices.For that, district police chief Mohit Aggarwal had recently introduced \"visiting card\" facility whereas cops ranking from constables to additional SPs had to distribute their visiting cards among people and seek cooperation to maintain law and order.However, incidences of misbehaviour on the part of lower or middle rung policemen has dent the efforts and senior cops are finding it difficult to check such incidences.SP (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav said: \"We have issued a set of directives for cops asking them to bridge the communication gap with the masses. Cops have been asked to behave politely and sensibly. He added: \"If there are complaints on part of the cops involved in indecent act with the public, stringent action would be initiated against the erring policemen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16098674", "title": "Surprise checks on PDS shops in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A team of administrative officials on Friday made surprise checks on public distribution system (PDS) shops and found kerosene oil meant for these shops being sold in the markets of Bokaro and Kasmar. The inspection was conducted at the direction of DC, Sunil Kumar, who had received a number of complaints of irregularities against PDS dealers. Besides, there was information about the involvement of PDS dealers in unfair practices in Kasmar.The district has about 1,200 PDS shops, of which 250 are in Bokaro and 56 in Kasmar. Kumar formed separate teams headed by administrative officials. The checks started at 7.30 am and continued the whole day. A team headed by the SDO recovered a huge stock of kerosene oil stocked illegally outside the boundary of a BSL quarter in Sector IV/E.Kumar said he acted on a tip off and when he reached the house he found five drums of kerosene stocked close to the boundary wall. Later, they also found more than 50 litres of kerosene inside the house. Each drum had a capacity of 250 litres.The owner of the house fled before the team arrived. \"The nexus between the owner of the house and the PDS dealer cannot be ruled out. An FIR has been lodged against him under the Essential Commodities Act by the district marketing officer. Kerosene oil can be sold only through PDS shops but it is being sold in open markets,\" said the SDO.Many PDS shops were found closed during the inspection. It is mandatory for PDS shops to remain open between 8 am and noon and 4 and 6 pm every day. \"I found two shops closed in Sector VI,\" said an official. Those who inspected the shops in Sector VIII said two dealers had not maintained distribution registers, thereby indicating their mala fide intentions.In Kasmar, it was found that PDS dealers were giving much less rice than the actual quota. \"Against 35 kg, the dealers were giving only 30 kg,\" a team official said. The officials will submit the report to the DC after which further action will be taken. Five months ago, similar checks were conducted in which officials found irregularities on the part of 13 dealers, whose licences were terminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16095469", "title": "High court asks deputy commissioner of police to probe Kurla doctor\u2019s death", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after a 23-year-old doctor was found mysteriously dead in his car at Kurla, the Bombay high court has asked a deputy commissioner of police of the crime branch to investigate the case.Hearing a petition filed by deceased Dr Mukund Kedia's parents, a division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice R Y Ganoo asked the officer to submit a report by September 17. Dr Kedia was found dead in his car on May 4, 2010. A post-mortem report had initially termed that the death was due to cardiac arrest.However, Dr Kedia's parents suspected foul play and expert opinion of doctors from both KEM and Sion hospitals indicated that the death may have been due to asphyxia, claimed advocate Abhishek Yende, counsel for the petitioner.\"The parents suspect a criminal conspiracy by some of their son's colleagues, who might be behind the death. Some financial irregularities that their son had objected to could have been the reason they decided to do away with him,\" Yende said.The petition alleged that despite the fact that an FIR was registered in 2011, the police have failed to nab any accused. Yende pointed out that the doctor who had reportedly given a wrong post-mortem finding had been sacked. \"The police have failed to solve the case,\" said Yende.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094668", "title": "Sesa Goa shuts down coke plant in Navelim", "text": "PANAJI: Sesa Goa on Friday shut down its coke oven plant at Navelim village in Bicholim taluka.This is following the orders by the Goa state pollution control board directing the Vedanta subsidiary to close down its coke oven plant three days ago after an inspection was conducted by them there.The 48-hour time given to the company ended Friday. The inspection was conducted following a complaint of air pollution as soot had entered people's houses on August 17.Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) had issued the directions under Section 31(A) of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and Section 33(A) of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974.Officials said that the company stopped operations of its coke oven plant at Navelim. Sesa Goa, has asserted that it is adhering to all the rules and regulations at its pig iron plant. Officials said that the incident that occurred on August 17 and 18 was just \"a matter of misfortune\" wherein two high capacity diesel burners required for heating process, had misfired resulting in the generation of soot.The burners were replaced by small capacity burners. The deputy collector of Bicholim, Narayan Gad, asked Sesa Goa's coke oven plant at Navelim to follow directives given by the Goa state pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16124803", "title": "Bunny Vasu bags CGR rights for West Godavari", "text": "After successfully distributing power star Pawan Kalyan's industry hit Gabbar Singh for West Godavari region, producer Bunny Vasu has now acquired the theatrical distribution rights of Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu for West Godavari area.Bunny Vasu, who turned producer with the film 100% Love, has distributed several films earlier and happens to be a close aide of Allu Aravind.Albeit Vasu started distribution in West Godavari district long back with 'Arya', his first major project was 'Magadheera' in the region but that was in partnership. However, his fortunes changed when he bagged the theatrical rights of Gabbar Singh and raked in the moolah. The distributor-producer is expecting similar outcome for Pawan Kalyan's new film too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16093013", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Yuva Morcha panel sweeps Goa university poll", "text": "PANAJI: The Akhil Bharatiya Yuva Morcha-supported panel swept the elections to the Goa university's students council held on Friday but it was not without controversy.Gaurang Panandiker of V M Salgaocar College of Law was elected to the post of president of the council while Nikhil Desai of CES college, Cuncolim, was elected as secretary.They defeated Gitesh Khandekar and Rajendra Naik Gaonkar respectively, who were candidates of the independent panel backed by Nationalist Congress Party-Congress student activists.Days Dasha Darlita of St Xavier's college, Mapusa, was elected as lady representative defeating Kenieshia Menezes.Bhingarde Nikhil of Goa engineering college, Dhume Sarvesh Chandrasekar of Kare law college; Prajot Gauns Dessai of Government college, Quepem; and Viraj Pandit of Dnyanprasarak college Assagao; Vaihav Shetye of Dempo college and Vijay Toraskar of Dhempe college, Miramar, were elected as members.This was announced by the convenor of Goa university student council committee and director of students welfare Rahul Tripathi.Speaking to TOI, Tripathi expressed happiness that the turnout was very good for the polls. He said 44 university representatives out of 49 participated in the election which is 88%.Ritesh Rawal of Nationalist Students Congress said their panel boycotted the poll proceedings alleging political bias by university authorities. He alleged that there were several irregularities and said they would move the court on the election issue.Tripathi said the election was conducted as per the rules and that it was held in a free and fair manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107394", "title": "Civic complaints to go online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the failure of its Facebook Page and telephone complain centre to redress civic complaints of the residents, Chandigarh municipal corporation is all set to launch an online complaint redressal system for the public in coming week or two. With this residents will be able to register their complaint on a complaint link given on the MC's official website and receive a prompt reply on the issue. According to information, as soon as a resident clicks on the complaint icon given on MC's official website, he will get a list of all the departments of MC along with the officers of each wing and their respected area. The complainant can then submit his complaint to the concerned officer and the information regarding work done will automatically reach the concerned. Joint commissioner of MC Rajiv Kumar Gupta said, \"Through this system, residents will be able to contact the concerned officer directly and will get reply after the redressal of the complaint. The system will start within 10 to 15 days.\" Another officer of the MC IT wing said, \"Earlier it was difficult to locate the officer for redressing a complaint since MC's engineering wing is huge and has many sub divisions. But with this new system everything will be on record and officers will have to respond in a time-bound manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089605", "title": "Defence employee found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A defence employee was found murdered in an under-construction building in Miyapur on Friday morning. Miyapur police said the partially decomposed body of Sheik Nagoor (50), was found with his throat slit.During their investigation, police found an identification card on the victim which suggested that he was in the employ of defence ministry. He worked in the engineering wing of a defence facility at Hakeempet.Police are still uncertain about the motive behind the murder and are trying to contact the victim's kin to gather information. A murder case was registered and Miyapur police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16093631", "title": "8 suspended for ragging juniors in Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Eight engineering students of Jai Narayan Vyas University in Jodhpur were suspended following complaints of ragging by junior students. In a meeting held on Thursday, the university's anti-ragging committee found them guilty of ragging juniors and suspended them till further orders.According to university authorities, the accused students are pursuing engineering courses from MBM Engineering College in Jodhpur.\"We have been receiving complaints against eight students. They are Chetan Sharma, Ankur Inani, Vinay Agrawal, Nikhil Goyal, Kaushik Garg, Kapildev Singhal, Sanjay Kumar Sarsawat and Vinay Agrawal,\" said a university official.The official said the complaints were recently verified, following which the authorities decided to place the students under temporary suspension.The official said that senior students have been barred from entering the classroom of first year BE students (Bachelor of Engineering).\"The senior students have been warned against getting involved in any ragging activity as it might draw severe punishment,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16089908", "title": "Tourism ex-managing director batting for Hyderabad Golf Association?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly a month after activists raised a hue and cry about the excavation work at Naya Qila being carried out under police protection, it turns out that the cops' help was actually sought by the AP Tourism and Development Corporation. Earlier, it was alleged that the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) had sought police protection to carry out work in the heritage precinct but a letter written by Sandeep Kumar Sultania, former managing director of APTDC, dated July 26, 2012, has surfaced now, making it clear that it was the senior official who was batting for HGA.Sultania's letter has got the goat of activists as it describes them as 'unruly elements' disrupting work and requests for police protection at the site for completion of the grassing work. He states that the grassing work by HGA was done under the supervision of Archeological Survey of India (ASI) and urges the higher authorities to ensure that the work is not interrupted as the golf course is one of the main venues for the upcoming COP 11. The officials addressed include the district magistrate of Hyderabad, joint collector and principal secretary to the governor.Activists protesting against the excavation and laying of pipes at the Qutub Shahi garden to draw water from the Naya Qila Talaab were stopped by police personnel stationed at the site on August 2. Although initially police officials said that the work was being taken up by GHMC, it was later reported that the GHMC had not instructed any contractor to take up any such work there. Activists alleged that the HGA was behind the work as draining the water body would enable them to encroach upon the land.Reacting to the letter, social activist Manatosh Mandal said, \"We are all respectable people who were protesting against the illegal activity at the site and it is wrong to label us as 'unruly' persons without proper validation. We will now write to the governor and will surely pursue the matter till the end.\" He added that they had filed an RTI application asking for details regarding the nature of the work and are still awaiting a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16107924", "title": "Virat Kohli - the lone slipper", "text": "BANGALORE: On the eve of the second Test, there was an extended slip catching session for Virat Kohli, coach Duncan Fletcher and fielding coach Trevor Penny, marking the young man out for some special treatment.Kohli dived to his left and right, took some and dropped some. Kohli was all alone and that generally is not a good thing for slip fielders, especially when it is not a spin session that is being simulated.It showed on the first morning of the Test when Kohli, stationed at third slip, came in the way of a regulation catch to Suresh Raina at second slip.Perhaps had he practised more with one or two people around him, like it happens when the quicks are bowling in a match, it would have helped.Bowler Zaheer Khan had to rue his luck as he had, just before that ball to Martin Guptill, insisted on strengthening the slip cordon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16090756", "title": "Rajasthan bats for right to change birth name", "text": "JAIPUR: What's in a name? Plenty, if you ask Rajasthan's directorate of economics and statistics. The directorate has sent a suggestion to Registrar General of India (RGI) to make an amendment in Registration of Birth and Death (RBD) Act giving at least one chance to a person to change his birth name to the name of his choice at later date.According to the prevailing Act, a person's name cannot be changed in the birth certificate once it is issued by the directorate. People can change their names through courts but in birth certificates, the old name cannot be struck off, the directorate said.\"It is a right of a person to have a name of his or her choice,\" say officials of the directorate. If accepted, persons unhappy with their birth name would be able to change it , a move that may be most welcome to the 'Hari Sadoos' of the world. \"At present there is no provision for a change of name in the Act. The name in the birth certificate has to remain the same throughout one's life. We have sent a suggestion to RGI for an amendment in the Act so that people could get at least one opportunity to change their names. So if someone is unhappy with the name Pappu, now he can change it,\" said chief registrar S M Raigar. A directorate official said that there is a process of issuing a birth certificate. After a baby born in a hospital, parents register his or her birth within 21 days. \"Once name of the child is filled in the birth registration certificate, it cannot be changed in the certificate,\" he said.But, he added, that it is often that the names are not finalized within this 21 days and so often people do not collect birth registration certificate. \"Such people often come up and request a fresh birth certificate with their new name which is not possible as per the Act,\" he said. Advocate Sarfaraz Haider Khan said, \"There is a process for changing names through collectorate. An applicant has to file an affidavit at sub divisional magistrate. And after that he has to publicize it in new papers.\"However, a new amendment may save many the hassle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16103002", "title": "Covered signs leave commuters confused", "text": "MHOW: The posters of the recently-concluded rally of the BJP youth wing stuck over signboards on Rau-Dewas bypass are proving to be a big hurdle for commuters, especially for those travelling from Indore to Nemawar.The ongoing work of broadening of the road is adding to the confusion as all the junctions on the bypass look alike. In many cases, the commuters take a wrong route to Nemawar.Radheshyam Mukati, a fruit vendor at the junction, said he has to guide about 50-60 commuters daily about the Nemawar road.He said many people return from Ralamandal square after realizing that they taken a wrong route.Mukesh Patel, the tea vendor at the square, said he too has to continuously guide the people about the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16096375", "title": "Beach buggies to keep swimmers at bay", "text": "CHENNAI: In the aftermath of the drowning of an engineering college student off Elliot's Beach on Thursday, police have employed all-terrain vehicles (beach buggies) to work extra time to keep a tab on swimmers. In the past four weeks, police have penalised more than 500 people for venturing into the sea ignoring police warning.Policemen on beach buggies, who have been patrolling the seashore from 4pm to 9pm will now do the rounds till midnight to keep people away from the sea. They will also put up more warning boards highlighting the danger of high tides and the turbulent sea.Police are now using private beach buggies as they haven't received the two vehicles sanctioned by the state government.\"It is difficult to walk on the sands for long, and beach buggies have come handy for us. The very sight of the vehicle should deter people from getting into the water. This is helpful in curbing robbery and other crime also,\" said inspector Sundaresan.Apart from beach buggies, a team of four policemen will go in different directions to monitor people's movement on the shore.\"We have received complaints that many people consume liquor sitting inside their car and later step into water only to get drowned,\" he said.Beach buggies run on low-pressure tyres. It has handlebars for steering control, like two-wheelers. It is designed to travel on various kinds of terrain. The vehicles help in controlling large number of people congregating on the beaches.On August 2, the state government sanctioned nine such vehicles for patrolling on Marina Beach and Elliot's Beach. Similarly, all-terrain motorcycles and a jeep each have also been sanctioned for 12 police stations of the coastal security group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16089015", "title": "3 held after Maharashtra industries minister Narayan Rane gets stuck in a lift for 45 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: For once, the political warhorse's clout and cunning could not extract him out of a tight spot immediately. State industries minister Narayan Rane got trapped in an elevator for 45 minutes with five members of his entourage on Thursday afternoon. During that period, many distress calls went out and the police ran helter-skelter. Three employees of the lift's maintenance firm were arrested and booked following the incident.Making light of the episode, the senior Congress leader said he has directed the police to desist from blowing it out of proportion. \"Everything was brought under control in time,\" said a close aide of the minister.Rane went to Mangal Murti, an eight-storey commercial centre on Linking Road in Santa Cruz, around noon on Thursday on a \"personal visit\" with his bodyguards and officer on special duty. As he and five members of his posse were inside, the elevator got stuck on the third floor. Soon, calls for help were made to the police and the fire brigade. The cops responded within 10 minutes.But since no technical help could be found, the police informed Otis, the elevator's maintenance handler.Otis' engineers arrived at the building in about half an hour. Within 10 minutes of that, they brought down the elevator and pried its doors open from outside. The fire brigade reached the spot after the drama ended. The delay, senior fire officials said, was because of heavy traffic and confusion over the building location.Following the rescue, the Santa Cruz police registered a case under Section 336 of the Indian Penal Code (endangering life or personal safety of others) and arrested three Otis staffers. They were released on bail the same day. \"It is not the first time a complaint has been received regarding this elevator's maintenance. Considering this, the employees should have taken greater care to ensure the safety of patrons visiting the building,\" said a senior police officer.An Otis spokesperson refused to comment despite repeated attempts, while representatives of a clothing store on Mangal Murti's first three floors said Rane was using a common lift in the building and not the store's.Maharashtra's public works department has faced frequent criticism over poor maintenance of nearly 73,000 lifts in the state. There are reportedly only 11 engineers to inspect these thousands of elevators. \"The lift maintenance and upkeep in residential and commercial buildings still remains woefully inadequate even though the government has tried filling up some vacancies of inspectors,\" said activist Krishnaraj Rao. Rao was a co-applicant in an RTI plea that revealed there was only one PWD inspector for 6,500 lifts in Maharashtra until 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16098147", "title": "Panel to hold meet after auditor slams civic body", "text": "NASHIK: The Standing Committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to convene a special meeting next week to discuss the auditor's report for the civic body for the financial year 2006-07. The report which was tabled at the standing committee meeting on July 26, has highlighted financial and administrative lapses.Following this, civic body members had sought an enquiry against officials whose departments had been highlighted. Speaking to TOI, standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said, \"A special meeting to discuss the audit report of NMC for the financial year 2006-07 will be organized next week. \"The auditor, in its report, has objected to lapses including octroi, building and construction, accounts, health, public relations, water supply and town planning. The auditor slammed the NMC for showing diesel storage capacity of 28,000 to 30,0000 litres when the actual capacity of the NMC's diesel tank was 22,000 litres. The report pointed out that the octroi department had not checked the accounts of Nashik-based automotive major Mahindra &amp; Mahindra from whom the NMC gets major revenue.Additionally, it was found that the software for the octroi department also displayed several errors. Further the NMC administration had also not introduced the new pension scheme for its employees. There had also been no progress over health enquiries.An unauthorized electricity supply was being given from the public lavatories of the NMC. There was confusion in bills by the building and construction department as the measurement book had not been properly maintained.There had also been no decision made regarding Rs 17crore at financially troubled banks. The gardens department had not given any written details to the auditor and its maintenance register was incomplete. There was also no mention of the number of entry tickets availed at the Phalke memorial water park. The register of the NMC fertilizer project was incomplete. The water supply department had no stock register. It was also pointed out that NMC properties were given on rental basis at nominal rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16098925", "title": "Applications out for postal jobs", "text": "CHENNAI: The department of posts, Tamil Nadu circle has called for applications for recruitment to the posts of postal assistants (PA), sorting assistants, PA mail motor service, PA savings bank control organisation, PA returned letter office and PA foreign post.Application forms are available at selected head post office counters for. Application forms can also be downloaded from www.indiapost.gov.in. The form costs 50 and 200 should be paid towards examination fee. Candidates belonging to SC/ST community, women and disabled are exempted from paying the examination fee. A seven-digit registration number printed on the downloaded application form should be written on the receipt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089204", "title": "'Show me the money', CBSE tells schools", "text": "NAGPUR: The closely guarded secret of how much money a CBSE school earns annually is coming soon to a computer screen near you! The central board has now made it mandatory for schools to display annual financial statements on their website. This initiative is part of the accreditation drive initiated by the board.Schools are required to undergo mandatory accreditation once every three years. The process has started from this year so the maximum any school can delay the display of financial information is for another three years.The board has evoked provisions of Recognition Norms and Procedure as prepared by the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE). In fact, the board is asking every school to sign a mandatory disclosure agreement before granting accreditation. Point no. 10 of this agreement asks schools to reveal their annual income and expenditure. On the basis of that, the school's surplus/deficit will be calculated and displayed on the site. Also the school will have to give break down of how it has derived its income (fee, others etc). Fee structure for every class has to be displayed, giving a bifurcation between tuition fee and other charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096379", "title": "Airport line closure to end cops\u2019 easy days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since its inception, the IGI Metro airport police station \u2014 set up to cater to the Express line between New Delhi railway station and IGI Airport \u2014 has registered just a single FIR on May 15. For cops posted here, it is the \"coolest'' posting with \"zero hassles.'' But now with the airport line shutting down, the higher ups in Delhi railway police have asked the force here to relocate themselves to other railway and Metro police stations across the city.\"The Metro network is already one of the biggest in the world and small incidents like pickpocketing are on the rise. We want to curb such practices. As such, we cannot allow our manpower to sit idle,'' said an officer adding that once the line reopens the staff will be \"called back'' depending on the needs.The officers at one of the \"safest\" police stations that come under the Crime and Railways are, however, a divided lot. \"We had practically little to do here. Hence, we could use this time to look in to other cases involving the Metro police. We also attended courses involved with investigations. It's sad we have to now shift so quickly,'' said a junior official.However, another official claimed he was \"happy to be back in action.'' \"Truthfully, I was getting bored there. Commuting too was a major problem here. But for the 40 odd men here, we are happy to get back to work,'' said a constable.Many in this group said that with CISF controlling the main security of the Metro stations including the check-ins, security drills involved mere routine deployments during an alert or important government holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16104290", "title": "Ex-marine on rampage in US, kills 2", "text": "NEW YORK: An ex-Marine, armed with an AK-47 assault rifle and an automatic pistol fired indiscriminately in a New Jersey supermarket, killing two co-workers before turning the gun on himself on Friday, in the fourth major shooting incident in the US in over a month. The gunman was identified as 23-year-old Terence Tyler, an ex-Marine who worked at the Pathmark store for the last two weeks, the local WABC TV reported.Earlier this month, an exarmyman Wade Michael Page went on a shooting spree inside a gurudwara in Wisconson killing six members of the Sikh community as they were making preparations for Sunday morning prayer service.He fired shots which killed two people and then killed himself, Old Bridge mayor Owen Henry said. \"This is the worst phone call a mayor can receive,\" Henry said.\"You can prepare for these things but you can't prevent them. The gunman, an ex-Marine , had been working at the store for about two weeks,\" Henry was quoted by the New Jersey Star Ledger as saying.The employee opened fire at the Pathmarket store in Old Bridge in New Jersey at around 4 am on Friday morning as some workers were preparing to open the store, Middlesex county prosecutor Bruce Kaplan said.Authorities said the man left the store around 3.30am and returned a half-hour later with a handgun, AK-47 assault rifle and multiple ammunition magazines.The man fired the rifle at the first workers he saw, killing an 18-year-old woman and a 24-year-old man as other workers hid, Kaplan said.He fired at least 16 rounds and windows of the store were also smashed in the shootout. He then turned the gun on himself. Authorities are investigating the motive of the shooting. The victims were \"not specifically targeted. I believe everyone in the store was a target\" , Kaplan said.Around 12 to 14 night shift workers were present in the store, and some of them hid when the gunman opened fire.The incident comes just a week after a 58-year-old designer at an apparel store near Empire State Building shot and killed his former co-worker outside the iconic New York tourist destination.Colorado killer called shrink just before massacreJames Holmes, the shooter who gunned down 12 people at a US movie theatre, tried unsuccessfully to call his university psychiatrist nine minutes before he opened fire, defence attorneys said. Holmes had called a University of Colorado switchboard, which can be used to get in contact with faculty members during off hours, public defender Tamara Brady said in court. It wasn't clear why he called Dr Lynne Fenton, his psychiatrist, and she wasn't immediately available to talk to him. Holmes, 24, is accused of marching into the packed theatre in Aurora, a suburb of Denver, Colorado, during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie, \"The Dark Knight Rises\", on July 20, opening fire and killing 12 people and injuring 58 others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094416", "title": "3 in cop net for \u2018sexually abusing\u2019 toddler", "text": "MUMBAI: Three members of a family were arrested by the Goregaon police on Thursday after their neighbours accused them of sexually abusing an 11-month-old boy.According to the police, the accused were booked on assault charges after a medical examination of the toddler revealed a swelling on his private parts, but no injuries. The accused, Ilyas Shaikh (25), his wife Waheeda (28) and sister, Rubina (26), reside at Prem Nagar in Goregaon (W). The victim stayed with his parents.\"Around 10.30am on Tuesday, the victim's mother went out for shopping after leaving him with Waheeda. When she returned, her son was crying. She was shocked to find that his private parts were swollen,\" he added.However, when the swelling didn't subside the toddler was admitted to a local hospital. Doctors said he had developed an infection in his private parts, but said there was no bleeding, laceration or wounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16090450", "title": "Water row takes Seema vs Andhra hue", "text": "HYDERABAD: The regional row over water took a serious turn on Friday when Nandyal Congress MP SPY Reddy resigned from the Lok Sabha in protest against the release of Krishna water from Srisailam into Nagarjunsagar dam to eventually reach the farmers of the Krishna delta in the Andhra region.Reddy, a third-term Congress MP, who was in Delhi, sent his resignation letter through his PA to the Lok Sabha Speaker's office on Friday morning and immediately left for Hyderabad. \"There is no use in continuing in the party when the chief minister does not pay heed to a party MP's request. I am answerable to my people who are in dire need of water. I met Kiran Kumar thrice and requested him not to release water downstream until it reached the sufficient level. But he ignored my request,\" SPY Reddy told TOI.With farmers in the Krishna delta region (comprising Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam and West Godavari districts) supported by the TDP and CPI agitating for release of water, the state government on Friday morning released 21,000 cusecs downstream from Srisailam reservoir into Nagarjunsagar from where it would reach the Krishna delta.SPY Reddy said he had urged the state not to release water downstream from Srisailam until the level in the reservoir touched 845 feet, which he claimed would happen in the next 5 days. According to Reddy, SRBC, Telugu Ganga and KC canal which cater to the Rayalaseema region, would not get any water from Potireddypadu head regulator unless the water level at Srisailam touched 845 ft. However, the state went ahead and released water on Friday when the water level at Srisailam was 839 feet.Claiming that the release of water was in violation of the state's own GO maintaining the minimum water level at various reservoirs, the Nandyal MP put in his papers immediately. Minutes after Reddy's resignation, Panyam MLA Katasani Rambhupal Reddy also threatened to quit and more MLAs from the region including Silpa Mohan Reddy are expected to follow suit. SPY Reddy said he would withdraw his resignation if the state immediately stopped the release of water downstream. The MP also demanded immediate closure of three units of Srisailam hydel project.Nalgonda Congress MP Gutha Sukhender Reddy and four others on Friday filed two separate petitions in the HC seeking a direction to the state government not to release water from Nagarjunasagar reservoir even if the water level was above 510 feet at the reservoir. The MP urged the court to direct the authorities not to release water other than for drinking purpose and before fulfilling the needs of fluoride affected Nalgonda. He told the court that water stored at Nagarjunasagar reservoir has to cater to the needs of various districts and Greater Hyderabad. The MP and another petitioner Hasan Ali contended in their petitions that efforts of the government in releasing water from Nagarjunasagar other than for drinking water purposes was inexplicable, arbitrary and illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16124459", "title": "Dia Mirza loved Ashton Kutcher's gesture", "text": "Ashton's hush hush visit to UP and Delhi made news for a lot of reason, and not the least for his visit to Apne Aap, an NGO that works for girls pushed into illegal prostitution, a cause he has embraced for the last four years.On Friday, Ashton made time to spend a few hours at the Dharampura facility where the NGO works with girls in the villages there. Later, Ashton even put online his experience of the time spent there alongwith a picture, with the words, \"Met some powerful girls today in Delhi at Apne Aap : A grassroots movement to end sex trafficking!\" Among the ones lauding Ashton for his dedication to the cause of girl traficking was actress and producer Dia Mirza who even re-tweeted the picture. She later told us, \"I retweeted it (Ashton's picture with the Dharampura girls) because its good to see that even though he is here to film for a few days, he made time for such a noble cause. I admire celebrities that 'use' their celebrity to make a differance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16105426", "title": "\u2018Missing woman\u2019: Tourist joins night-long search for herself", "text": "LONDON: An Asian traveller to Iceland joined a nightlong search operation for herself after she failed to recognize her own description in details of a 'missing woman'. The woman was declared missing from a party touring the Eldgja volcanic region in south Iceland after getting off the party's bus to freshen up, the Daily Mail reported.She hopped off the bus briefly, but had also changed her clothes \u2014 and her fellow travellers did not recognize her when she climbed back on again to continue the party's journey. Soon the search began for a woman described as Asian, around 160cm, in dark clothing and speaking English well.When the details of the missing person were issued, the woman reportedly didn't recognize her own description and unwittingly joined the search party for herself. After a night-long operation involving around 50 people, the 'missing woman' eventually realized she was the source of the search and informed the cops. The search began on Saturday, but was called off at 3am on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097261", "title": "Zion school boss gets bail, to pay 5L to victim\u2019s kin", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly five weeks after he was arrested in connection with the death of a Class 2 student, Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School correspondent N Vijayan was on Friday released on bail by the Madras high court.Justice G M Akbar Ali, granting conditional bail to Vijayan, directed him to deposit a sum of 5 lakh as compensation to the family of the victim. \"He (the school correspondent) shall stay at Trichy and report to the judicial magistrate-I daily at 10.30am for a period of two weeks,\" the judge ordered.The motor vehicle inspector, Rajasekaran, who too was arrested a day after Shruthi's death last month, was also granted conditional bail. The official, now suspended, will have to deposit 2 lakh to be paid as compensation to the child's family, the judge said, adding that Rajasekaran too shall stay at Trichy for a period of two weeks.The condition to keep them away from the city had been laid down in view of the apprehension expressed by the investigation authorities that they were \"men of means\" and may try to tamper with evidence and hamper investigation.Justifying the bail relief to them, Justice Akbar Ali pointed out that the material part of the investigation was already over and that the depositions and statement of the complainant, witnesses and some parents who had reported about the hole in the bus to the accused, had already been completed. Also, the duo was in prison for more than 30 days and that police did not seek their custodial interrogation too, he said.Shruthi, a Class 2 student of Zion school, died after slipping through a gaping hole on the floor of her school bus on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16126258", "title": "BJP to continue to disrupt Parliament: Venkaiah Naidu", "text": "CHENNAI: Sticking to its demand for resignation of Manmohan Singh for irregularities in coal block allocation, BJP on Saturday vowed to continue its \"parliamentary tactic\" of stalling proceedings and challenged the Congress to seek a fresh mandate from people.BJP leader and Rajya Sabha MP M Venkaiah Naidu said his party was not demanding the resignation of Congress-led UPA government merely on the alleged \"coalgate\" scam but also on a \"series of scams and issues,\" including the 2G spectrum allocation.\"This UPA government has become a burden on the country and it should go. BJP is demanding not just the resignation of the Prime Minister, but that of the entire Cabinet. This is culmination of so many scams and scandals including 2G and Adarsh Housing,\" he said.Speaking to reporters here, Naidu said the Singh-led government had also failed on the fronts of economy, agriculture and inflation.He claimed that Congress was not in a position to face the polls as \"people are waiting to teach them a lesson.\"On his party's persistent stalling of the proceedings of both the Houses of Parliament, he said, \"We do agree\" that business should carry on but the goverment was \"bulldozing\" the opposition.\"They don't act after a debate; don't adhere to accountability. This parliamentary accountability is as important as debates,\" he said.Defending the continued stalling of Parliament, Naidu said his party \"cannot remain mute spectator to loot of nation's wealth.\"He said besides Prime Minister's resignation, all the coal allocation licenses should be revoked and a re-auction held besides conducting an independent inquiry into the matter.Naidu also slammed Prime Minister and the Congress leaders for \"criticising,\" CAG .Hitting out at Congress' criticism of BJP for disrupting Parliament, he said the former had resorted to similar tactics as opposition and stalled proceedings on \"flimsy grounds,\" including on issues like the Babri mosque demolition which he recalled had happened during the Congress rule in 1992.\"When Congress disrupts, it is in nation's interest and when we do is it a crime?\" he said, while asking Congress not to \"preach sermons,\" to his party.Asked if he foresaw mid-term polls, he replied: \"We don't know how long this government will survive\" and BJP will evolve its strategy accordingly.Responding to a question on MNS supremo Raj Thackeray's threat to brand Bihari migrants as \"infiltrators,\" he said BJP did not subscribe to such theory.\"We dont agree with him. Every Indian has an equal right to move to any part of the country,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16091734", "title": "Maharashtra sets one-month deadline for new airport rehabilitation deals", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over escalations in costs for the Rs 14,000 crore Navi Mumbai international airport (NMIA) project, the state government has set itself a four-week deadline to decide compensation packages for those whose land needs to be acquired.The airport is to be developed over 2,042 hectares. This includes about 485 hectares of private land, which is yet to be acquired.On Friday, union aviation secretary K N Shrivastava, who presided over a project review meeting, asked the state administration to resolve the issue on a priority basis. Confirming the development, state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia disclosed plans to submit a proposal for compensation before the cabinet within a month's time.The Cidco, which is the nodal agency for NMIA, has already worked out a land-for-land formula, where 22.5% of developed land in Navi Mumbai will be offered as compensation to project affected persons (PAPs). At the meeting, the state administration reiterated its demand for setting up of a chief secretary-headed high-powered committee to oversee the process of selection of the concessionaire for the airport's development.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had flagged off the demand before the Prime Minister earlier this month.Also discussed was the contentious issue of the transfer of land and the equity share of Cidco and the Airport Authority of India (AAI). Approvals pending for mangrove park development, diversion of Ulwe River, etc. were also discussed. Shrivastava has offered to send senior ministry officials on deputation to the state to fast-track the approval process.Projects identified for connectivity to the airport were also reviewed and the rehabilitation plan was discussed. Besides NMIA, contentious issues concerning the MIHAN projects and proposed airports in Chakan and Nagpur were also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16104216", "title": "Inmates had taken photos of Nabha jail interiors", "text": "PATIALA: After details of ISD calls, it has now come to light that inmates of Nabha maximum security jail had also clicked pictures of various parts of the jail and stored it in their cellphones.The existence of around eight pictures of jail interiors has confirmed that mobiles were easily available inside the jail and were frequently used by inmates. The photos pertain to the barracks, its outside areas and some entry points. Senior police officers suspect that inmates clicked these photos to supply the same to their outside or foreign-based links to get their help in jailbreak or for other serious purposes.Since inmates had access to internet as well and received voice over internet protocol (VOIP) calls, the investigation team suspects that the photos might have landed in the hands of some anti-national elements.During the scrutiny of call detail report (CDR), it has also come to light that jail inmates had been in constant touch with their foreign links in Pakistan, Germany, UK and France.\"We are conducting investigations to ascertain the reasons for clicking these photos. The inmates have apparently clicked the photos for some serious reasons and kept these saved. If they did not have any serious reason, they would have deleted these photos after clicking,\" said Patiala range deputy inspector general (DIG), L K Yadav, who is supervising the investigations.Police investigations to ascertain names of persons, whose identity proofs were used to get the seized SIMs, have shown that more than five SIMs were got released on fake IDs while the remaining came on fake addresses. In some cases, addresses were right, but owners say they have never got these SIMs issued, while in other cases, all details were fake.The SIMs were secured by using the addresses at Patran, Malerkotla, Patiala city and some surrounding areas.It has also come to light that inmates not only changed their SIM cards, but used to change their mobile sets also after conducting one or two calls. Police have been trying to get details of the international mobile equipment identity (IMEI) of these phones to ascertain further leads.\"They could have used the mobiles of jail officials. In that case, jail officials will face strict departmental action after we get the records of IMEI,\" said a senior police officer, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16105345", "title": "Flight diverted in China after false threat", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese airline flight, on its way from Xiangyang to Shenzhen, was diverted on Friday to Wuhan in central China due to an unspecified threat.Investigators found no dangerous items either on the Shenzhen Airlines flight or in the passengers' belongings after its diversion.It came a day after a New York-bound Air China flight was forced to return to Beijing hours after it took off following a threat.The police carried out extensive search on the aircraft, but found nothing suspicious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16102446", "title": "Pack of dogs mauls stag to death in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: A stag, which had strayed from Chamundi Hills, was mauled to death by a pack of dogs here on Friday. However, forest authorities said the probability of the stag straying from Chamundi Hills is remote.The stag appears to be tame, and it is suspected that it may have escaped from its captor.ACF Duregegowda told TOI that this is the second such incident in Mysore in the past six weeks. The department will soon launch a drive to find out if such protected species are being reared on the sly. Locals can also help the department by alerting them if they are aware of such incidents, he said.Each time a deer has strayed, forest authorities have been clueless from the animal has strayed.Friday's incident took place behind a high-end resort at the foot of Chamundi Hills. Santhosh, an employee of a hotel, saw the pack of dogs mauling the stag around 6 in the morning. He and his friend chased the dogs, numbering seven to ten, the ACF explained.Durgegowda said that by the time their staff reached the spot the stag was dead. There were dog bites all over its body. The stag was around 5 years. Officials say it could have died of shock following the attack. It was later cremated. This is the third such incident in the past one year\u2014 one was in the upscale Gokulam Layout and another at Police Layout on the outskirts of Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16124797", "title": "Nani shoots first, Ravi joins next!", "text": "The unit of Samuthirakani's Nimirndhu Nil is back in the city after shooting certain important scenes and a song in Chalakudy and Goa.A source says, \"Samuthirakani has been shooting continuously in interesting locales in Chalakudy and Goa for his Tamil-Telugu bilingual for almost 20 days now. The unit returned to the city almost 10 days ago.\"The source adds, \"Samuthirakani had planned out the schedule in such a way that Nani shot first with Amala for his portions for the Telugu version. And Ravi joined the crew later to can his scenes. This way, the dates of these actors didn't get wasted.\"And Amala, who is part of both the versions, seemed to have had a lot of fun shooting with both the heroes.The source says, \"She shot for a song in the rain. She was heard saying that getting drenched in the rain and playing in the waterfalls were the best part of the whole schedule!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16099283", "title": "Let Subodh Kant Sahay quit first, BJP tells PM", "text": "RANCHI: The BJP on Friday intensified its opposition in coalgate scam asking the Prime Minister to obtain the resignation of Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay before quitting office.Former Union minister and BJP MP Yashwant Sinha addressed the media here on Friday seeking the resignation of Sahay for recommending two coal blocks in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh to M/s SKS Ispat Power Limited. \"The Prime Minister should seek Sahay's resignation before quitting office on moral grounds,\" he said. Stressing that the BJP will continue to ask for the PM's resignation in the coalgate scam, the Hazaribag MP said since Manmohan Singh was the coal minister for a considerable period between 2004 and 2009 during which government suffered heavy losses by allotting coal blocks to private parties at throwaway prices, the Prime Minister could not absolve himself of the moral and legal responsibility.The BJP has also targeted Sahay for recommending coal blocks to a private company that it claims to be owned by Sahay's family members. While the party leaders produced letters written by Sahay to the PMO in a press conference at Delhi, Sinha claimed that Sahay used his office and influence to get favours from the coal ministry that was under the Prime Minister in 2008 when the recommendations were sent.Asked about the role of chief ministers of the BJP-governed states in pushing ahead the competitive bidding scheme which has reportedly caused heavy losses to government exchequer, Sinha said the Congress was producing concocted facts to shield the Prime Minister.Referring the letter written by Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh on July 25, 2005, Sinha said he appealed to the coal ministry to adopt a policy in which interest of the state was given due consideration. \"Our chief ministers had only demanded proper share of profit to the coal bearing states and never dictated centre about the nature of policy they should adopt for allotment of coal blocks,\" he said.Accusing the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre for deliberately delaying the Mine and Mineral Development Regulations (MMDR) Act Sinha said the government was not willing to go for bidding process as has been provisioned in the act. \"The Congress government always wanted to allot blocks to private parties at its free will,\" he said.Sinha also accused the Centre of avoiding any investigation into the purported losses to government and said two BJP MPs, Prakash Javdekar and Hansraj Ahir wrote letters to the Chief Vigilance Commissioner on May 11 seeking its intervention. \"It was in response to that letter that the CVC directed the CBI to investigate into the matter,\" Sinha claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16123427", "title": "Nicole Scherzinger wants to have babies with Hamilton", "text": "Nicole Scherzinger is planning to start a family with her boyfriend Lewis Hamilton , but she first wants to finish her long to-do list.Speaking from Dubai during her Judges Houses stage of ' X Factor ,' the former Pussycat Doll said that she wants to concentrate on her career at the moment.\"Down the line, I definitely want kids. Family is so important,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.\"But I have stuff to do first. A couple of world tours, albums, movies... save a couple of countries, then I'll do it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16101601", "title": "Cancer on cherished value of secularism, says court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court hearing the Naroda Patia massacre case on Friday termed the incident a \"cancer for our cherished constitutional value of secularism\" while announcing the quantum of punishment for 31 convicts in the bloodiest killing of the post-Godhra violence where 97 Muslims were hacked to death on February 28, 2002 in retaliation to the killing of 59 Hindus in Sabarmati Express a day earlier.Refusing to buy the theory that the Godhra carnage was the only factor responsible for the Naroda Patia massacre, the court observed that such violence cannot be tolerated in a democratic country governed by a secular constitution. It observed that though the genesis was in Godhra carnage, but the motive of the convicts was to commit crime by taking law in their hands.Sixty-one persons were tried in the case and 32 were held guilty. The court imposed life imprisonment on each of the accused except one, Suresh Netalkar, who was absent from court proceeding. The court awarded former minister Maya Kodnani 28 years, and life imprisonment until his natural death to former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi. Seven others got 31 years for their participation in the killings.The court called the massacre a black chapter in the history of independent India. \"It is a case of multiple murders, which have marked a black dot on the secular salient feature of the Constitution of India... It was the day of a cyclone of violence, one of the black chapters in the history of democratic India where violation of human rights and constitutional rights were publicly done by the assaulters on the victims.\"Observing that communal violence cannot be tolerated in secular country like India, additional sessions judge Jyotsna Yagnik further said, \"Every citizen of this country must understand that one lives in the society where rule of law very much survives.\"The judge further observed, \"Taking lives of persons just because those persons have faith in another religion is bound to be dangerous and strikes at the very root of the orderly secular society which the founding fathers of our constitution dreamt of.\"The court dubbed the Naroda Patia massacre as a case of \"mass extermination\", but refused to treat it as rarest of the rare incident only because the verdict was reached 10 years after the incident, and the accused faced the agony of a long-pending and lengthy trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16108727", "title": "He helped nail Kodnani", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He is one of the most elderly witnesses and survivors of the Naroda Patia massacre. But 74-year-old Dilawar Saiyad's statement turned out to be the strongest evidence against BJP MLA Mayaben Kodnani. It was the cellphone location of Saiyad which were matched with that of Kodnani to ascertain that the convicted BJP leader was present at Naroda Patia.Saiyad told Special Investigation Team ( SIT) investigation the Naroda Patia massacre that he saw Kodnani distributing hockey sticks and weapons to people on February 28, 2002. He said that he saw Bipin Panchal, one of the convicts, carrying a sword given to him by Kodnani.He submitted that minutes after Kodnani distributed the weapons, a mob of over a thousand people came near her car and she took the leadership. Later, his cellphone location matched that of Kodnani at the time and date he had accused her of being at the location. \"I faced several threats. People told me that no one from my family had been hurt, but I wanted to see the culprits behind bars. It was a long and not easy battle at all, I feel elated after the verdict,\" said Saiyad, who wants to move to high court against the accused police officials and others let off by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16126187", "title": "Phone connectivity to get a boost from nanoresonators", "text": "WASHINGTON: Now, you can avoid the nuisance of dropped calls and slow downloads with the help of tiny mechanical devices that can improve the performance of your cell phone by easing congestion over the airwaves.Researchers from the Purdue University have designed devices called nanoelectromechanical resonators to ease congestion over the airwaves to improve the performance of cell phones and other portable devices.They contain a tiny beam of silicon that vibrates when voltage is applied.\"There is not enough radio spectrum to account for everybody's handheld portable device,\" Jeffrey Rhoads, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University said.The overcrowding results in dropped calls, busy signals, degraded call quality and slower downloads. To counter the problem, industry is trying to build systems that operate with more sharply defined channels so that more of them can fit within the available bandwidth.\"To do that you need more precise filters for cell phones and other radio devices, systems that reject noise and allow signals only near a given frequency to pass,\" Saeed Mohammadi, one of the researchers, said in a statement.Researchers have shown that the new devices are produced with a nearly 100 per cent yield, meaning nearly all of the devices created on silicon wafers were found to function properly.The nanoresonators control their vibration frequencies better than other resonators. The devices might replace electronic parts to achieve higher performance and lower power consumption.The new resonators could provide higher performance than previous MEMS, or microelectromechanical systems.\"We are not inventing a new technology, we are making them using a process that's amenable to large-scale fabrication, which overcomes one of the biggest obstacles to the widespread commercial use of these devices,\" researcher, Rhoads, said.In addition to their use as future cell phone filters, such nanoresonators also could be used for advanced chemical and biological sensors in medical and homeland-defense applications and possibly as components in computers and electronics.The findings were published in the journal IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16108468", "title": "With rain, diseases go viral", "text": "NEW DELHI: A wave of viral illness is sweeping across the city. Doctors say almost every third patient visiting the hospital OPDs these days is suffering from common cold, flu or gastroenteritis caused by viruses. Though self-limiting, these diseases tend to cause serious problems among high-risk individuals, including infants and elderly people.Dr M P Sharma, head of the internal medicine department at Rockland Hospital, said change of season always predisposes a person towards viral infections. \"The body takes time to adjust with the changing weather and during this time, viruses attack. The best way to avoid the infections is to eat healthy and stay away from infected persons,\" he said.Dr Sandeep Budhiraja, head of medicine department at Max hospital Saket, said that they are flooded with patients suffering from viral illness - common cold, fever and gastroenteritis among others. \"Most patients tend to get better in three to seven days with symptomatic treatment which may include anti-fever drugs and bed rest. But there are few cases, mostly infants, elderly people and those suffering from secondary health problems like diabetes or cancer, where close monitoring is required. We are getting many pneumonia cases also,\" Budhiraja said.Seema Sheokand, who works with an IT company in Nehru Place, said that everyone in her family was down with viral. \"Same is the case in office. Many colleagues have not turned up at work for over a week. I have myself joined after three days because I was down with fever,\" she said.Health experts say viruses are transmitted in two ways - through air and by consuming infected food or water.\"Common cold, flu and respiratory infections are usually spread through air when an infected person coughs, sneezes. It can happen in the classroom, offices or while you are travelling in crowded buses or metro trains. The best way to avoid catching the infection is to maintain hand hygiene and stay away from an infected person,\" said a senior doctor. He said that common cold and flu can develop into serious health problems like chest infection or pneumonia in infants and the elderly .The doctor added, \"Viruses also spread through contaminated food and water which can lead to fever, vomiting and diarrhea. Simple things like washing hands before eating, drinking filtered water, eating fresh food and getting vaccinated against diseases like typhoid can help keep us healthy.\"Asthma patients and those suffering from lung diseases like chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) must keep medicines handy, said Dr Arup Basu, chest specialist at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital. \"If symptoms continue, one must consult a doctor immediately,\" he said.Keeping your surroundings clean is equally important .\"Stagnant water is a breeding ground for mosquitoes that cause dengue and chikungunya. People should ensure that rain water is not collected in and around their houses. Flower vases, unused coolers are the most probable areas where mosquito breeding can occur in a household,\" said Dr N K Yadav, the municipal health officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16097773", "title": "Blueline rehabilitation plan in a month: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city government has informed the Delhi high court it will come out with a scheme for rehabilitation of Blueline operators within a month. A division bench led by acting Chief Justice A K Sikri directed the government on Friday to bring out a rehabilitation scheme as soon as possible.HC was hearing a plea by the Blueline operators seeking their rehabilitation. The government had earlier also claimed that plans are under consideration to formulate a better rehabilitation scheme for out-of-job Blueline bus operators.Earlier, the government had informed the bench that it had decided to allow former Blueline bus operators to run over 500 buses on two route clusters in the city if they bid after forming a firm or a cooperative society. But no operator will be allowed to run buses as individual entity, the authorities told HC.In their plea, the operators have sought a direction to the government for proper utilization of the buses. The court had on March 3 refused to extend the permits of Blueline buses after their expiry, saying pedestrians' right to life is more important than the right to livelihood of the bus operators. It, however, had directed the government to utilize the buses for some meaningful purpose.On May 9, the Supreme Court had upheld the high court's findings and asked the Blueline operators to place their pleas before the same court for consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16097925", "title": "Rajkot Municipal Corporation seeks Rs 66 crore central aid", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) commissioner Ajay Bhadoo on Friday sought an assistance of Rs 66 crore from a visiting team of central officials as short term assistance to mitigate water scarcity in the city. He submitted a memorandum on behalf of the civic body to the central team.Sources said it has been conveyed in the memorandum that this year the total rainfall in Rajkot till date has been only 141mm because of which there is no fresh inflow of water in any of the reservoirs. This has resulted in severe drinking water crisis in the city.The officials comprising the team were told that since 80 per cent monsoon is over, it is essential to take immediate measure to optimize drinking water supply to the city. The RMC has already imposed 50 per cent cut in water supply to the city. It was conveyed that the existing sources would suffice only till middle of September after which there would be total dependence on Narmada waters to maintain the present supply of water for 20 minutes on alternate days. Even with the supply being reduced to 20 minutes on alternate days daily, the total requirement of drinking water is 215 Million Litres Daily.The measures which RMC plans to initiate with the assistance of Rs 66 crore include commissioning of new bore wells at Lalpari, Randarda, Anandpar, Thorala Vidi and within the city limits, silt removal at Nyari and Aji dams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096465", "title": "Teacher in trouble after \u2018striptease\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The BKC police on Wednesday lodged an FIR against a 43-year-old assistant sports teacher of Mumbai University for allegedly changing clothes in front of female colleagues. Police are waiting for the university's probe report before arresting the culprit.The victims initially complained against Nilesh Lohar to V-C Rajan Welukar and other univ authorities on March 2. But when no action was against Lohar, the victims logged on to the police website in July and filed a complaint with the Mumbai police chief.The complaint was then forwarded to the BKC police station for probe. \"A probe was carried out before booking Lohar under IPC Section 509 (sexual harassment). He will be arrested soon,\" said senior inspector Chandrakant Bhosle.One of the victims, a 25-year-old female sports teacher, told TOI, \"Lohar used to walk into the staffroom directly from the bathroom with just a cloth on him and change in front of female staffers. We asked him to change clothes in the bathroom, but he paid no heed.\" A 26-year-old teacher alleged that as they are contract employees, no action had been initiated against the accused.She alleged that Lohar had committed the offence in front of several female staffers.Kranti Jejurkar, chairperson of the Women Development's Cell, said the matter is still under inquiry and the cell will soon come out with a report. \"We are yet to establish that it was a case of sexual harassment,\" she said.A university official said the accused has been working on the campus for six years and there were no complaints against him. \"Now, we are hearing several complaints against him\u2014 from being rude to arrogant.\" But he added that there is no changing room for sports teachers. \"It's been a practice to change in the common room for years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103459", "title": "CBI mulling to move HC for re-trial in Carbide case", "text": "BHOPAL: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is mulling to move the Madhya Pradesh high court to challenge the recent local court's decision to dismiss its revision petition, seeking re-trial of the convicts of the world's worst industrial disaster - Bhopal Gas Tragedy - under harsher section of Indian Penal Code (IPC).\"We are holding discussion to move HC to challenge the order of district and sessions court of August 28 that dismissed our revision petition,\" CBI special prosecuting officer in the case Subhash Bhattacharya told TOI on Friday.He said the CBI want re-trail of the case under section 304 (II) (act done with the knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without any intention to cause death) of IPC, which entails 10 years punishment or fine, or both. Toxic gas had leaked from a tank - a year before the tragedy, killing a supervisor, he said.On June 7, 2010, Chief Judicial Magistrate MP Tiwari had convicted and handed down two years imprisonment to eight people under section 304 (a) (causing death by rash and negligence not amounting to homicide, which entails two years imprisonment).Following world-wide outrage against the delayed and small punishment, the prosecuting agency had moved a revision petition which had been turned down this week by a lower court.After poisonous gas from the now defunct Union Carbide Factory here, leaked on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984, an FIR was registered against the convicts on December 3, 1984 and the case was transferred to CBI four days later. The CBI filed the charge sheet after investigation on December 1, 1987.Subsequently, the CJM framed charges against the accused under section 304 II, section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and other relevant sections of IPC. After the accused moved the Apex Court, it amended the charges on September 13, 1996 to 304 (A) (causing death by negligence), 336 A (acts endangering life or personal safety of others, 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) and other sections of IPC.For the gas leak, the CJM had convicted eight people Keshub Mahendra, the then UCIL chairman, Vijay Gokhle, the then managing director, Kishore Kamdar, the then vice president, J Mukund, the then works manager, S P Choudhary, the then Production Manager, K V Shetty, the then plant superintendent, S I Quershi, the then production assistant of UCIL and UCIL Calcutta.The three accused -- the then chairman of Union Carbide Corporation of USA Warren Anderson, besides Union Carbide Corporation, USA and Union Carbide Eastern, Hong Kong - had escaped the trial.One of the accused tried for the offences, R B Roy Choudhary, the then former Assistant Works Manager Union Carbide India Ltd (UCIL), Mumbai, died during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16121802", "title": "Thane advocate Rajaram Mukne is newly appointed NCP Secretary", "text": "THANE: A prominent advocate and social worker from the predominantly tribal region of Jawhar in Thane district Rajaram Mukne has been appointed Secretary of Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) Maharashtra unit.Mukne's appointment was cleared by State NCP President Madhukar Pichad on Friday.The 73-year-old advocate-cum-social worker's elevation is being seen as an attempt by the Sharad Pawar-led party to expand its base among tribals of Thane ahead of the 2014 Assembly and general elections.Mukne, a former President of Jawhar Municipal Council, also served as a Director of Thane District Central Co-operative Bank.Talking to PTI, Mukne said he will ensure well being of tribals and raise issues concerning them at the party and Government level.NCP is part of the Congress-led ruling coalition in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16121697", "title": "Tech-savvy Narendra Modi hangs out with netizens on live chat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , known to be tech-savvy, on Friday interacted with netizens through live video-chat on 'Google+ Hangout', the first prominent Indian political leader to do so.Modi, who is active on Twitter and will be facing assembly elections by year-end, answered questions during the programme. The event was anchored by Bollywood actor Ajay Devgn and was broadcast on Youtube.US President Barack Obama and Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard have used this platform in the past, sources in Modi's office said.'Google+ Hangout' facilitates 'group video chat' with upto 10 persons at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096523", "title": "Aarushi case: Colony guard, painter stand by statements", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday produced two important witnesses in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial \u2014 the security guard of Jalvayu Vihar, Virender Singh, and a painter named Shohrat, who had painted the Talwars' house in the Noida colony a year after the double murder.Virender told court that on the night of murder \u2014 May15/16, 2008 \u2014 he was posted at gate number 1 of Jalvayu Vihar.\"Around 7am on May 16, I got a call from L-32 flat about a problem there. When I went upstairs, the maid told me the daughter of doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar had been killed by their servant Hemraj. Dr Rajesh Talwar also told me the same,\" he sai d, adding, \"While on duty, I had not seen any suspicious person around, and the other guards also did not report any suspicious movement.\"Virender's statement backs the CBI theory that no outsider entered the Talwars' residence that night.However, defence lawyer Satyaketu Singh pointed out that cars freely entered from gate number 1 and pedestrians could come in from all the gates. He also said the guard's confidence about not seeing any 'suspicious' person was misplaced as he could not have read a person's character by a look.\"How does he know he did not see anyone going to the flat of Dr Talwar? He accepts Jalvayu Vihar has around 10,000 people, but he is arguing as if he was guarding only Dr Talwar's residence that night.\"Singh said Virender's deposition on Friday was at variance from his original statement in which he reported seeing tears in the eyes of the Talwar couple and Nupur Talwar being in a bad shape. Virender replied: \"I did not say that in my statement\".Shohrat told court he had known Dr Rajesh Talwar since before the murders. \"Around one-and-a-half years after the murders, Dr Talwar called me and asked me to paint the wooden partition between the two rooms (those of Aarushi and her parents), in the colour of the walls. I also removed the iron grilles outside the main door and the balcony and kept them in the drawing room. Both grilles looked in good condition when I removed them\". Shohrat's statement is one of the reasons for CBI charging the doctor couple with destruction of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16122370", "title": "China to provide Rs 1.5 bln to Sri Lanka to construct auditorium", "text": "COLOMBO: China has pledged about 1.56 billion rupees in grant to construct a state-of-the-art auditorium complex at Sri Lanka's Military Academy.Visiting Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie pledged Yuan 75 million towards the project in the central district of Diyatalawa.The Chinese defence minister's official visit here led to closer cooperation, Sri Lankan officials said on Saturday.During his visit, Liang called on the President Mahinda Rajapaksa and the commanders of tri-forces.Guanglie said that Chinese military cooperation with South Asian states is Intended for \"maintaining regional security and stability and not targeted at any third party\".The visit came as China had pledged to provide Sri Lanka with USD 100 million assistance for Army welfare projects initiated by the Sri Lankan ministry of defence.China will also grant USD 1.5 million dollars towards the modernisation of the Defence Services College for children of troops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16102436", "title": "Tension as stiff sentences were handed down", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The situation outside the SIT court trying the Naroda Patia massacre case was tense on Friday, with angry relatives of convicts in the worst post-Godhra riot case resorting to anti-government sloganeering.The court turned into a literal police fortress. Relatives lunged at the police vehicle, desperately holding on to it as it carried away the convicts at 6.45 pm. Relatives of BJP MLA Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi, the two high-profile accused in the massacre, stood by the side, crying and following the police vehicle.From 10 am onwards, angry relatives of convicts besieged the court entrance demanding that they be allowed to enter and meet their dear ones. The time for pronouncing the judgment was then postponed from 11.15 am to 3 pm as the restless crowd made a second attempt to enter.Slogans of \"Modi Sarkar Hai Hai. BJP Hai! Hai!\" interspersed the wails. Additional police forces was called in by 1.30 pm to form two security cordons. The mood got more tense when 11-year-old Akash Parmar, the son of a convict, climbed the collapsible gate and held on to it demanding to see his father.He was joined by women relatives of the convicts who demanded that the gates be opened. Three women threatened to commit suicide at the spot.\"This government belongs to no one. We demand a fresh probe into eyewitness accounts. How can you expect the court to pronounce a proper judgment,\" said a relative of convict Kalubhai Thakore.Anticipating trouble, the state government sought help from CISF personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16108565", "title": "21 years for \u2018crossing limits of inhumanity\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court awarded harsher punishment to nine convicts for their roles in the massacre with observation that their \"gruesome and barbaric acts crossed all limits of inhumanity\".Instead of the normal term of 14 years in simple life imprisonment for charges of murder, conspiracy and unlawful assembly, the court awarded 18 years to former minister Maya Kodnani, life till his death for former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi and 21 years to seven others, namely Naresh Chhara, Morli Sindhi, Haresh Rathod, Suresh Langado, Premchand Tiwari, Manoj Sindhi and Bipin Panchal.\"It was made blood day of massive onslaught and the day of horrendous carnage. It is true the predominant feeling among the convicts was revenge of the Godhra carnage, but that amounts to taking law into one's own hands which cannot be taken lightly by court,\" the judge observed.The convicts were found to have participated in all three acts of major violence on February 28, 2002. \"This reveals their commitment, tremendous bias and their throughout involvement in the crime that went on for the entire day...These accused are such who have not spared a single minute of that day for any other task of their lives right from 9.30 am to 8 pm, they were at the site unceasingly and continuously committing the crimes,\" the court noticed.The court concluded that since these nine persons have shown no consideration for human lives, they deserved different treatment for their peculiar contribution. Why should their plea for leniency be heard, when victims cries did not appeal to them, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16105254", "title": "49 illegal immigrants arrested in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur Police on Friday arrested six more illegal Bangladeshi immigrants and rounded up over 400 suspected immigrants for verifying their nationalities, police said.With Friday's arrest, the number of arrested illegal immigrants in Manipur has gone up to 49.On Thursday, police arrested 43 illegal immigrants-19 Myanmerese and 24 Bangladeshi nationals-from Imphal and Thoubal district.\"We conducted a crackdown in several areas of Imphal on Friday morning and rounded up 462 people, of whom 57 were taken into police custody for questioning,\" a police officer said.Earlier, Manipur home minister Gaikhangam said the crackdown to detect illegal Bangladeshi and Myanmarese nationals would continue in the state.\"Thursday's crackdown against illegal immigrants in Manipur was the beginning. Police will continue the operation to detect illegal immigrants,\" Gaikhangam said.Cautioning locals against sheltering foreign nationals, the home minister said the government will take action against those who shelter illegal immigrants.\"It is a sensitive issue (illegal immigrants) and the government will not allow any illegal immigrant to settle in Manipur,\" Gaikhangam said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16091669", "title": "Reorganization of Pench tiger reserve proposed", "text": "NAGPUR: After reorganization of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), it is the turn of Pench Tiger Reserve.The new proposal includes setting up of three divisions with headquarters at Nagpur, Ramtek, and Pandharkawda. All will work under Pench field director. The proposal has been mooted looking into the responsibility of new PAs (protected areas) and administrative control being brought under Pench.According to sources, chief conservator of forest (CCF) and field director M Srinivasa Reddy has forwarded the proposal to A K Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF), East, Nagpur, on August 28.At present, Pench managed four PAs including Pench (257.260 sq kms), Bor (60.610 sq kms), Tipeshwar (148.630 sq kms) and Mansinghdeo (182 sq kms) totalling 448.500 sq kms, with the help of two assistant conservators (ACFs). This year, Umred-Kharangla (188.340 sq kms) and New Bor (60.690 sq kms), have been added taking the total area to 636.84 sq kms.However, the area excludes 301.950 sq km Pench buffer, which is currently under Nagpur division and Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM). The PAs are spread over four districts - Nagpur, Bhandara, Yavatmal, and Wardha - making administrative control and management arduous.As per the new proposal, three DFOs will have headquarters at Ramtek, Nagpur and Pandharkawda. Pench has already got two DFOs on the upgraded posts. The DFO at Ramtek will have two ACFs. One will look after Pench while other will look after Mansinghdeo and its buffer area, both measuring 484 sq kms. Both will be headquartered at Ramtek.Second DFO will be based in Nagpur and have two ACFs reporting to him. One will look after Bor and New Bor and will be based in Nagpur while another will look after Umred-Kharangla with base in Umred.The third DFO will be based in Pandharkawda. He will look after Tipeshwar and Painganga sanctuaries. Tipeshwar is 200kms from Nagpur and difficult to manage. Similarly, Painganga (425 sq kms), which is part of Akola wildlife division, is 250km from Akola. Both are difficult to manage by the respective officials.\"If Painganga is brought under Pandharkawda, both Tipeshwar and Painganga will be better managed. Painganga and Tipeshwar are 80km and 22km respectively from Pandharkawda,\" the proposal states.The other two sanctuaries under Akola wildlife - Katepurna (73.69 sq kms) and Gyanganga (205.63 sq kms) should be brought under Akot wildlife division. The staff of Akola wildlife can be shifted to Pandharkawda.Overall control will be of the CCF and field director, who will have two ACFs, who will look after the special tiger protection force (STPF) and day-to-day administration at Nagpur headquarters, says the proposal. The reorganization of Pench was discussed at several forums but this is for the first time a formal proposal has been moved.Umred-Kharangla gets staff of 33Pench has expedited efforts to take over the Umred-Kharangla wildlife sanctuary, 50km from Nagpur. On Thursday, field director M S Reddy and deputy conservator of forest P K Mahajan toured the sanctuary. The government has posted 33 employees - one ACF and one RFO, along with six foresters, 23 forest guards and a clerk to this sanctuary. However, according to field officials, the sanctuary needs 37 more guards, two clerks, a driver and 30 van majoors (forest workers).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16102854", "title": "Encouraged by response, HDMC plans to open a gym in every ward", "text": "HUBLI: The eight gyms opened by the HDMC in slum areas in the twin cities have received overwhelming response from enthusiastic youths. This has encouraged the corporation to extend the scheme to other wards in Hubli and Dharwad for the benefit of people.The corporation is planning to start 10 more such gyms in the twin cities. For this it will utilize the Rs 25 lakh sports activity fund.Eventually the idea is to open a gym each in all the wards ofthe twin cities of Hubli and Dharwad.This ambitious scheme is HDMC's gift to the citizens of twin cities on its golden jubilee year. The modalities of the project will be discussed at the general body meeting of the corporation on Thursday and tenders will be called for procuring gym equipment, said Mayor Pandurang Patil.In the last four years, the corporation opened eight gyms in the slum areas including those in Settlement area, Vaddara Oni, Giranichala, Torvihakkal, Veerapura Oni, Indira Nagar, Sainagar and Banjara Colony.Each gym, set up at a cost of Rs 2.5 lakh, is provided with necessary fitness equipment and mirrors. Around 75-100 people visit each of these gyms everyday. The gyms are open from 6am to 10am and 5pm to 10pm.Shivaraj, a resident of Girni chawl said the corporation has provided a good platform for sportspersons to keep themselves fit. \"The gym helped me tone up to take part in district-level athletic competition,\" he said.Mayor Pandurang Patil said the idea is to promote fitness and health awareness among citizens and also to provide fitness training facility to sportspersons from poor financial background, who cannot afford private trainers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16100027", "title": "Maoist killed while planting landmine in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: A Maoist was killed and two were injured while planting a landmine in Malkangiri district. Though the deceased Red rebel is yet to be identified, the injured duo was taken away by their cadres, police said. \"The incident took place in a forest road near Tekguda within Kalimela police limits on Wednesday evening. We, however, decided not to disclose the information for investigation purpose,\" said a senior police official.\"The mishap took place when extremists were planting the landmine targetting security personnel on a road that is frequently used for anti-Maoist operations. The death of a rebel has been confirmed. The rebels had brought the deceased to Kalimela hospital for treatment early on Thursday where doctors declared him brought dead,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhilesh Singh.Singh said the rebel had gone to Kalimela hospital in a motorcycle and immediately left the place once doctors declared their companion dead. \"As per our intelligence inputs the injured rebels are undergoing treatment somewhere inside the forest near Tekguda and we are keeping a watch on the developments. An operation may be planned nce we identify their exact location,\" he said.Police said the exploded landmine is suspected to be a multi-mechanism one which goes off electrically (when two wires are touched manually) and also when some pressure is put on the landmine.Meanwhile, the 24-hour bandh call given by the Maoists in protest against an alleged fake encounter in Koraput district evoked lukewarm response on Friday. The Srikakulam-Koraput division of the outlawed CPI(Maoist) had called for a bandh in the district in protest against the killing of Teli Kadranga alias Rajendra in an encounter on August 19.Barring Maoist-hit areas like Narayanpatna, Bandhugaon and Lamataput, public transport system remained unaffected across the district. While buses plied on their regular routes, shops and markets remained open. However, fearing Maoist strike government-run buses plying from Jeypore to Bhubaneswar via Laxmipur diverted their route via Andhra Pradesh.\"There had been no report of any Maoist offensive across the aistrict during the bandh call. Security arrangements have been strengthened. Though the situation is normal, we can't be complacent,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar. While police claims Rajendra to be a Maoist leader and was killed during an exchange of fire in a forest, Maoists argues that the deceased person was not a Maoist and was deliberately killed by tthe security men by branding him as a Red rebel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096215", "title": "Integrated Central Railway security draws praises, doubts", "text": "MUMBAI: The long-awaited integrated security system will finally make its debut on Central Railway by September end. The system will include Internet Protocol-based CCTVs, which have received high praises from security experts, as well as metal detectors and scanners, whose viability has been doubted. Experts say training personnel who will handle these advanced devices is also important.The idea to have an integrated security system at major stations was first considered after the 7/11 train blasts in 2006 but thereafter remained in the works.Now seeing the light of day, the Rs 25-crore system will be implemented at six stations in Mumbai division\u2014Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, Dadar, Kurla, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Thane and Kalyan\u2014and at two stations in Pune.\"Getting IP-based CCTVs is an excellent idea since they use digital technology where software is the main tool. The authorities can build intelligence into the system, such as setting up alerts. A command-and-control centre will be set up so that cameras at all stations can be accessed and controlled from one location. Besides, higher resolution will provide better facial recognition,\" said Pramoud Rao, president of the Fire &amp; Security Association of India, a trade body of \"security engineering services industry\" in the country.\"But there are major concerns over using metal detectors and scanners. There are two aspects here\u2014functionality and practicality. Functionally, it sounds good. But, practically, will it deliver returns on investments? CST alone is used by over three million commuters daily. Will it be possible to check each of them or their baggage?\" Rao added.Once the system is in place, multi-zonal metal detectors will replace the existing machines at station premises. Rao said the personnel handling these advanced devices need to be extensively trained in \"how to use them, what to look for, where to look, and what to do with the recovery\".\"A metal detector, which can be connected to the internet, would be an ideal one. In such a system, reports will be sent to the command centre when an event takes place, which means that only exceptions will be reported,\" said Aditya Sekhar of Micro Technologies (India) Ltd, a manufacturer of security devices. \"In Mumbai, all frequent travellers use season passes on trains. We would suggest the use of radio frequency identification-enabled season passes for commuters with their photographs on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095836", "title": "Now, Mulayam OK with CBI probe into coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party demanded a judicial probe or CBI inquiry into coalgate, rounding off the launch of 'third alternative' with doubts that it was a move to bail out Congress.Concluding the dharna in parliament seeking probe, Mulayam Singh Yadav said, \"\"We demand that a sitting Supreme Court judge or the CBI shouldinquire into the scam. If they don't order a probe, we will fight at the national level and go to the people on the issue.\"The 20-mt dharna featuring 30 MPs of SP, CPM and Left constituents CPI, RSP and Forward Bloc, and Telugu Desam Party, left uneasy questions about the objective of the new bloc. While the grouping equally accused Congress and BJP of corruption in coal mine allocations, SP's readiness for CBI probe alongside the demand of a judicial inquiry triggered unease.The premier agency is already investigating into coal blocks at the instanceof the Centre and Mulayam Singh's statement appeared to help UPA on the issue which has halted the parliament for most of monsoon session and threatens a washout.While SP threatened to launch a nationwide agitation if the Centre did not accept its request, and also sought the coal block licences to be cancelled, few in the political class took the dharna seriously.A senior Congress minister said there was little likelihood of SP's demand being taken seriously since it would not in any way help in breaking the deadlock in parliament. \"Any initiative to break the deadlock has to be with BJP,\" he said.The dharna cast a cloud over longterm durability of the SP-Left bloc. The day coincided with Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi walking up to Mulayam Singh Yadav in Lok Sabha to apparently thank him for improved power situation in Rae Bareli. Sonia had urged the intervention of SP chief over poor power situation in her constituency.Sources said SP chief wrote a letter of invitation to Biju Janata Dal and AIADMK but they did not join the dharna. The thinking in these regional outfits is to stay away from the 'third alternative'.Mulayam Singh brushed aside queries if the fledgling front would survive the test of conflicting political compulsions of its constituents. \"This will continue and whatever you want to think, you can do that.The Left too expressed satisfaction with the dharna and claimed the grouping would grow. A senior leader said Mulayam Singh had the political clout and the seniority to take the lead. \"We are okay with it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16127901", "title": "Leander Paes-Radek Stepanek in third round of US Open", "text": "NEW YORK: Leander Paes and his Czech partner Radek Stepanek entered the third round of the US Open men's doubles event after getting the better of Brazilians Joao Souza and Thomaz Bellucci.The fifth-seeded Indo-Czech combo took an hour and 45 minutes to register a 7-5 7-6 (7-3) victory over their unseeded opponents.Even as the Brazilian pair failed to convert the lone breakpoint they earned in the first set, Paes and Stepanek converted one of the two breakpoints they managed to seal the set.However, the Indo-Czech combo, which had won the Australian Open title earlier this year, wasted as many as five of the six breakpoints in the second which went into the tiebreaker.In the tiebreaker though, they held their nerves to walk away with the set as well as the match.They next play Jesse Levine of USA and Australia's Marinko Matosevic, who had upset Wimbledon champions Jonathan Marray and Frederik Nielsen 6-1 6-7(6) 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16108051", "title": "Sapling planted by Karmapa faces uproot", "text": "GAYA: With the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee (BTMC) reportedly mulling uprooting of the controversial peepal sapling planted by Buddhist spiritual leader the 17th Karmapa in an allegedly questionable manner and without proper authority in the Kalchakra Maidan.The BTMC is also suggesting the plant's transplantation elsewhere outside the sacred zone spread over a radius of two km from the shrine sanctum sanctorum, as the uncertainty haunts the newly-planted sapling.According to sources in the BTMC and the district administration, three options are available to determine the fate of the much-publicized sapling. The first option is to uproot the sapling and transplant it somewhere else at a distance of more than two km from the seat of Buddha's enlightenment.The BTMC does not want any new peepal tree in the vicinity of the shrine to maintain the uniqueness and the sanctity of the existing sacred Bodhi tree, a direct descendant of the original tree under which Buddha spent the last week of his seven-week uninterrupted meditation at seven different points on the shrine premises to receive enlightenment and graduate to divinity.The second option is to award slow death to the sapling through willful neglect and deprivation of the care needed to facilitate the natural growth of the controversial sapling.The third option is to allow the sapling to grow at the site where it was planted by the Karmapa.The second and third options have few takers as the second option is in contravention with the forestation policy of the government and the third option is bound to cause confusion in future and may lead to the development of a parallel centre of attraction and reverence, thereby diluting the importance of the Bodhi tree.In the circumstances, uprooting of the sample and its transplantation elsewhere remains the most acceptable and pragmatic solution of the vexed problem. Asked about the three options available to her, Bandana Preyasi, the Gaya DM and ex-officio chairperson of the BTMC told TOI that a final decision about the fate of the sapling will be taken at the next meeting of the temple committee and till then the sapling will not be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16096604", "title": "Bread, cake prices set to go up again", "text": "BANGALORE: The prices of bread and other bakery products are seeing a rise again. A sharp increase in wheat flour prices in the past two months has forced manufacturers to raise prices by about Rs 2 for a 400gm loaf. Multigrain bread may cost even more.Hindustan Unilever has decided to raise the price of Modern Bread by Rs 2. \"We are yet to decide on the date from which it will become effective,\" a company official said.Good Bread, a local brand, plans to do it in the next couple of days, its technical adviser Ashwini Kumar said. Beekays, another local brand, will be raising the price from Saturday. Beekays last raised it in December 2011. Sweet Chariot promoter Glen Williams said he would increase bread prices and the prices of his cakes, biscuits and confectionery items by 7-10% next week.Sandwich/white bread currently costs around Rs 22 for a 400-gm loaf, sweet and milk bread Rs 23 and brown bread Rs 24. These will all rise by about Rs 2 each. Multigrain bread is around Rs 28. These, some say, could rise by up to Rs 5.\"The Food Corporation of India has a lot of wheat in its godowns, but they are not releasing it,\" says B S Bhat, president of The Karnataka Wrapped Bread Manufacturers' Association who also owns the Beekays brand.M K Dattaraj, past president of the Karnataka Roller Flour Millers' Association, says wheat flour used to cost Rs 15 a kg in June but is now Rs 22, a 47% increase. \"The wheat harvest in the past three years was good, so the government has substantial stocks. But they prefer to export it,\" he says.On July 4, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) decided to export 2 million tonnes of wheat from its overflowing stocks to create storage space for the new kharif crop. Exports are currently attractive because a drought in the US and lower or poor quality crops in other locations like Europe have raised international wheat prices substantially this year.But exports alone cannot explain the current predicament of wheat users because the government had 47.52 million tonnes of wheat as on August 1. In June, the government had allotted sale of 3 million tonnes of wheat from its godowns under the open market sale scheme. Of this, 1.3 million tonnes has been released, food minister K V Thomas had said earlier this week. Another 1 million is to be released in September.But these releases are either inadequate to contain inflation or is being misused. Ramesh Chandra Lahoti, president of The Bangalore Wholesale Food Grains &amp; Pulses Merchants' Association, alleges that low-level government officials, together with big commodity traders, are manipulating the releases and therefore the prices.\"How else do you explain the basic wheat price rising from Rs 1,285 (for 100 kg) to Rs 1,525 on the NCDEX (commodity exchange) in one month? And the big problem is, there is virtually no government at the Centre or the state to look into this issue,\" he says. In Lahoti's wholesale market, wheat price has risen from Rs 20 a kg to Rs 22.50 in one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16097981", "title": "3 women fall into well in Jamnagar village", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Three women fell into a well after its periphery wall broke due to a mad rush to fill water in Nana Asota village on Friday.The village receives government water supply tankers every morning and the excess water is put into the well. However, large number of women began jostling for space near the wall of the well, which crashed.Three women -- Jasu Bharvad(18), Devi Bharvad (45) and Pami Bharvad (22) -- crashed into the well. They rescued using cots and ropes. They were admitted in Khambhalia Government Hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16100467", "title": "I&B; ministry asks TAM to hike sample size, coverage area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raising concerns over alleged monopolistic practices and the credibility of data published by Television Audience Measurement (TAM) in measuring TV viewership, the I&B; ministry has asked TRAI to recommend an accreditation mechanism for viewership rating agencies. It has also sought response from TAM-Nielsen on increasing the sample size, coverage and conducting a third party audit.Reacting sharply to reports about the presence of cross-holding in TAM media Research (India), the ministry has raised doubts on the credibility of the TAM data. TAM-Nielsen have been given a fortnight to respond on what action has been taken by them to increase the sample size, and set up of an independent audit and complaint redressal system.The flurry of communique comes at a time when broadcaster NDTV has filed a lawsuit worth billions against TAM-Nielsen charging it with publishing corrupt and tainted data favouring rivals in return for bribes. TAM is a 50:50 joint venture between Kantar Media and Nielsen.I&B; minister Ambika Soni had earlier expressed concern over reports of deficiencies in viewership data. Sources said that the ministry was extremely disappointed by the lack of progress made by the Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC) to set up a transparent TRP measuring mechanism.In separate letters to TAM CEO L V Krishnan and Nielsen CEO David Calhoun, the ministry has sought a slew of information. In a letter dated August 28, the ministry has asked TAM to submit within 10 days what action has been taken to increase the sample size of people meter homes in India from the existing 8,000 within a stipulated time frame. It has also asked whether TAM had started generating viewership data from towns with population of less than a lakh, whether TAM data covered J&K; and north-east.The ministry has asked Calhoun to respond within two weeks to an investigation into the functioning of Nielsen and Kantar's India operations. The ministry sought clarifications on \"reports of use of monopolistic practices and entry barriers by TAM Media Research in India which is believed to have prevented other rating agencies to operate in India.\"The ministry has asked TRAI to provide guidelines for a comprehensive accreditation system that will ensure well-represented and statistically valid sample size with adequaterepresentation to both urban and rural areas, coverage of all states in the country, transparency in selection of people meter homes, secrecy of the people meter homes on the panel and a public grievance redressal system.TRAI has also been asked to frame specific guidelines to regulate cross holdings in companies involved in the generation of TV ratings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16102746", "title": "We\u2019ll bring change via politics, chant these young minds", "text": "BANGALORE: Children are better than parents. If you differ on it, try arguing it out with 10-year-old Vignesh Sreedhar and 11-year-old Kaver Muthanna. These students from Vidyashilp Academy , winners in the beginners' section, stunned the audience on Friday at the Verbattle debate competition.It was a war of words at JSS auditorium, Jayanagar, where the students clashed at the final of the eighth season of the competition.\"There is more room for children to make mistakes. They are more enthusiastic and active. They can learn from their parents' experiences ,\" the children argued.The debate competition was held for three age groups-8-12 , 12-16 and 16-24 . The students were given the topic an hour before.While the team has to speak for their statement , the other two teams have to argue against it.While the topic ranged from science for beginners to sex education for the seniors, the clarity of thought and confidence of children took the audience by surprise. Ask them whether they have stage fright, they said: \"Not any more. We like the liberty to put across our opinion.\"The junior team discussed and debated the Indian education system and how it cannot solve India's problems. Shivani L Shenoy and Annapurna Chakrabarty from Little Rock Indian School won in this section . \"We believe we need to speak what we feel even if it's controversial,\" they said.Both Class X students has political ambitions. \"Politics is not a bad game. It's just that there are some bad players,\" these teenagers explained.Panchami Pradeep and Rakshith Shetty, engineering students from Sahyadiri College of Engineering and Management , who won the senior level competition, share similar ambitions. \"We will first get employed, make some money and then get into politics. If you get into politics without money to sustain, you'll indulge in corruption. So far, some uneducated people tried their hands at improving the country. Now give us some space to prove it,\" they said.Around 170 teams participated in the competition. After the overwhelming response , the organizers are now mooting for a Verbattle in Kannada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16108196", "title": "More fake note peddlers arrested", "text": "MOTIHARI: In a major operation against counterfeit currency racketeers operating on the Indo-Nepal border, Motihari and Sitamarhi police, in a joint raid on Wednesday evening, successfully arrested Mahfuz Alam from his house in Masjid Tola in Motihari town and recovered fake currency notes worth Rs 1.17 lakh.The police also seized one passport and cellphone from his possession.He was arrested on the confessional statement of Rajesh Kumar Sah, a fake note peddler who was arrested at Sitamarhi by police with fake notes worth Rs 1.36 lakh on Tuesday.During interrogation, Mahfuz Alam, revealed he and his associates of East and West Champaran and Sitamarhi districts of north Bihar bordering areas take bundles of fake notes on commission basis from one, Mohammad Mehsan, an ISI agent at Birganj in Nepal regularly for marketing in Indian towns.He also revealed the names and details of his gang members of East Champaran district. The police refused to say more. The Sitamarhi police swung into action to arrest the other members of the gang in West Champaran district.Earlier, acting on a tip-off, Sitamarhi Town police raided a tailoring shop in Mela Road locality of Sitamarhi town on Tuesday and arrested Ranjit Kumar Sah after recovering fake notes worth Rs 1.36 lakh from his possession. Sitamarhi SP Vivek Kumar Singh said the police team acting on Ranjit's confessional statement also arrested three gang members __ Mohammad Mobin, Budhan Kumar and Nagendra Chaudhary __ from different places of Sitamarhi district and Mahafuz Alam from Motihari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098416", "title": "Coalgate puts food security law in peril", "text": "NEW DELHI: The parliamentary logjam over coalgate has raised fears in Congress that its signature initiative for the 2014 polls, food security law, may be in jeopardy.The looming washout of the monsoon session, with dim chance of any legislative work in the last week, came as a rude shock to the ruling camp which had planned important laws to quell the perception of policy paralysis in a government-under-siege.Congress is concerned that BJP may feel emboldened to stretch the blockade to future sessions if it sees its strategy to corner Congress succeeding. A final call on the issue may be guided by results in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, and then in Tripura early next year, a realization that has raised the stakes for Congress to do well in the December battles.UPA has failed to pass the land acquisition amendment bill planned for the monsoon session, a flagship promise to give a \"fair deal\" to farmers. An extended BJP protest could endanger the food security law.According to party strategists, the fear over food law was real since BJP may want to block the food-for-all scheme that Congress has kept as its trump card to win over voters in 2014. The mega farm loan waiver caught BJP off guard in 2009 and won Manmohan Singh a repeat mandate. All through UPA-2, Congress has planned to launch Rahul Gandhi for the top job with the halo of food-for-poor.The washout of monsoon session has neutralized the PM's recent bid to show a business-like attitude after Pranab Mukherjee's exit from the government. While initial action did focus on government's new-found vigour, BJP's protests over Coalgate have refocused national attention on corruption that proved to be UPA's nemesis during the Anna Hazare agitation.The legislative gridlock, Congress quarters think, may force the Centre to resort to executive orders for decision-making. A few decisions on investment and reforms front, like FDI in civil aviation, could be pushed through administrative decisions though bigger issues would still cry for Parliament's indulgence.Given the fears, the winter session is seen as crucial if BJP continues to equate blockade with aggression.BJP's success in keeping Congress from drafting the food law would force the ruling party to go to polls without a major initiative to signal its \"aam aadmi\" credentials. While it can hope to pin its appeal on existing schemes like MGNREGA, their implementation is in the hands of states, which are also in the race for credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16103863", "title": "BJP to hold yatra in memory of 1962 martyrs", "text": "ITANAGAR: With a view to pay homage to the martyrs of the 1962 Chinese aggression, the BJP, under the aegis of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), is organizing a Swahid Swardhanjali Yatra from Bumla in Tawang district bordering China to Guwahati in Assam.The yatra, with the theme 'Zara yaad karo qurbani', will be flagged off on October 2 and will culminate in Guwahati on October 5, BJP national general secretary Tapir Gao said on Saturday.\"The yatra, which marks completion of 50 years of the Indo-Sino war, is aimed to pay homage to the 2,420 army personnel and countless civilian martyrs who laid down their lives for the sake of their country,\" Gao said. He said the party would felicitate the family members of the martyrs besides the living army personnel and civilians who fought the battle.\"We are trying to collect information across the country on all the martyrs and army personnel who are still alive so we can invite them to participate in the yatra,\" he said and added that several public meetings were planned in Tawang, Dirang, Bomdila, Bhalukpong, Tezpur and Guwahati as a part of the celebration.The BJP leader, meanwhile, demanded that the UPA government provide foolproof security to the people of the northeast residing in various parts of the country. \"If New Delhi fails to take immediate action to tackle the situation, the people of NE will not sit idle but will stand united and give a befitting reply to such divisive forces,\" Gao said.BJP northeast organizational in charge P Chandrasekhar Rao alleged that the mass exodus of NE people from various states was a repercussion of the recent ethnic violence in Assam. Rao alleged that the backlash in Hyderabad and other parts of the country was engineered by Muslim fundamentalists with a view to accommodate illegal Bangladeshi migrants in Assam and other northeastern states.Giving a chronology of attacks on people from the northeast, Gao alleged that eight people from the region were assaulted in Pune while two Manipuri girls were physically assaulted in Bangalore. Claiming that illegal Bangladeshis were a major threat not only to the northeast but to the entire country, Gao charged the Congress with protecting them for its vote bank politics and thereby committing a crime against the NE people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16106996", "title": "Sikhs celebrate Prakashotsava", "text": "KANPUR: The gurudwaras are gripped in festive fervour these days. The people of Sikh community are celebrating the 408th Prakashotsava of Shri Guru Granth Sahib. The celebrations began on Thursday and continue till Saturday. Prayers, hymns and community services are organized.Gurudwaras at Gumti, GT Road, LaTouche Road, Pandu Nagar, Sarsaiyya Ghat and others are decorated with colourful lights.The celebrations start at gurudwaras early in the morning and continue till late in the evening. A large number of devotees are visiting holy places to take part in the celebrations and community service programmes.On Friday, Prakashotsava commenced early in the morning with kirtan by Bhai Amarjeet Singh Sevak. Sabad Kirtan and several other events were held.Gurmeet Singh , senior priest at Gumti Gurudwara, enlightened the devotees about the importance of the day. He said that 'Adi Granth' or 'Shri Guru Granth Sahibji' was first compiled by the fifth Sikh guru, Guru Arjan from hymns of the first five Sikh gurus and other great saints, including those of the Hindu and Muslim faith. Guru Gobind Singh , the tenth guru declared the Adi Granth as the sacred text.\"The holy scriptures written in Gurumukhi script, predominantly in archaic Punjabi is a voluminous text of 1,430 hymns compiled and composed during the period of Sikh gurus from 1469 to 1708,\" he added.Harpreet Singh , a devotee at Gumti Gurudwara, said: \"The message of Guru Granth Sahib is that people all over the world are equal. Women are equal to men. There is one God, speak and live truthfully, control vices, love in God's will, practice humility, kindness, compassion and love.\"Preparations for Langar (community lunch) also began.Hundreds of devotees started cutting vegetables and making other arrangements for 'langar' to be organized on Saturday.It is expected that thousands of people will come for 'langar' at Mootijheel. Other preparations like erecting 'pandal' and security arrangements are also being made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16102861", "title": "Gear up for that perfect tee off", "text": "INDORE: Golf lovers in Indore have a reason to cheer about. By the end of November, the city would get a lush green gold course at Kanadia road. The private golf course is being developed by Garha Group.\"Royal Garha Golf Club will be one of its kind in the central India with nine holes per three 3 golf,\" says the committee member of the golf association Siddharth Singh Garha. The club was started in 1998 and was operational till 2005, but had to be shut down for a brief period for its facelift.\"The course is almost ready and we were waiting for monsoon end to inaugurate it. A tournament would be organized to mark the occasion. And the coaches for the club will be expertise in golf who will train the beginners. We will also invite famous golfers from all over the country for coaching camps.\"The golf course is coming up on 16 acres of area which will include a Club House equipped with new advanced golf kits for beginners and various other facilities. It will be open to all the civilians.\"We will conduct a high-level tournament to encourage the sports in Indore. The club will be affiliated to Indian Golf Association,\" informed Arjun Dhupad, secretary of the association.A golfer and a consultant, Anil Mahajan says, \"It's a good feeling for golfers like us that a golf course is coming up in the city. Golf is a sport which requires concentration in the lap of environment and if one acquires that, then it becomes a child's play. I think it's a good opportunity for the youngsters and it will give a good exposure to them.\"Another golfer Dr Rajesh Kasliwal says, \"We are eagerly waiting for The Royal Garha Club to open and with new amenities and improvements, more people will turn towards golf in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107319", "title": "Soon, Garden of Conifers to adorn Sector 49", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Valley of Gardens in Sector 49 of the city will soon have a Garden of Conifers, which will be developed in the portion of Leisure Valley passing through Sector 52. Different varieties of conifers, vertical shaped trees with needle type foliage, would be grown in the garden. Woody cones like those found on pine (Pinus), spruce (Picea), fir (Abies) and cedar (Cedrus) are familiar. Other conifers however, have evolved fleshy cones that may seem fruitlike as in juniper (Juniperus) or yew (Texus). These conifers can be mixed with evergreen vertical-shaped tees to give high attraction effect to the garden. The conifer trees and shrubs available in the Shivalik hills areas which would be planted in the new Conifer Garden, include pines, taxodiums, aurocaria, juniperus, deodars, cousorinas, cyprus, cupressuss, grevillea etc. The theme garden projects of UT administration have been running behind schedule and recently new deadlines have been set for the projects. Dwarf conifers and slow growing conifers area among the most useful plants for low maintenance gardens. This garden shall become a major attraction for tourists in Chandigarh as conifers would be planted to provide a diverse palette of colours, textures, shapes and thousands of selection of conifers would be made in special forms and profiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "sultanpur (karnal)", "code": "16100862", "title": "Murdered Haryana cop had lost wife last year", "text": "SULTANPUR (KARNAL): The 48-year-old Haryana cop, who was killed by a liquor mafia in Kurukshetra on Thursday, had lost his wife last year. His three orphaned kids, aged between nine and 20, have now been left to fend for themselves.Dharampal was mowed down while he tried to stop the mafia's car carrying boxes of IMFL liquor. His wife, Nirmala Devi, was electrocuted last year. The kids' ailing 85-year-old grandfather, Jaimal Singh, had been taking care of them after their mother's death.The cop's elder daughter, Amrita, 20, said, \"The tragedy has happened so suddenly that we even do not know how to handle the situation.\" Her 16-year-old sister Mamta and brother Subham, 9, were inconsolable.\"After Nirmala's death, we stayed at their home for long to help the family. But Dharampal's tragic death has increased our problems,\" said Sanjiv Chaudhary, a close relative.Amrita recently completed her graduation, while Mamta is in class XII.Both sisters want to join Haryana police. \"We will try to join the force as soon as possible because now there would be a crisis of bread and butter for us,\" said Mamta.Villagers recalled the cop's simplicity and honesty. He had joined Haryana police in 1987 as a constable. \"When we used to ask him why he does not want to earn money like many other policemen through unfair means, he always replied that he wanted to lead a life of honest person,\" said Sanjiv Chaudhary, a neighbor.His relatives asked the government to give him the status of a martyr as he died on the line of duty, apart from economic help to the family and employment to his daughter Amrita.A relative, Jasmer Singh, said, \"The government should announce help to Dharampal's family in the same way as it announces crores of rupees to promote sportspersons.\"Singh said there were no arrangements of barricades to help cops stop speedy vehicles at the murder scene.\"If there were police barricades, Dharampal would not have lost his life. In future, the government must make arrangements to provide adequate infrastructure to policemen to help them in performing their duty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095161", "title": "Schumacher's exit will open avenues in Formula One: Karun Chandhok", "text": "NEW DELHI: The year 2012 has been a learning process for Karun Chandhok. After years of single-seater racing, Chandhok shifted over to Endurance racing after joining the JRM Racing team in the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC).Four races into the season, Chandhok is already getting used to the pace of the Endurance world. \"The world of F1 is actually quite selfish. One has to try his best to get the team's complete focus to succeed. But that is not the case in Endurance racing, where you have to be a team person,\" Chandhok told TOI on his return from Silverstone on Friday.\"More than a physical one, Endurance racing is a mental challenge. In WEC, the cars have a lot let g-force. But unlike F1, one has to spend three to four hours at a stretch in the car which can be demanding,\" he added.Chandhok is the only Indian to compete in the Le Mans 24-hour race and managed a creditable sixth place on debut. \"Le Mans was a really tough as I got the graveyard shift between 2am and 5am. It doesn't get any easier, as we have five races coming up in the next nine week,\" Chandhok, who will be competing in Sao Paulo in a couple of weeks, said.It is already that time of the year when drivers are getting ready to plan for the next season. The Chennai driver is keeping his options open about return to F1.\"I am optimistic about returning to F1 because I don't have sponsors who are willing to chip in with the 5-6 million one needs to secure a race seat. But if I do manage to get a good third driver's seat I'll be ready to pair it with the Endurance racing stint,\" he said.The 28-year-old believes Michael Schumacher's exit from Mercedes GP might open up avenues in F1. \"If Michael does retire again, both Sahara Force India drivers Paul Di Resta and Nico Hulkenberg will be in the running for his Mercedes seat. Di Resta has a long term contract with Mercedes while Hulkenberg is German. So there is a possibility of a seat opening up with Force India,\" Chandhok, who's JRM Racing team are currently tied second in the WEC with 75 points, said.Ebrahim for GT1 championshipYoungster Armaan Ebrahim is all set to make his entry into the FIA GT1 World Championship. The JK Tyre-backed Ebrahim is the lone Indian driver on the grid and this is going to be his first outing in the World GT1 Championship at a new world-class facility in the Moscow Raceway. The Chennai-based driver will represent Team India and will drive for SunRed Engineering, a leading motor racing team from Spain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16092869", "title": "Tamil Nadu tourist rescued from drowning off Calangute beach", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Tamil Nadu was rescued by lifeguards at Calangute beach on Thursday afternoon.Drishti Special Response Services said that the tourist, Muthu Kumar, 42, of Erode took advantage of a brief sunny spell and went for a swim in a no-swim zone despite warnings from lifeguards that it was dangerous to do so.At around 3.30pm, Muthu was caught in a rip current and drifted 60m seawards when he started gesturing for help.Noticing him in distress, lifeguard Rahul Mahale approached the victim with a jet ski and brought him safely to shore. After being assessed for injuries, the tourist was handed over to his friend, Panani Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16100699", "title": "6th battalion complex of SSB inaugurated on Indo-Nepal border", "text": "BAHRAICH: 6th battalion complex of Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) was inaugurated yesterday at Agaiyya village, Nanpara on Indo-Nepal border by the union minister of state (Home). Addressing the SSB officials, the union minister laid emphasis on the border security and the development of the border villages.It may be noted that SSB was set up in the year 1963 in the wake of the Indo-China conflict to inculcate feelings of national belonging in the border population and develop their capabilities for resistance through a continuous process of motivation training, development, welfare programmes and activities in the then NEFA, North Assam , North Bengal, hills of Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh , Laddakh.SSB came under the administrative control of ministry of Home Affairs in January 2001. In the June 2001, SSB was declared a border guarding force for Indo-Nepal border. Lucknow Frontier came into existence in 2003 and it started functioning from Kendriya Bhawan building. Now, Lucknow frontier has two sectors located in Gorakhpur and Lakheempur Kheeri with nine battalion headquarters. A total of 126 border outposts (BOP's) came under frontier headquarter, Lucknow and almost all these have been fully established.The Patrol Management System (PMS) is a GPS computer-based system which has been implemented in SSB recently. Functions of SSB are ensuring the security of Indo-Nepal border, inculcate the feelings of national security among the people living in border areas, curbing the crime, smuggling and other illegal activities on the border. Stopping the illegal entry/exit to and from India. Encouraging the citizen welfare programmes in the border areas, executing other activities entrusted by the government of India are also the concerns of SSB.The criminals and the smugglers always try to take an advantage of the porous Indo-Nepal border and to tackle this, the headquarter has strengthened the patrolling teams by implementing the PMS system. Every soldiers deployed on the border are connected with the GPS system which keeps a track of the patrolling activities on the border.The complete security of the border.Listing the border post to strengthen the national integrity.Strengthening the feeling of national security among the people living on the border.Freeing the people with the fear of criminals.Organizing the village level meetings to establish the friendly relationship with the villagers on the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16103518", "title": "Water level raising no threat to human lives", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Valley Development Authority (NVDA) on Friday clarified that raising the water level in Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar reservoirs would cause no threat to human lives as filling was being done gradually keeping in view the safety and security of human lives.\"The district administration in Khandwa and Harda have been put on alert with a contingency plan to extend help in emergency situations,\" said NVDA vice-chairman and principal secretary Rajneesh Vaish. \"No Project Affected Family (PAF) would be deprived of rights under rehabilitation policy and their grievances would be heard sympathetically,\" he said.NVDA clarification came after a group of people, including tribals, were sitting in waist-deep water in the affected areas in Khandwa and Harda districts alleging that increase in water level was causing submergence in areas where land acquisition did not take place.Vaish said there were 44,631 project affected families (PAFs) under Indira Sagar Project (ISP) and 6,290 PAFs under Omkareshwar Project (OSP). The PAFs under ISP had been given compensation of Rs 88508.44 lakh and PAFs under OSP had been given compensation of Rs 8668.68 lakh for their immovable properties.In addition an amount of Rs 23349.47 lakh and of Rs 2019.36 lakh had been disbursed to the ISP and the OSP project-affected as special rehabilitation grant respectively.NVDA vice-chairman said for the resettlement of displaced families a total of 46 rehabilitation sites have been developed with all basic amenities where residential plot measuring 90ft by 60ft had been provided to each PAF free of cost. Families who opt not to take the plot had been given Rs 20,000 in lieu of plot. Vaish said a separate Grievance Redressal Authority (GRA) is also working for the redressal of complaints of project-affected families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16103897", "title": "We did all checks on Ejaz Mohammed Mirza: DRDO", "text": "BANGALORE: The DRDO on Friday said Ejaz Mohammed Mirza, arrested by Bangalore police for alleged terror activities, was not involved in any sensitive work and no sensitive or classified information has been compromised.In a statement on Friday, DRDO said: \"Disciplinary action as per Government of India rules is being taken. Ejaz Mohammed Mirza had been placed as a Junior Research Fellow for the past few months at the Centre for Air Borne Systems (CABS), a DRDO laboratory. Verification of his antecedents as well as police verification was conducted in the process of placement. Under the research fellowship scheme, DRDO offers opportunities to young scientists and engineers for working at DRDO labs in the areas of basic research relevant to the laboratory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16094008", "title": "'CWG complaint against CM maintainable'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday held as \"maintainable\" a complaint alleging the involvement of chief minister Sheila Dikshit and others in large-scale corruption during the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi pulled up police for their \"deliberate attempt\" at causing \"unnecessary delay\" in filing a reply to certain queries posed by the court in connection with the case last year. The court issued a notice to the deputy commissioner of police (DCP) and additional DCP of the Economic Offences Wing to appear in person on September 26 with \"proper reports\", as sought by it on a complaint filed by RTI activist Vivek Garg.Garg had filed a complaint against Dikshit, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan and former CWG Organizing Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi for alleged corruption in CWG-related projects.The complainant said a total expenditure of Rs 1,000 crore was sanctioned for various works in Jawaharlal Lal Nehru Stadium Complex, Indira Gandhi Stadium, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Swimming Complex, Major Dhyanchand national stadium, Dr Karni Singh Shooting Range as well as consultancy for various works but \"the corrupt politicians, officials and businessmen/companies connived with the intention to illegally enrich themselves and spent Rs 2460 crore for which they were not even legally allowed\". The complaint also relies on the report of Central Vigilance Commission and that of Shunglu Committee set up by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to probe alleged irregularities in various CWG projects.The court had earlier asked police to furnish a query-wise reply on whether the complaint disclosed any cognizable offence and what action had been taken on it. The court had also asked if the complainant had been informed about the reason for not taking any action on the complaint.Police had then in their status report said, \"As the matters related to CWG are already being investigated by CBI, all the complaints have been sent to CBI as the subject matter and allegations in the present complaints are also related to CWG.\"The ACMM on Friday said the report filed by the police did not address the queries raised by it.He said Dikshit and others are \"guilty of offences under sections 409 (criminal breach of trust), 420 (cheating), 464 (making a false document), 471 (using a forged document), 477-A (falsification of accounts), 511, 201 (causing disappearance of evidence), 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC and be summoned, tried and punished accordingly\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16123504", "title": "Sidhu's b'day party at The Basement", "text": "We are adults. But to get married, we still have a year to go,\" was how Sidhu summed up Cactus' 20th birthday at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, recently.Obviously then, the tone for the evening was set \u2014 it was banter, laughter and some high-octane music. Once the members touched upon the journey that was, the band started off with some new numbers from their forthcoming album.\"We've incorporated three numbers from Neel Nirjane. That's because the audio CDs are no longer available. So far, Cactus has always sung its own numbers. But for one of the songs in this album, Dulchhe, we've put to tune poet Binayak Bandopadhyay's words. That's a first for us,\" said Sidhu.Then came the songs one after another. From new tracks like Blah blah, written on the promises that politicians make before elections, to classics like Mon, Tuchchho and Holud pakhi \u2014 the gig gave fans at the venue umpteen reasons to raise a toast. Show over, it was time to let their hair down and there too, the 20-year-olds made for a pretty sight!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "what's marriage got to do with it? when actor koel mallick was asked if she would continue in films after her february 2013 wedding to producer nispal singh, her cryptic reply was", "code": "16123653", "title": "Marriage is just another role call for B'town beauties", "text": "What's marriage got to do with it? When actor Koel Mallick was asked if she would continue in films after her February 2013 wedding to producer Nispal Singh, her cryptic reply was: \"It's something I've left to destiny.\"Her reference to fate \u2014 and the changing fortunes of leading heroines once they tie the knot \u2014 took us back to the time we got in touch with Madhuri just after her marriage. She had just shifted to Denver with her husband and the phone call to her home was taken by her mother-in-law. Yes , this was the Nene residence, she said, and no, Madhuri was not at home. But don't you worry, she'll call you back, she added. We didn't think it was necessary to ask her why a superstar like Madhuri would make an international call for an interview in Kolkata. But Nene Senior was firm that she would return the call. It was only courteous and that's the way they did things in the Nene household.  And she was right. Madhuri did call back. To this day, we don't know if it was plain courtesy or if she was gradually slipping into the role of a homemaker who would as naturally return a call as make sandwiches for breakfast. So the question: what's marriage got to do with stardom? And how difficult is it to give up your queen's throne in the industry?Most married heroines who quit films at the pinnacle of success insist that it is a matter of priorities. But then, it can never be too easy to stay away from the limelight. The spotlight is too addictive and the thought of partial anonymity can't be easy to accept. Hence, the willthey-won't-they drama over Kareena Kapoor , Rani Mukerji and Vidya Balan's weddings. But many before them in Bollywood, including Neetu Singh , Sridevi, Jaya Bachchan and Hema Malini, have called it quits and made their comeback only after their kids got busy with their own lives.Raveena Tandon-Thadani, who began dating distributor Anil Thadani while doing Stumped, got married in February 2004. Her daughter, Rasha, was born in March 2005 and son Ranbir in July 2007. Ask Raveena how she adjusted to life beyond the arclights and she says, \"For me, it was easy. I don't miss the hard work and long hours of running from studio to studio. Sometimes, I just miss the dancing. But I always put my family first and had my feet on the ground. I gave myself a reality check time to time.\" This reality check meant understanding that her profession could not be the be-all and end-all. \"Films were a part of life, not my life. There's never a right time, but always the right person to give it all up for. Anil is and was worth it. Then came my two beautiful children. When I am with them, wild horses can't drag me back to the studios. If you love someone, there is no space for adjustments. Things fall into place as you accommodate,\" Raveena says. But now that her kids are busy at school, Raveena has completed two films, Shobhana's Seven Nights (which is going to the Chicago and Ahmedabad film festivals) and Ginn Liya Aasman.\"Now, I balance time at work and time with them. When they were younger, they needed all my attention. I'll work again in the future. But my kids' childhood will never come back!\" Raveena says. Boney Kapoor, who married Sridevi, says he has never seen his wife restless during the years of their togetherness. \"Thanks to my profession, she continues to be closely associated with the industry. She had started working at the age of three. For close to 40 years, she must have done over 250 movies. This break postmatrimony was a godsend,\" Boney says. Never did he find Sridevi show any compelling interest in doing films. Jahnavi was born and she got busy with the family. \"She had rejected so many offers. There was a point when she came very close to doing a film with Amitabh Bachchan for Yash Chopra around 1999. Yashji and she share a comfort level. She was pursued for six months to do Baghban. It was only in the case of English Vinglish that I found her interested enough in the subject,\" he says.Namrata Shirodhkar, who got married to superstar Mahesh Babu in 2005 and has settled down in Hyderabad, says it's never difficult to give it up if one has things clear in the head. \"It's all about you and your priorities. I thought that my life beyond movies was important and hence, I never had any regrets,\" Namrata says. The actor, who made her Bollywood debut in 1998 in J ab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai starring Salman Khan and Twinkle Khanna, considers matrimony and motherhood a great experience. \"There are phases in life and you need to adjust to that. From school, you go on to do your graduation. Then, you follow a career and subsequently, get married. Getting married was a phase in my life that I was looking forward to and I am so happy with how things have turned out,\" Namrata says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094191", "title": "R K Laxman gets Pune Pandit award", "text": "PUNE: Eminent cartoonist R K Laxman was conferred with the Pune Pandit award by the Art and Music Foundation on Friday.The award was presented by former Indian high commissioner G Parathasarathy at the Tilak Smarak Mandir.Laxman was accompanied by his wife, Kamala, who conveyed that he was delighted with the honour bestowed on him.A brief presentation on R K Laxman and his work of over six decades was made. Aroon Tikekar, head of the Asiatic Society, and Ram Tarneja, former managing director of the Bennett, Coleman and Company Limited, reminisced about Laxman and their associations with him.Parathasarathy said, \"Through his cartoons, Laxman taught Indians to laugh. His cartoons are beyond the boundaries of language, religion or region and have brought the countrymen together.\"K Kasturirangan, member of the planning commission, who was present at the award ceremony, said that Laxman is a lone star in the country as far as his work is concerned. \"I was addicted to 'The Times of India' primarily because of 'You Said It' by Laxman. His cartoons have a great level of sophistication and creativity.\"He said, \"Laxman's creativity is consistent and of high quality. He has an extraordinary knack of reaching out to people through his way of communication.\"Tarneja said, \"Laxman is known for his deep thoughts and my association with him for 65 years was wonderful. I remember, he used to be in office at 8.58 am and at his desk sharp at 9 am. He would think and make notes for a long time and come out with the wonders that everybody read on the front page of 'The Times of India'.\"Tikekar, who also had a long association with Laxman, said, \"Laxman had his favourite table where he used to work. It was gifted to him by one of his favourite cartoonists and he never let it go for a long time. He had warned the office staff not to change his desk, unless told to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16129376", "title": "Gerard Depardieu to play Strauss-Kahn in movie on NY sex scandal", "text": "Legendary French actor Gerard Depardieu will play disgraced former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Strauss-Khan in an upcoming move based on the New York hotel maid rape scandal.Isabelle Adjani , who is to star as Strauss-Kahn's multimillionaire journalist wife, Anne Sinclair in the film being directed by Abel Ferrara , has promised that the movie would not shirk from the toughest elements of the tale.\"It should be fascinating because we have a director who isn't French in charge and he's going to go where it hurts,\" Adjsaid in a recent interview with the weekly Journal de Dimanche.\"With him, there's no risk of being politically correct,\" she added.Adjani said that the film, inspired by the famous couple's relationship, will go behind the 'closed doors of a couple in torment,' the New York Daily News reports.According to the paper, Depardieu said in March he found Strauss-Kahn 'arrogant' and 'self-satisfied,' but because of that he would be an interesting character to play.\"Because I don't like him I'm going to do it,\" he told Swiss broadcaster RTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094727", "title": "3 cops, official injured in police lathicharge during Wakad demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: Three policemen and an official of the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) were injured in a stone pelting during a demolition drive at Wakad on Friday.It was after a lull of nearly two months that the new township development authority began the demolition drive around 10am amidst heavy police bandobast.Angry residents pelted stones at the demolition squad and police around 10.45am near Adarsh colony. Police resorted to mild lathi charge to disperse the crowd. Later, the drive passed off smoothly. The unauthorized structures that were demolished comprised single, double and three-storeyed buildings that had hotels , shops and a few houses.V K Patil, executive engineer, PCNTDA, said, \"Sixteen unauthorized constructions measuring around 8,000 sq.ft were demolished. The authority was able to free around five acres of land with this drive. Deputy engineer V D Naik was injured in stone pelting. The glass panes of a forklift were also damaged in stone pelting. Around 350 police personnel provided bandobast for the drive.\"Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (Zone III), said, \"Sub-inspector Punaji Kendre and constables Mallikarjun Pujari and Pravin Kasar of Hinjewadi police station, sustained minor injuries in stone pelting.\"Meanwhile Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation demolished one unauthorized building while another unauthorized building was demolished partially in a drive conducted at Kanvalram park, Vaibhavnagar in Pimpri. Gulab Dangat, executive engineer said that the demolition squad demolished an unauthorized three storey building measuring 10,000 sq.ft built on a plot measuring 2,000 sq.ft and partially demolished the six storey building with total area of 21,000 sq.ft. The civic body used a modern forklane machine capable of demolishing nine storey buildings, for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100431", "title": "Man held for molesting carpool girl", "text": "KOLKATA: A man in his thirties, who used to accompany his daughter to a reputed city school daily on a carpool, was arrested on Friday for allegedly molesting a Class VII student of the same school inside the car.The 13-year-old victim, in her complaint, alleged that the accused Manas Shau (37) used to sit beside her daughter and run his hands indecently over her. The victim also said that she was not the only one, the man's usual targets were the girls who used to sit beside her daughter.On Friday, a crowd gathered near the school after being informed by the girl's mother and handed over the accused, a resident of Kasba, to the police.After returning from the school last week, the victim complained to her mother that the father of one of her carpool mates had misbehaved with her inside the vehicle. She accused Shau of \"touching her indecently\" on way to the school. \"When it first happened to me a week back, I did not have the courage to narrate it to my mother. When the same thing was repeated, I spoke to the driver of the car, who ensured that the father and his daughter were made to sit in the front seat,\" said the Class VII student.She recounted: \"To my surprise, the girls who had started sitting beside the man also found themselves uncomfortable with him. 15 schoolchildren used to travel in the car. The other girls also alleged that they were at the receiving end of the similar behaviour from the man. It was then that I decided to let my mother know about it.\"At the Gariahat police station, the victim's mother said ever since she had come to know about this, she didn't allow her girl to travel in the car. \"I was too occupied with my ailing father, who is recuperating at a hospital. I could not allow my girl getting harassed everyday. It was a serious crime. My daughter was usually sent to the school with someone accompanying her from home. A month back, we decided to enrol her in the carpool services, that picked her up from home. On her way back, she took tuitions and returned in a separate car with another group of students.\"On Friday, too, the accused accompanied the victim to the school. \"After reaching school, my daughter was not allowed to go inside since she was late. When she called and told me that the man was still waiting outside the school, I asked her to pass the phone to him. I told the accused to stay with my daughter till I reach, as she won't be able to come home alone. On reaching there from my Jadavpur home, I informed some locals who reached there and handed over the man to the police,\" said the mother of the victim. According to her, the man first rubbished the allegations. After the crowd gathered there, he confessed everything and requested the victim's mother to let him go. \"But it was a heinous crime. So, I took him to the police station where my daughter filed a formal complaint,\" said the mother.The carpool owner, who himself was driving the car in the absence of the regular driver, confirmed that the class VII student had complained to the driver about Shau's indecent behaviour.The mother also asked the carpool owner the reason behind giving lift to the man daily, when 15 girls were present in the car.Wife of the accused, who had rushed to the Gariahat police station, said, \"Today, I had also accompanied my husband and daughter in the same car pool. While I got down in front of my office, my husband accompanied our daughter to the school. The same car drops him to his office at Dalhousie and he has been travelling in the car for last three years. A girl availing the service for just one month and complaining of misbehaviour is unacceptable. I believe that my husband is being framed.\"The school principal said they would provide all kind of support to the victim and the girl of the accused to overcome the trauma. Joint CP (crime), Pallav Kanti Ghosh, said, \"It happened three days back. Shau was booked under section 354 of IPC for molestation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095450", "title": "Layout sanctioning fee up 50 times", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what may further contribute to ever rising prices of houses in the privately held group housing projects, the board of Lucknow Development Authority has decided to raise the layout sanctioning fee from existing Rs 2,000 to Rs 1 lakh per 12.5 acre of the total area. In a way, a builder constructing a housing project up to 12 acres will have to shell out 50 times more than what he had been paying.LDA vice-chairman Rajneesh Dubey said that the decision has been taken given the ever rising land prices. Likewise, LDA will also be charging higher fee for map sanctioning. The board also decided to impose security on construction of commercial establishments for a mechanised parking lot. Dubey said that there have been instances, wherein builders showed a mechanised parking in the map, but they were not found on the spot. \"In case, they do not construct the facility, LDA will force them to do so,\" Dubey said.The security fee will also be charged on people not confirming to the sanctioned map. \"These people will not only be asked to file an affidavit, but also security fee along with it. This will pressurise the people to see that they adhere to the sanctioned map,\" the LDA V-C said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16104625", "title": "Arunachal tries to pacify protest against airport shift", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government on Friday said it has no role in site selection for the proposed green field airport and the matter was in the hands of the Union civil aviation ministry and the Airport Authority of India (AAI).The state government's statement came in response to the 12-hour bandh called by the Banderdewa Circle Intellectual Forum (BCIF) on Friday to protest the shifting of site for green field airport from Karsingsa to Holongi.\"The civil aviation ministry and the AAI had earlier selected the site at Banderdewa-Karsingsa for the green field airport and its foundation stone was laid by the then Union home minister Shivraj Patil in 2008 under Prime Minister's package. A detailed project report (DPR) with Banderdewa as the primary site was submitted to the ministry and necessary technical clearance from various agencies were obtained,\" state civil aviation commissioner Tape Bagra said.\"Later, an inter-ministerial committee, AAI and director general of civil aviation and planning commission technical members visited the two sites and submitted their report to the Prime Minister's Office with the recommendation to finalize Holongi instead of Banderdewa - Karsingsa as the final site from technical and safety point of view. As such, Holongi was selected for the final site for construction of the airport,\" he said.The technical committee had observed that access to the Holongi site was possible from two ways, whereas the Banderdewa site could manage only one way landing and take off which technically was not sound for operation, he added.\"In the backdrop of Arunachal Pradesh being one of the two states in the country without having any airport, there is an urgent need to expedite the construction of the green field airport for the larger interest of the people of this landlocked state,\" he said in the statement.\"The state government and the department of civil aviation appeal the people to be partners to the development and allow the development wagon to move on. Whatsoever little apprehension looming in the minds of the people over the site of Karsingsa - Banderdewa, state government has plans to gainfully use the land for infrastructure development of public importance in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16101558", "title": "Absence of civic amenities keeps NCR flats vacant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of residential flats are waiting to be occupied for want of 24-metre-wide approach roads and civic amenities like water and electricity connections in NCR cities of Gurgaon, Faridabad and Sonipat.Construction of roads and other infrastructure, which is the responsibility of HUDA has not kept pace with on-site development. This issue came to light during the meeting of members of the Haryana chapter of National Real Estate Development Council ( NAREDCO) with officials of the Haryana government, chaired by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda here on Thursday evening.CMDs of all the prominent builders having projects in Gurgaon, Faridabab and Sonipat were part of the delegation. Largely the meeting revolved around the issue of road connectivity by 24-metre-wide roads, water, sewerage and electricity connections. Besides, the builders also sought relaxation in the laws on ceiling of agriculture lands and withdrawal of state government's conditions on building plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "sultanpur (karnal)", "code": "16101503", "title": "Kids orphaned after Haryana cop dies in the line of duty", "text": "SULTANPUR (KARNAL): The killing of Haryana police assistant sub-inspector, Dharampal, who was mowed down by a car belonging to the liquor mafia near Kurukshtera on Thursday in the line of duty, has orphaned his three children, who are on their own now.Dharampal's wife Nirmala Devi had died after electrocution last year and their children are being taken care of their ailing 85-year-old grandfather, Jaimal Singh.Dharampal's elder daughter, Amrita, 20, said, \"It was all so sudden that we don't know how to handle the situation we find ourselves in.\" Her younger sister, Mamta, 16, and brother, Shubham, 9, were crying, they couldn't speak. \"After Nirmala's death, we stayed at their home for a long time to help the family. But Dharampal's tragic death has increased our problems,\" said Sanjiv Chaudhary, a close relative. Amrita has just graduated from Guru Teg Bahadur College, Taraowari (Karnal) while Mamta is pursuing her 10+2 in a private school in a neighbouring village.Both sisters want to join Haryana police in honour of their father, whose top priority in life was his duty. \"We will try to join the force as soon as possible because now there will be a crisis of bread and butter for us,\" said Mamta, sitting with her siblings in their 100-square-yard house in their village.Villagers still recall the simplicity and honesty of Dharampal, 48, who joined Haryana police in 1987 as a constable and was promoted to assistant sub inspector. \"When we used to ask him why he doesn't want to earn money like many other policemen through `unfair' means, he always replied that he wanted to lead a life of am honest person,\" said Sanjiv Chaudhary.Villagers demand that the government should give him the status of a martyr as he died in the line of duty, apart from economic help to the family and employment to his daughter Amrita and later on to the other daughter, Mamta, and son, Shubham.A close relative, Jasmer Singh, said, \"The government should announce financial help to Dharampal's family in the same way it does to promote sportspersons.\"Singh, who had reached the spot after the death of Dharampal in Kurukshetra district early on Thursday morning, claimed that there was no arrangement of barricades to help the cops in stopping speeding vehicles. \"If there were police barricades, Dharampal would not have lost his life. At least now the government must provide adequate infrastructure to the policemen on duty,\" he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099978", "title": "Snake Helpline stops service", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Members of Snake Helpline, a state-level organization engaged in rescuing snakes, has decided to stop its rescue work till enquiries about its functions directed by the chief wildlife warden are over.The forest officials have ordered an official enquiry following allegations by Sanjib Kumar Das, who claimed to be a member of animal rights body People for Animals (PFA).Das has alleged that members of Snake Helpline are breeding.The helpline has 20 members across the state who get at least 50 calls per day to rescue snakes. \"We have been relentlessly working to rescue snakes for the last several years. But some people with vested interests and having dubious identity are trying to create problems for us. Let the enquiry reveal the truth,\" said Subhendu Mallik of Snake Helpline.Meanwhile, Sanjib Kumar Das was suspended from the organisation for misusing the name of PFA, which affected the credibility of the organisation, said a press release of People for Animals .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16125680", "title": "SMS service for awareness on cheaper drugs in the offing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Department of Pharmaceuticals in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilisers is planning to launch a SMS service providing information about affordable alternatives to medicines prescribed by doctors, the government said today.This was stated by health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in a written reply in Lok Sabha on whether such a scheme benefiting poor patients was being proposed by the government.The Short Message Service (SMS) facility could help poor patients find cheaper alternatives to medicines prescribed by doctors, he said, adding that the details of the service are being worked out.In reply to another question on drug pricing, Azad said the Corporate Affairs Ministry has made a study on the production cost of certain drugs and their market prices which shows there is a huge mark-up in the cost of production vis-a-vis the sale price of drugs.Azad said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sought that all 348 drugs listed in the National List of Essential Medicines, 2011 should be brought within the purview of the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) so that there should be minimum impact on the expenses of consumer.The DPCO is administered by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority under the Department of Pharmaceuticals in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilisers.\"The DPCO Department of Pharmaceuticals has already been requested in this regard,\" the Minister said.In reply to a question, Azad said the Department of Pharmaceuticals has prepared a draft Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices (UCPMP) to be adopted voluntarily following reports of some pharma companies making promotional expenses to doctors.He said a Parliamentary Standing Committee has also recommended decisive action by the Department of Pharmaceuticals in making the Uniform Code mandatory so that effective check could be put on huge promotional costs and the resultant impact of add-on costs on medicine prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16091983", "title": "Cabbies want fare hike in 15 days, warn of \u2018aggressive\u2019 stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Taximen have once again threatened to agitate if the fares are not hiked by mid-September. A delegation of taxi unions met state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma on Friday and demanded a Rs-3 hike in fares as recommended by the Hakim committee.Said taxi union leader A L Quadros, \"We have waited for nearly four months for the Hakim committee to complete its survey and release the final report. We know the committee has recommended a hike of Rs 3 (from Rs 17 to Rs 20) for taxis and want the fares to be revised soon. Why is the government delaying the process? If the fares are not hiked within the next 15 days, we will protest aggressively.\"He said the cabbies were incurring daily losses of Rs 250-300 because of the increase in overhead costs and other expenses.Sharma said the fare revision process for taxis and autos will take some time. \"The Hakim committee report has been sent to transport commissioner V N More for his remarks. After it comes to me, we will meet consumer activists who have requested the government to call them for a discussion,\" he said. \"Public opinion will be sought and the government will follow all procedures before deciding on a fare hike. The unions need to be patient. We cannot act in haste,\" Sharma added.Challenging the calculations made by Hakim, consumer activist Shirish Deshpande claimed auto and taxi fares should come down instead of being hiked. \"Auto fares should be brought down by a rupee from Rs 12 to Rs 11 for 1.5 km. In case of taxis, the fares should drop according to our calculation. I will petition the government on the issue,\" said Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16122710", "title": "India, ASEAN agree to conclude services pact by December", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trade and economic ministers of India and 10-member ASEAN on Friday agreed to conclude the ongoing negotiations to widen the base of free trade agreement between them by including services and investments.Commerce and Industry minister Anand Sharma, who was in Siem Reap (Cambodia) to attend the 10th ASEAN-India Economic Ministers Consultations, reviewed the progress of talks with his ASEAN counterparts.\"India would be hosting a meeting of the Working Group on services and investment in the second half of September to conclude negotiation before the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit in December in New Delhi,\" an official statement said.The ministers agreed to intensify negotiations towards conclusion of the ASEAN-India Trade in services and investment agreement, it said.Both the sides have already operationalised free trade pact in goods in January last year. The officials from both the sides are intensely engaged to include services and investments in the FTA.These two sectors could not be included in that agreement as the two sides failed to reconcile their differences in time and it was decided to have a separate pact on these sectors.Since 2011, bilateral trade has increased by 43 per cent to USD 79.8 billion. India is the sixth largest trading partner of ASEAN.\"The Ministers tasked the senior officials to start review of the implementation of ASEAN-India trade in goods agreement, including the possibility for a package of product- specific rules of origin to further facilitate trade between both the regions,\" it said.It said that the pact would facilitate to commence ASEAN- India discussions on the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) which would bring together a market of more than 50 per cent of the world's population and 30 per cent of the world's GDP.The ministers also discussed preparations related to the ASEAN-India Car Rally . Sharma invited his counterparts to the flag down ceremony of the rally at Guwahati on December 17.Further, Sharma met his counterpart from Myanmar and discussed expansion of items through border trade.Myanmar sought investments from India in the fields of agriculture, mining, oil and gas and infrastructure development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16102766", "title": "LPG crunch hits Gautampura", "text": "MHOW: For about 15,000 residents of Gautampura town and many others from about two dozen major villages adjoining the town, getting LPG cylinders for cooking is no less than a nightmare.Ankit Jain (24) told TOI that a dealer of Depalpur, about 15 kiometres from here has been entrusted with the work of providing LPG to the town. Earlier, a truck-load of cylinders used to arrive at Guatampura either on alternative days or in a gap of 3-4 days but now the truck has started coming once in 15-20 days.Due to this, the demand gets highly accumulated on the day the truck comes and there would not be less than five hundred people queuing up for cylinders. As there is a provision of first come first serve basis, and the truck generally carries 300 cylinders, many people return empty-handed.Such a situation also results in minor scuffles. Manju Patel, a housewife said every time the truck comes, not less than a dozen fights occur among the consumers.When Mukesh Jain, the manager of the LPG agency was asked about it, he said that the agency's quota for this area is very less as compared to the actual number of consumers, which is the main reason for the low supply of cylinders.Indore district food controller Harendra Singh told TOI that the problem is acute because there is only one agency in Depalpur that looks after the complete area.On allotment of more agencies, he said that it is done by the government at the central level but said that he will see into the matter on how to increase the frequency of truck visit in the area.Also, he said that to avoid confrontations, coupon system could be employed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16099197", "title": "School pool was built without planning permit", "text": "CHENNAI: Irked by the revelation that Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Secondary School's swimming pool was illegally constructed without planning permission, the Madras high court has warned the CMDA and Chennai Corporation not to entertain regularisation requests from such violators.A few public interest petitions had sought review of safety of amenities in schools after a Class 4 student, M Ranjan, drowned in the school's pool on August 16. One PIL wanted the school dean and director to be prosecuted for non-cognizable offences punishable under Section 304(ii) of IPC, instead of the bailable offences invoked against them.On Friday, when the matter came up before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy, the police filed a counter-affidavit stating that the school's pool was an unauthorised facility and that the police would invoke stringent non-bailable provisions against the school authorities if the ongoing investigations gathered enough evidence.When senior counsel for the school, P S Raman, submitted that the school's regularisation plea for the swimming pool had been rejected, and that an appeal was pending with the authorities, the judges remarked: \"We are constrained to observe that in the city of Chennai, persons first construct illegal and unauthorised buildings and thereafter submit plans for regularisation. This practice must be deprecated. The CMDA and the Corporation of Chennai are hereby warned not to entertain any request for regularisation of buildings which are illegally and unauthorisedly constructed without any approved plan.\"Banning any further use of the swimming pool, the judges further said: \"Having regard to the fact that the construction of the swimming pool itself was illegal and unauthorised, inasmuch as no planning permission was obtained for its construction, any activity carried out or going on at the swimming pool is equally illegal and unauthorised.\"Taking note of the police submission, they said it was open to the police to alter the case or add more Sections under the IPC if other offences are made out after probe. The judges adjourned the matter by four weeks for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16104294", "title": "'Tech to check blackouts'", "text": "PATNA: The implementation of the Phasor Measurement Unit (PMU) technology in India will help mitigate blackouts and identify the problem in the grid system within a fraction of second, said Chandan Kumar of Western Region Load Dispatch Centre ( WRLDC).\"Currently we get information from the grid per second. With the PMU technology, we will be able to get data information in fractions with more accuracy,\" Chandan told TOI on Friday, the first day of a two-day workshop on 'Emerging Issues in the Power Sector', organized by Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB).More than 60 energy experts from NTPC , Power Grid Corporation, ERLDC, besides BSEB chairman P K Rai attended the workshop.Chandan said a trial run of the PMU technology was going on in the western and northern region and it would be fully implemented in the country by 2014. \"With this new system, detection of any fault at the grid would be easier and faster and it would minimize the loss,\" Chandan said. He also made a PowerPoint presentation on 'smart grid'.The PMU is a device capable of measuring the synchronized voltage and power current. The ability to calculate synchronized phasors makes the PMU one of the most important measuring devices for monitoring power system, he said.\"Tripping of a critical transmission line in any part may have its cascading effect on other important elements leading to widespread disturbances or even blackouts across the interconnection. That was the case on July 31 when the North, East and North-East grids collapsed,\" said an expert from Eastern Region Load Dispatch Centre (ERLDC).Though there is small probability of such blackout in future, system operators at state, regional and national control centres must be prepared to handle such emergency situation and restore the system in the shortest possible time to minimize the loss of production or damage to property, said another expert.\"It is, therefore, essential to keep refreshing our knowledge and also undertake mock exercises in different parts of the regional grid,\" said another expert from Kolkata. The Indian Electricity Grid Code (IEGC) mandates for such exercises twice in a year.As per the IEGC provisions, each state should document and periodically update the restoration procedure of its own system while the RLDC has to do similar exercise for the concerned region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097174", "title": "Woman, kin held for killing husband", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested a woman, her step-father and two brothers for the murder of the woman's husband at Tondiarpet on Wednesday night.Police recovered the body of a man near Government General Hospital on Thursday. Investigators identified the man as M Raj Kumar of VOC Nagar in Tondiarpet. Raj Kumar, a carpenter, went missing four days ago.Police grilled Devi and she spilled the beans. Devi complained about her husband to her stepfather, Murugan, who decided to bump off Raj Kumar. \"Murugan and his sons Selva Kumar and Thalapathy kidnapped Raj Kumar and strangled him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16090213", "title": "Drive against use of improper number plates", "text": "During a special drive taken up by the traffic police to crack down the motorists sporting improper number plates, cops found 2,984 vehicles plying with improper plates in the last 15 days. Cops said persons involved in the business of affixing the number plates were warned that action will be taken if they encourage use of improper plates. \"Decoy teams of traffic police were sent to the shops to check but shop owners have stopped displaying them,'' cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16096880", "title": "High court: Why no FIR on woman\u2019s plaint?", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no need to conduct a preliminary inquiry in every case, said the Bombay high court while rapping the Pune police for not registering an FIR on the complaint of the accused in the sensational Juhi Prasad murder case.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice R Y Ganoo was hearing a plea by Anushree Kundra (39), an undertrial in Yerawada jail for killing her former lover's fiancee Juhi on October 13, 2011.When she learnt that Nimesh Sinha was marrying Juhi, she had a confrontation with them at his Pune flat. Later, while they slept, she set them afire. While Juhi died of 90% burns, Nimesh survived.Anushree's petition said she was Nimesh's live-in partner and he had sexual relations with her, all the time promising to marry her. She met Nimesh in 2006 when she moved to Delhi. In January 2007, they quit their jobs, moved to Pune and began living together. She said Nimesh presented her as his wife. Also, he and his parents \"were draining lakhs of rupees from her hard-earned money''.Anushree said even after she wrote on March 3, 2012, to the Wanowrie police station and the Pune police commissioner to register an FIR against Nimesh, they did not do so. Her advocates S V Kotwal and Vaibhav Jathar argued that it is rape. Additional government pleader Purnima Kantharia justified the action of the Pune police. She said a preliminary probe showed that the allegation was false. She also questioned why Anushree waited for six years to register the complaint. But Justice Khanwilkar said, \"Nobody approaches the police after a promise is made. There has to be a reasonable period in between,'' He asked why the FIR was not filed though the allegations are cognizable. The judges directed the police \"to register the FIR forthwith''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16132255", "title": "Four terror suspects held in Nanded by Maharashtra ATS", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Anti Terrorist Squad has arrested four terror suspects from Nanded district for their alleged links with the accused arrested in Bangalore recently, an ATS official said here today.\"We have arrested four persons, who have links with the terror suspects arrested in Bangalore,\" ATS chief Rakesh Maria said.However, Maria refused to divulge any further details. According to police sources, following the arrest of the terror suspects in Bangalore by the local police, they had shared some information with Maharashtra ATS officials, which has resulted in the arrest of these four in Nanded.The four suspects were picked up from various parts of Nanded district in south-east Maharashtra since past two days following a tip-off about their possible involvement in terror activities.In a major operation two days back, Bangalore Police had arrested 11 persons, including a DRDO scientist and a journalist, with suspected links to Lashkar-e-Taiba and HUJI and claimed to have foiled their plot to target MPs, MLAs and mediapersons in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100669", "title": "Woman jumps off posh highrise with daughters after husband\u2019s death", "text": "KOLKATA: Early on Friday, an 81-year-old woman and her two daughters aged 47 and 35 jumped to death from the 35th-floor roof of the tallest residential tower of the city, significantly, a day after the death of the elderly lady's 91-year-old husband.It's still not clear why the trio, who lived in Golf Green, chose to jump off the terrace of South City's Tower 1. Initial investigations suggest that they were devastated by the death of the eldest member of the family who had been ill for nearly a month.While the entire city was puzzled and shocked wondering what circumstances could have led the trio to choose such a violent end, environment lovers were horrified when the identity of the family was established. Elder daughter Mukuta Mukherjee (47) was a green crusader who had relentlessly fought to stop the paving of wetland banks and single-handedly saved the ecology of ponds and lakes in the city. \"I cannot imagine how a spirited woman like her could have done this,\" rued fellow green activist Bonani Kakkar.Mukuta, along with mother Amita (81) and younger sister Kheya (35), lived in a four-storied building in neighbouring Golf Green and had perhaps opted to jump off a tall building to ensure death. They left behind the death certificate of Nihar Mukherjee (91) and a six-page note, perhaps written by Amita, in which she recounted how their world had been shattered by her husband's illness.The note is dated August 29, the very day Nihar died. In the note, the family expressed its desire to donate all its properties to Rabindra Bharati University. Incidentally, the family had gone to Jorasanko on August 23 to meet the VC to discuss the matter. \"The family returned to the BT Road campus on August 29 with a written proposal on their intention to donate the property,\" Rabindra Bharati VC Sabyasachi Basu Chowdhury said.According to initial probe and CCTV footage, Amita was seen entering the South City elevator at 11.47pm on Thursday. The footage did not capture the two daughters. At the time of entry, the trio said they would check into a guest house at flat number 33 G in Tower 1.Minutes earlier at 11.45pm, the trio had entered the sprawling South City campus in their car (WB02R/7310). Mysteriously, the car had done the rounds of South City twice earlier that evening, once at 7.57pm and again at 10.12pm. The car number was recorded in the register at the gate both times.Though the protocol of South City defines that security personnel will check with the resident and then allow the visitor an entry, the caretaker of the guest house denied having received any such call from the securitymen during this period. Neither have police found trace of anyone lodging there the previous night.The trio exited the elevator at the 34th floor and took the staircase to the terrace. The doors to the terrace at the towers have been kept open since the Park Street fire in 2010 to facilitate easy movement of residents in case of a blaze. What happened thereafter is unclear, but the three finally jumped off at 2.30am.Police suspect the trio was in extreme distress following Nihar's death. Mukuta had, in fact, inquired about a guest house in a highrise with her acquaintances. \"Two days ago, she called up and asked me if I knew of a guesthouse in a tall building where her guests from the US could put up. She explained that they preferred to stay in a highrise. Little did I know she had suicide in mind,\" rued WWF-India director Saswati Sen.Police are checking the previous entries in the visitors' registers to know whether any of the trio went to the guest house for a recce. On the roof of the tower, they spent nearly three hours before taking the fatal plunge. Around 2.35 am, security personnel N Guha Thakurta rushed to the rear side of the building after hearing three thuds one after the other. He found the three women lying in pools of blood. The mother was in a saree, the elder daughter in jeans and shirt and the younger daughter in leggings and top. Amita and Mukuta were found in an embrace while Kheya fell on the lamppost. The impact left a lamppost broken. Police were informed at once.The sleuths later found a blue bag on the staircase that contained Mukuta's bank passbook, the trio's voter I cards, pan cards and cash certificates. This helped identify the trio.Investigations revealed that the family had been distraught ever since Nihar was detected with pneumonia. They admitted him to Ramkrishna Mission Seva Pratisthan and then to Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences. They had even tried to shift him again to Apollo Gleneagles when his condition continued to deteriorate.Finally, on the morning of August 29, Nihar passed away, leaving the family devastated. Mukuta was so disoriented that hours after the death, she called the hospital and pleaded with doctors to try and do something to revive her father, said a hospital source.Before that, Mukuta had called a couple of acquaintances several times, saying it would be very difficult to keep her father alive. Though Nihar died on Wednesday morning, it was only at 7pm on Thursday that the family claimed his body. What happened thereafter is not clear. Nihar was cremated at Keoratola burning ghat around 8.45pm. One R Chatterjee signed on the register at the crematorium. Police are yet to find out who this person is.What is also baffling the sleuths is why the trio chose to end their lives in such a violent manner. They could have done it at home and chosen a less brutal method to commit suicide, pointed out P K Ghosh, joint commissioner (crime), Kolkata Police. \"Instead, they took the trouble of travelling to the South City complex where they neither lived nor knew anyone. We are trying to find out what made them choose South City,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16094462", "title": "Candolim p'yat revokes NOC to beauty parlour", "text": "PANAJI: The Candolim panchayat on Friday revoked its permission given to a beauty parlour at Anna Vaddo after villagers raised concerns about alleged suspicious activity being run in its premises.The gram sabha at Candolim last week saw locals raise a hue and cry about the presence of the beauty parlour which they alleged were a threat to the safety of women and children in the locality.\"The gram sabha held last week saw villagers complaining about hordes of male Indian tourists visiting this beauty parlour and creating a nuisance in the locality. It was unsafe for women and children living in the area,\" said Fermino Fernandes, a panchayat member.Fernandes said that the panchayat had revoked its NOC given to the same beauty parlour, run by Xanta Naik, three years ago. \"The party went to the high court, who directed us to grant them a licence and we did so,\" he said.Fernandes said that the beauty parlour recommenced its business but had flouted many conditions specified in the NOC issued. \"They failed to have any arrangements to take care of garbage and sewage generated. But, the main reason we shut them down was due to demands by local residents who complained of nuisance caused by the beauty parlour's customers,\" he added.A copy of the revocation of the NOC was also handed to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, the local health officer, the director general of police and the Calangute police inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "cmc", "code": "16110146", "title": "Composes music at his home studio", "text": "CMC: Narrating his tryst with music, Dr Robert James, a physician at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) says, \"I was in Class V at St Joseph's Convent in Bhatinda when one day I heard someone playing a guitar and could not resist but rushed towards the sound, pulled by an unknown fascination. I urged my music teacher Ravinder Singh to let me try hands at playing it. I was disappointed when I couldn't play it melodiously the first time and decided to learn it with determination. So, it took me a month from that day to learn the basics of a guitar.\" His parents late Raj Masih and late Mary Philomena got him and his brother Henry James an acoustic guitar soon and they would both run towards the guitar after returning form the school, sys James. \"I continued to play and learn music until now and took a leap after my son Eric was born. I bought Spanish and Hawaiian guitars and a zoom distortion unit for processing the sound of the instruments. I also invested in a professional keyboard and studio software so that I could compose digitally,\" says Dr James. Once he started composing his own tracks, he decided to send these for selection to Grammy nominations. \"Music, to me, is the language of communication with the God. Dr Jasveer James and I had a son 11 years after our marriage and his birth inspired me to practice my music with passion. Winning a Grammy is my dream and I am working hards towards it,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16118664", "title": "Dulquer, Vikram to team up?", "text": "Buzz is that M'wood heartthrob Dulquer Salmaan is likely to have Kollywood's new star Vikram Prabhu teaming up with him in the former's Tamil debut. Vikram Prabhu's first film is yet to release, but he has already got quite a few offers. Close on the heels of signing up to do a film with 'Engaeyum Eppothum' director Saravanan, buzz is that he is now set to join hands with ad filmmakers JD-Jery for a flick.The directors had earlier brought together Ajith and Vikram for their debut film, Ullasam , in 1997. Says a source close to the development, \"JDJery's film will mark the Tamil debut of Dulquer, who is fast making a name for himself with his Malayalam films. Vikram's performance in Kumki has already left an impression in the industry. Since the film is a Tamil-Malayalam bilingual, the directors felt casting these two youngsters would be apt.\"We hear that both Vikram and Dulquer have been buddies since their boarding school days. This, adds the source, made it easier for them to agree to a dual hero subject at such an early stage in their career.When contacted, Dulquer confirmed, \"Yes, I have signed up for a film with Vikram Prabhu. We plan to start shooting soon.\" However, the directors informed us that Vikram is yet to confirm. \"We are talking to everyone concerned and it will take some time to firm things up,\" they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16093195", "title": "Property conversion at the click of mouse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites who want to convert leasehold land to freehold property can now do it online, with the facility for the process being inaugurated by Union minister Kamal Nath on Friday. The software, launched by the Delhi Development Authority, will also help people apply online for conversion of land from leasehold to freehold and the applicant cantrack the status of their requests and fulfill formalities through emails.Calling the step a major milestone, the minister said more services of DDA would go online following this. \"Many people told me stories of making rounds of DDA's office and not being able to meet designated officers. We are also going to add Land and Development Office ( LNDO) properties under the online facility so that residents are no longer harrassed,\" he said. Now, an applicant has to make only one visit to DDA's office.The policy of conversion of property from leasehold to freehold was introduced by the Government of India in 1992. DDA officials said that this policy was necessitated, as in Delhi properties were changing hands without actual transfer or ownership and the purchasers were not able to get loans or leverage the property as a source of revenue generation. Initially, the conversion is being offered in DDA flats and group housing flats only and will soon be extended to other properties. The process is expected to benefit over 22.5 lakh people living in more than five lakh flats..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16110433", "title": "Man fires at accused in police station", "text": "LUDHIANA: An accused in police custody Daleep Kumar was shot at in the Sahnewal police station by a youth from Samrala, Mandeep Singh, on Friday. Daleep, 22, was arrested on Friday morning on a complaint against him for desecrating a religious scripture in an inebriated condition. He was booked for having hurt the religious sentiments under Section 295A of the Indian Penal Code. Mandeep Singh was arrested after he fired at Daleep while the victim is under treatment at a hospital. While the members of the particular religious committee were agitated by Daleep's act and were discussing a way to tackle the situation at Sahnewal police station, things turned ugly when Mandeep entered the station and opened fire at Daleep from his 0.32 licensed pistol leaving him seriously injured. The police were busy dealing with the people gathered at the station. Mandeep was booked under Section 307 for attempt to murder. Police have increased the security arrangements in the area in order to deal with the communal issue carefully. \"We had registered a case against Daleep after arresting him. Mandeep has been arrested and we recovered the pistol from him. The two personnel on duty, including a head constable, have been suspended,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16103955", "title": "374 hysterectomy in 3 Kishanganj blocks", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Uteruses of 374 BPL ( below poverty line) Smartcard holder women have been removed during the last two years in three blocks of Kishanganj district.According to official sources, 116 women were operated upon for hysterectomy in Bahadurganj block alone. Likewise, 85 and 77 women underwent hysterectomy in Kochadhaman and Kishanganj block, respectively, during the same period. Two private nursing homes have been authorized for the purpose. One nursing home conducted more than 200 such operations while 45 persons were operated upon in another one.The district administration has formed a team of doctors and executive magistrate to ascertain the veracity of such operations.Kishanganj ADM Shatrughan Chowdhury, who has been monitoring the probe, told TOI that 184 cases of such operations were thoroughly probed so far, and all these examined cases were found to be true. The enquiry process was still underway, he said.According to sources, permission was not sought from many women who underwent hysterectomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16119555", "title": "Mythili to star in Matinee", "text": "Popular fashion photographer Aneesh Upasana is making his directorial debut through 'Matinee'. Based on a real life incident, the flick will see Mythili essaying a powerful role.A source close to the development says, \"This role will definitely take Mythili to places. She has even undergone a rigorous workshop to prepare for the role.\" The movie also stars Maqbool Salmaan in a prominent role. \"There are so many things that we don't know about cinema. We hear only about the winners and losers in this field. Many other interesting stories are intertwined there,\" the source adds.The music is scored by Ratheesh Vega. The script is written by Anil Narayan and story is penned by the director himself. The shoot of Matinee will start in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16107991", "title": "CBI closure report challenged", "text": "PANCHKULA: In another twist in the Ruchika Girhotra molestation case, the closure report filed by Central Bureau of Investigation , was challenged in the CBI special court here on Friday. Anand Prakash, the main complainant in this case who challenged the closure report, said the report was baseless and not acceptable to them. Besides Parkash, his daughter and Ruchika's childhood friend Aradhana is co-complainant in cases.The court admiited the petition, and the next hearing is on October 4. Earlier, the CBI had filed a closure report in the same court on June 1. The report came as a big relief for former Haryana top cop SPS Rathore and a major setback for the complainants, who had fought the lone battle for many years. This report had virtually giving a clean chit to Rathore, in the cases pertianing to tampering of post-mortem report of teenaged Ruchika and torturing her brother Ashu Girhotra in police custody, after arresting him in fake cases. The closure report had maintained that there was no sufficient proof to prove the allegations made against former Rathore, who was accused of molesting 14-year-old Ruchika. He was sentenced to 18 months' rigorous imprisonment by a district and sessions court of Chandigarh on May 25, 2010, and spent nearly 171 days behind bars in Burail jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095736", "title": "UP has taken steps to attract investment in infra, power: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav chaired a conference of global investors in Lucknow on Friday and assured them that the state government is working proactively to make UP a sought-after investment destination.The chief minister said that several steps had already been taken to attract more investments in energy and infrastructure sectors.Reiterating that the state has immense investment possibilities, Akhilesh said, \"UP would add up to 1,500 MW of capacity in the energy sector within the next one year.\"He also said that while the state government on one hand is adding capacity to the Obra, Harduaganj and Panki power plants, efforts are also on to take up projects in the PPP model in the thermal, hydro and solar energy sectors.Highlighting similar initiatives in the road and infrastructure networks in the state, Akhilesh said that the government is working to develop industrial clusters at all major road network projects. Apart from the Lucknow-Agra highway, the state had already issued orders to widen 26 major roads in the state.The CM also said development plans are underway for strengthening the health infrastructure in the state, with plans underway to build new trauma centres, service delivery systems, mobile units and medical emergency and diagnostic centres on PPP model.The chief minister also said that the state government is working simultaneously to implement the new information technology policy in the state.A major step, he said, in this area was the government's decision to set up the IT city in Lucknow. In addition, plans had also been made to develop Greater Noida as an industrial hub.Emphasising on his promise to increase employment opportunities in the state, Akhilesh also said that the government is committed to protect the interests of farmers in UP.The collective efforts of the government across sectors, he added, would ensure that UP grows at a higher rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094988", "title": "Threat perception high, but bomb squad weighed down by lone suit", "text": "PUNE: The heart-stopping image of a city policeman working with bare hands to defuse one of the explosive devices on J M road on August 1 is fresh in public memory. A bullet-proof vest and an anti-riot helmet was all he had as protection as he went about attending the call of his duty to deactivate the device.It was a race against time for him as four devices had exploded in about 60 minutes, metres away from each other. Two more that failed to explode were also to be defused. His brave act apart, it was crying out for attention to address the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad's (BDDS) need for more bomb disposal suits. The squad, apparently, has just one suit to deal with the situation, which has been in use for 12 years.Four years ago, the city police sent a requisition to the state government for six bomb disposal suits. Then, the German Bakery blast happened on February 13, 2010. It claimed 17 lives and left 64 injured. Even after this, the city police's repeated reminders to the state to strengthen the BDDS with adequate equipment for handling explosive devices has not found favour with Mantralaya.It is for situations like the one on the J M Road on August 1, that the police have been pursuing the matter with the government. The need for an extra suit was acutely felt on that day when an arterial road was gripped by panic caused by the minor blasts.\"The government must recognize the threat perceptions for an economically and socially vibrant city like Pune, which has already been targeted twice by the terror elements,\" said a former city police commissioner. \"Having a well-equipped and adequately geared up BDDS is imperative for us,\" he said. The BDDS, which is the only expert unit of its kind with the city police, is meant for responding to situations not only in Pune but also the Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur districts.A senior police officer, who did not wish to be named, conceded, \"We need at least 12 bomb disposal suits as against the six that we have been pursuing with the government. Things have not progressed much so far on this front.\"He said, \"The first proposal for six bomb disposal suits was made in 2008 but, the tendering and purchase process got mired in red tape. After the German Bakery blast, we have lost count of how many times we sent reminders for bomb disposal suits but we are yet to receive them.\" The explosive devices used in the J M Road incident may have been a low-intensity one with smaller detonators, but the risk to life was no less than that encountered in a bigger device, he pointed out.\"Along with the bomb disposal suits, the BDDS also requires a couple of Total Containment Vehicle (TCV), used for shifting the explosive device to a safer place, and a remotely-controlled robot for handling such devices. We have sent proposals for these two but these equipment are very costly. We do not know when the government will purchase them but, the priority ought to be given to as basic a need as that of a bomb disposal suit,\" he said.When contacted, joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal told TOI, \"We have sent our proposal related to the bomb disposal suit and the state home department will take the decision regarding the purchase of these suits.\"20 hoax calls in AugustThe BDDS had to deal with at least 20 bomb alerts, which eventually turned out to be hoax calls, in the last one month following the JM Road blasts. \"Prior to the low-intensity serial blasts, we would receive an average of four to five calls every month but it has gone up owing to increased consciousness among people and a greater alert about explosive devices,\" said a BDDS officer. Irrespective of whether a call turns out to be genuine or a hoax, the BDDS has to conduct thorough searches. \"With one bomb disposal suit, it is practically impossible to respond to more than one bomb hoax call at a time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16091119", "title": "Panchayats pocket funds given for playgrounds", "text": "YAVATMAL: Most of the beneficiaries in various gram panchayats in the district have pinched funds given to construct playgrounds under the central government sponsored Panchayat Yuva Krida Abhiyan (Payka). This scheme is being implemented since 2008-09 in a phased manner.District collector Ashwin Mudgal has, after receiving complaints from the public, particularly from young sportsmen, ordered a panel inspection into the allegations. The panel will verify the authenticity of the completion reports submitted by the gram panchayats.There are 1,205 gram panchayats in the district and the central government sponsored Payka scheme to promote sports and games among youths in the rural areas was introduced in 121 select gram panchayats in 2008-09. The scheme is to be implemented in the entire district in a phased manner till 2016-17, with 10% GPs getting funds every year. The selected GP is granted Rs1 lakh in two instalments, to construct play grounds in their villages.In the first phase, 121 GPs in 16 tehsils were selected and the first instalment of Rs50,000 was granted to them to implement the scheme. However, very few GPs have constructed the playgrounds and submitted a progress report to the district sports office for further allotment of funds. The others have misappropriated the fund by submitting bogus progress reports without constructing the playgrounds.\"We have so far received 93 of the 121 progress reports from GPs and they are being scrutinized,\" said the collector. \"Since there are complaints, we have decided to set up a panel to inspect and randomly verify the reality,\" Mudgal said, adding that action would be taken against those found guilty of misappropriating funds meant for setting up playgrounds.When asked about the quantum of funds allotted to GPs so far, the collector said Rs1.3 crore has been released towards first instalment. He said the second instalment would be released only after the panel inspection reports are received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16098421", "title": "Cops nab thief, seize 11 bikes", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have nabbed a 32-year- old vehicle thief, who reportedly stole bikes from the areas of Bhadrakali and Upanagar and disposed of them in rural areas.The accused was arrested on August 27, has been remanded in police custody till Saturday.Officials of the Nashik Road police station said that they recieved a tip-off from one of their informants that a person named Akram Shaikh was moving in the city on a stolen motorbike. Subsequently, a trap was laid and the suspect was picked up from the Deolali Gaon area.During his interrogation, the suspect informed told cops that he had stolen as many as 11 bikes from the city. While nine were sold in rural areas, two vehicles were found in his possession. Police said, Shaikh was a native of Kalyan and had come to Nashik about seven to eight months ago with his wife.Under the guise of running a small garage at Chincholi phata, the accused stole motorcycles from locations like Nehru Garden, Sai Hospital, Kalidas Kalamandir, Nashik Merchant Bank and Regimental Plaza and would then sell them in far-off places like Sinnar, Igatpuri, Ghoti, Chincholi, Manmad and Kalyan for around Rs 20,000.The police added that if the customers demanded vehicle documents, the accused used to take one instalment of the payment and would ask customers to keep the remaining amount ready until he delivered the documents. But the accused never came back with the paperwork, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088830", "title": "Needle of suspicion at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Sonegaon Lake acquisition proposal", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) proposal to acquire Sonegaon lake by excluding three acres despite possessing several documents to identify the exact area of the lake has raised several eyebrows. There is good reason to question the proposal as this three acre land was a proposed layout rejected by the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) six years after receiving the application.The NMC possess a copy of the sale deed for the Sonegaon lake, besides the 7/12 extract and few other documents. They prove that the lake measures 16.42 hectares, including 7.40 hectares in khasra no. 23/1, 8.21 hectares in khasra no. 23/3 and 0.81 hectares in khasra no. 23/4. Even, the State government's gazette notification states the lake's area as 16.42 hectares. Despite this, the NMC's town planning department proposed to acquire just 15.21 hectares, a difference of 1.21 hectares or three acres. Even, the NMC's Standing committee has approved the proposal.The Sonegaon lake is protected from East side due to rocky embankment constructed during the British regime. To the south, road has been constructed between the lake and Sonegaon residential area. The northern side is at a higher level than the lake surface. But it's the western side where the ground level meets the lake's surface that has invited controversy. Activists of Sonegaon Lake Bachao Sangarsh Samiti, who have been fighting for the conservation of the lake since 1980, have staged demonstrations on several occasions against residential construction on the western side.According to the data with NIT, houses constructed along the western side of the lake belong to Swagat Cooperative Housing Society. The society's layout is around 14.66 acres which is regularized by the NIT under Gunthewari Act. According to the city's development plan, the society's land was reserved for garden and marked as khasra no-9. But NIT deleted the reservation for regularization under Gunthewari Act. The NIT approved the layout on May 19, 2005, which clearly mentions Sonegaon lake with khasra no. 23 towards its East direction.On February 17, 2005, NIT received an application from Sheetal Cooperative Housing Society for approval to a layout no. 1900/son/4563, also in khasra- 9. The application came just three months before nod to Swagat society's layout which too is khasra no. 9. Shockingly, the Sheetal Housing Society's layout plan had included some portion of the lake and also an open space of 5,934 sq mt reserved for the garden. Moreover, the layout plan was overlapping plots approved for Swagat society. Sheetal society's plot numbers were proposed from plot no. 4 to 61. It implies Sheetal society proposed 57 plots, illegally covering three plots of Swagat society.However, the NIT rejected the Sheetal Society's proposed layout on July 19, 2011. However, what took NIT six long years to reject the proposal is disputable.NIT officials and a source from Sheetal Society denied having any information about the proposal and disassociated it with the Swagat Society layout. In this context, NMC's proposal to acquire the Sonegaon lake by excluding three acres indicates vested interest in the Western side.According to activist Gopal Thosar, the Swagat Society's land too is questionable. \"I am witness to the lake's actual catchment area which was much beyond Swagat Society. In between there have been many plans to occupy the land between the Swagat Society and the lake. Still, the NIT regularized Swagat Society's layout. In the past, the lake water has entered the society, establishing the exact catchment area,\" he said.Activist TH Naidu said the lake's 16.42 hectares land can be identified only after measurement by the district administration. \"Residential construction on the western side may come under scanner if the lake's area falls short of 16.42 hectares. The NMC has already decided to approach the district administration for acquisition of the lake. We too are planning to submit application to collector Saurabh Rao for measuring the lake's area. We will not tolerate parting with the lake's area. Enquiry should be conducted on Sheetal Society's layout proposal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16103222", "title": "Greens hail Supreme Court decision on endosulfan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Environmentalists have welcomed the Supreme Court order on Friday to shift the endosulfan case to a green bench. , which exclusively hears petitions related to environment.The move will benefit the case, especially since it has reached a critical juncture wherein the agriculture ministry wants the ban on the pesticide to be lifted in all states, except Kerala and Karnataka.\"The petition filed in the Supreme Court is against gross violation of environmental laws, as endosulfan was sprayed indiscriminately over cashew plantations in Kasaragod. Strangely enough, after the case came up in the court, it was the agriculture department which filed affidavits. Therefore, a proper environmental impact study on the side-effects of the pesticide is yet to be done by the government,\" said C Jayakumar, trustee of Thanal, an environmental organization which has been probing endosulfan-related health issues in Kasaragod.The court on Friday also pointed out that the report filed by the government was not clear on whether there had been an adverse impact by banning the pesticide. It asked the government to file another report to get a correct view on the issue.Last year, the Supreme Court, acting on a writ petition filed by the Democratic Youth Federation of India, had banned the production and sale of endosulfan in the country. The court had directed the state and Centre to freeze the production licences granted to manufacturers. \"The government should not allow the production of endosulfan when the Stockholm convention, a global treaty to protect health and environment, has declared it as a persistent pollutant,\" Jayakumar said. Last year, India joined 83 countries that have banned its use.The 5,000-odd endosulfan victims in Kasaragod have been awaiting financial aid and rehabilitation for the past two decades. However, the state is still preparing the final list of victims.Environmentalists welcomed a supreme court order on Friday to shift the endosulfan case to a green bench which hear petitions related to only environment.This move, greens say, will benefit the case in a positive manner, especially as the case has reached a critical juncture wherein the agriculture ministry wants the ban of the pesticide to be lifted except in Kerala and Karnataka.\"The petition filed in the supreme court is against the gross violation of environmental laws, as endosulfan was sprayed indiscriminately over cashew plantations in Kasargod. But strangely enough, when the case up in the supreme court, it was the agriculture department which has been filing affidavits. Therefore a proper environmental impact study on the side- effects of the pesticide is yet to be done by the government,\" said, C Jayakumar, trustee of Thanal , an environmental organization which probed into the endosulfan related health issues in Kasargod .The court on Friday also pointed out that the report filed by the government is not clear on whether there has been an adverse impact by banning the pesticide.The court has asked the government to file another report to get a correct a view on this issue.Last year the supreme court, acting on a writ petition filed by the Democratic Youth Federation of India, had banned the production and sale of endosulfan in the country. The court had directed the state and centre to freeze the production licences granted to manufacturers of endosulfan.\"The government should not allow the production of endosulfan when the Stockholm convention, a global treaty to protect health and environment had declared endosulfan as a persistent pollutant,'' Jaykumar said. Last year, India joined the list of 83 countries that have banned the use of this pesticide.Meanwhile, the 5,000 odd endosulfan victims in Kasargod district have been awaiting for financial aid and rehabilitation for the last two decade. The state government is now preparing the final list of endosulfan victims to provide financial aid taking into account of people who had participated in two medial camps last", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16093110", "title": "Students booked in road rage case", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A suspected incident of road rage in Dankaur of Greater Noida involving a school bus left 11 kids and the driver injured. The incident triggered off when the school bus accidently drove through a rain puddle splashing slush over several students standing nearby, police said. Cops have booked five people in the case.According to the Gautam Budh Nagar police, the incident occurred on Thursday morning when a Greater Noida school bus was ferrying nearly 40 kids to a school near Sirsa village. \"Around 8.30am, when the bus was passing another village, its tyres accidently went into a puddle,\" said Ashwini Kumar, SHO Dankaur police station. \"The muddy water splashed on a group of students who were also on their way to school. In a fit of rage, five students stopped the school bus and pulled out the driver and the helper,\" Kumar said.The driver, Brijesh, and his helper, Sanjay, were then roughed up but they somehow managed to escape, police said. However, the angry students didn't let the matter end there. On Friday morning, when the same school bus was on its way with nearly 35-40 students, the accused once again stopped the vehicle and assaulted the duo. When the children inside the bus raised an alarm, the accused ran away.According to the injured driver, the accused started beating them without any reason. \"I tried to pacify them and apologized as well, but they did not listen and continued beating us with sticks,\" Brijesh said.The incident has terrified the parents of the injured kids who opt for school buses just for the safety it provides to the children.Kids said the accused pelted the school bus with stones due to which several window panes broke. Eleven kids received bruises in the ensuing melee. The police, however, refused to admit that stones were thrown by the accused causing damage to the school bus.The injured school bus driver, helper and the children were then taken to the district hospital for treatment, from where they were allowed to go after administering first aid, the SHO said.On a complaint received from Rakesh Bhati, the owner of the school and the bus, the police have registered a case for rioting, voluntarily causing hurt, mischief, intent to provoke breach of peace, and criminal intimidation.\"Five students studying in classes X, XI and XII have been booked under Sections 147, 323, 427, 504 and 506 of the IPC,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16089801", "title": "Defence, nuclear units were on Karnataka terror radar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vital Army, Navy and nuclear installations in south India were on the terror radar of the suspects arrested in Bangalore and Hubli for allegedly plotting to target MPs, MLAs and journalists in Karnataka. During interrogation, they apparently said Saudi Arabia-based handlers of these terrorists are Pakistanis and Indians.\"Most politicians who were in the hit list of these suspected terrorists belong to BJP, one of them a party Rajya Sabha MP,\" said an official.Karnataka Police recovered photographs and sketches of South Indian defence installations from the suspects. DRDO claimed \"no sensitive or classified information was compromised\" after the busted terror plot revealed involvement of one of its scientists Aijaz Ahmed Mirza.Police suspect there must be some connection between these recovered photographs and sketches and Mirza, who might have been in touch with others in defence establishments over the months.Though the police did not find any details relating to nuclear establishments during the raids in Bangalore and Hubli, three of the 11 terrorists - linked to Pakistan-based outfits Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and Harkat-ul-Jihad-Al-Islami (HuJI) - admitted during interrogation that they were also asked to do surveillance of these installations by their handlers in Saudi Arabia . Central agency sources said two of the arrested suspects had also visited Tehran before going to Pakistan.It is learnt that the inputs about these two modules, operating out of Hubli and Bangalore, had come from Andhra Pradesh during technical surveillance on some of the 'remnant' groups of the slain HuJI terrorist Shahid Bilal.Although Bilal, who had set up network in Hyderabad and other cities in Andhra Pradesh before fleeing to Pakistan , was reportedly shot dead in Karachi , some people belong to the modules created by him are active in many southern states. \"Arrest of some more persons of these modules cannot be ruled out at this juncture\", said the official.These details emerged even as DRDO on Friday said that Mirza had been placed as Junior Research Fellow (JRF) for the past few months at the Centre for Air Borne Systems (CABS), a DRDO laboratory, after a thorough background check. \"Verification of his antecedents including by police was conducted in the process of Mirza's placement on the temporary position of JRF,\" the DRDO said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16108214", "title": "Major fire at Burail godown", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A major fire broke out in a godown in Burail on Friday morning. The godown was stocked with second-hand readymade clothes. The amount of exact loss is yet to be ascertained, but sources revealed that over Rs 1 lakh material got damaged in the incident. The incident took place around 6am, when some passerby made a call to fire wing of the MC. The fire tenders rushed to the spot, situated at Kumhar area of Burail. As the area was congested and vehicles were parked, the fire tenders had to struggle to reach the godown. Sham Singh, sub-fire officer of the MC while taking to TOI said, \"Fire broke out at 6am and it was so big that we had to call over half a dozen vehicles immediately. The godown was filled with around 15 to 20 tonne of readymade clothes therefore fire spread throughout the godown very fast.\" Sub-inspector Devinder Singh, in charge of Burail police post, said, \"Short-circuit in the electrical wires seems to be the reason behind the incident.\" Sources in fire wing said firemen managed to control the blaze within an hour, but it took over three to four hours to douse the flames completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16131933", "title": "Militant killed in encounter in Jammu &amp; Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: A militant is believed to have been killed in an encounter with security forces in Kangan forest area of central Kashmir Ganderbal district, police said today.A gunbattle broke out between militants and security forces in forests of Kangan area 40 km from here, late last night, police said.One militant is believed to have been killed but it can be confirmed only after the operation is over and the body is retrieved, they said.Police said exchange of firing was going on till reports last came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16098036", "title": "Urban development minister presses for vertical growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reinforcing Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's declaration earlier this week that all 1639 unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization will get the legal tag, Union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Friday opened the doors for colonies that may have been left out of the list. \"If they can prove that they existed prior to the notification of Masterplan 2021(in February 2007), we will consider the colonies for regularization,\" he said, asserting that people of Delhi would be protected from demolitions at any cost.Nath's populist announcements came on a day when a notification announcing regularization of 917 unauthorized colonies was expected. The Centre also came out in support of religious structures on government and private land, declaring that guidelines were being formulated to regularize all such structures that came up prior to February 2007.Nath's populist announcements seem intended to boost Congress's prospects in next year's Delhi assembly election. The FAR proposals are aimed at spurring a construction boom that could result in more high rises in commercial and residential areas.The minister cited a growing mismatch between demand and supply of housing to press for going vertical and also offered a sweeping amnesty for unauthorized colonies, saying those living in such settlements cannot be asked to go away.Arguing that a widening mismatch between demand and supply of housing has resulted in a steep rise in property prices, Nath indicated major changes in Delhi Master Plan-2021 to push housing and commercial projects. He also said the plan should be \"driven by market forces\", an indicating a large role for developers.Nath made nearly two dozen announcements with many aimed to appeal to Congress's vote banks - whether it was government's \"in principle\" stand against demolition of illegal colonies or the promise of houses for poor on a massive scale. The decisions, Congress leaders hope, will arrest the slide in support that the 2011 municipal polls revealed with BJP was voted back despite an indifferent record. Looking to woo rural voters, the minister said the government is examining extension of Lal Dora (village habitation) areas. This means villages which have overgrown earlier notified boundaries will be exempted from building byelaws.Besides residential colonies, the minister said an additional list of unplanned industrial areas already notified by Delhi government can be regularized as well. This will end uncertainty of thousands of small industrial units. \"This will directly impact people's lives and livelihoods and help Congress regain ground,\" said a source.The minister pointed to New York and Hyderabad as examples of cities that don't have FAR restrictions and said, \"You may have to go higher... We are looking at more FAR for community service. There has to be an incentive to build higher and the higher FAR will help with the funding of the community facilities too.''He justified higher FARs for hospitals and motels. \"There is a huge shortage of land. We are considering more FAR for these buildings subject to conditions such as adequate parking facilities and clearances from fire department,\" the minister said.Paving the way for intensive development in more remote areas of Delhi, the minister said in next two weeks four transport corridors could be added to the Master Plan.Justifying radical shifts in policy, Nath said the current Master Plan could not keep pace with the growth of the city. \"Either the plan was wrong or the implementation failed...so we have huge number of unauthorized colonies. We have to keep pace with urbanization. We can't have a Master Plan that doesn't look into the next 30 years,'' he said.Already the apex committee on MPD-2021 headed by Delhi Lieutenant Governor has finalized 23 amendments. These include the present area of 400 sqm in residential group housing societies for community facility would be increased to 1,200 sqm (free from FAR). This would facilitate provision of recreational halls, creche, library, reading room etc.\"In industrial areas, a residential component is being added for workers which, is currently not allowed. Development control norms are also being made for flexible, particularly for old colleges by defining residential/ hostel/ college building and play field area. They can all go for redevelopment accordingly, as only the colleges know best on what is required,'' said the minister.Other amendments proposed in the Master Plan include hospitals with 100 beds on industrial plots, as well as redefining the term industrial plots to remove the restriction to 50 workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16097538", "title": "2 Delhi cops detained for Rs 3cr robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two policemen posted at Kanjhawala police station in outer district were detained on Friday for allegedly robbing a man of Rs 3 crore in Shakarpur on August 28.Posing as special cell sleuths, head constable Umesh Singh and constable Parminder Hooda had forcibly stopped the man's car and threatened him into handing over the \"hawala\" money he was carrying. The Crime Branch have recovered Rs 1.37 crore from the duo.The detentions came even as two Crime Branch sleuths were suspended over allegations that they extorted Rs 1.45 crore from a city businessman through a property racket. An FIR was lodged on allegations by the city businessman that two crime branch cops connived with real estate racketeers and extorted Rs 1.25 crore from him by threatening to eliminate him in an \"encounter\".Piyush Kochar, who has filed a complaint, said he was taken to the Malviya Nagar Crime Branch office where he was shown video clips of torture in custody and made to sign blank papers.The FIR registered by the Crime Branch (TOI has a copy) charges the accused with extortion (384 IPC), wrongful confinement (342 IPC), criminal conspiracy (120B) and criminal intimidation (506 IPC) among others. Crime branch sources said the two constables named by Kochar have been suspended as prima facie evidence was found.Kochar, a businessman from Mukherjee Nagar, said he was lured by two men into buying property in Vikaspuri Extension in 2008 but it was registered under power of attorney. He was allegedly promised a will to attest his ownership but the original owner never turned up. The two men advised him to sell the property instead and Kochar sealed a deal in May this year. He had secured an advance of Rs 31 lakh but the two men took the amount, saying the property sale had been challenged and they needed the money to bribe the cops, the complaint said.That was not the last of it. Kochar said the men began to turn up at his home with guns and threatened to have him framed in a rape or drugs case if he did not pay them off. Kochar alleged that he had paid Rs 1.25 crore since but the duo demanded Rs 40 lakh more.Kochar said in the FIR that he even left his house and switched off his cellphones in fear. \"But these people became more aggressive and came to my house and started threatening (sic) my mother and sister. When I was informed...I contacted them but they threatened to kill me. They began to send a woman to my house late night along with a few goons who rang the bell and hurled abuses,\" Kochar said. After this incident on June 9, Kochar went to the Mukherjee Nagar police station where, he alleged, the woman accused him of promising to marry her and borrowing money from her.When he denied knowing the woman, three men, including Crime Branch constables Amit and Pyare Lal bundled him into a car. \" They made me talk to one of the accused who threw his weight around saying that he had told him he could anything to me. Then they took me to crime branch (Malviya Nagar) and tortured me. An inspector came to me and asked to pay up the money and threatened him saying he had done many encounters and next would be mine,\" alleged Kochar. \"They made me sign some blank papers and some forms... One of the accused began to show video clips of torture in custody.\"Kochar filed a complaint on June 8, but the accused \"began to force me to take my complaint back or they will shoot me right away\", the businessman said. \"On June 10, I managed to run to the extortion cell and narrated the incident. They (the accused) are still harassing me and threatening to kill me if I didn't give them the money.\" No arrests have been made yet, but sources said prima facie evidence had been found and investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16100601", "title": "Activist\u2019s work cut off family", "text": "KOLKATA: The close-knit family of four - Nihar and Amita Mukherjee and their daughters Mutuka and Kheya - lived in Golf Green, one of the few localities in south Kolkata that has a lively para culture. Though neighbours here usually step forward to help, the family was somewhat alienated by Mukuta's passionate activism that irked a section of residents. At times, her persistent objection to pruning of tree branches that encroached into an apartment, or cutting down a tree whose roots threatened the foundation of a building caused resentment in the neighbourhood. And hence, the family kept to itself.Thus, when doctors advised Nihar's immediate hospitalization after suspecting pneumonia, Mukuta had called up a couple of acquaintances and sought help for his admission to Ramkrishna Mission Seva Pratisthan. \"I won't be able to save my father. He has been ill for a month and we were treating him for cough and cold, never realizing that he had contracted pneumonia. I will never be able to forgive myself if something happens to him,\" one of them recalled her saying.In hospital, Nihar's condition remained on the edge. Amita, Mukuta and Kheya remained severely depressed over the prolonged illness. During the two weeks he was in the hospital, she would often call up the acquaintance and express her frustration over her inability to do anything. \"I can sense him slipping away. Yet, I am unable to do anything to help him. Please tell me what to do. I feel utterly helpless and disoriented. We are three women with none to advise or stand by us,\" she would blurt out time and again.When Nihar's condition failed to improve and gradually worsened, she called the acquaintance for help. That was a week ago. \"Money is not an issue. Please tell me where to shift my father for better treatment. Doctors said the infection has spread to both lungs,\" she said, breaking into sobs.Nihar was then admitted to the ITU at Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences. All through, Mukuta remained in constant touch with the acquaintance and appeared confused and distraught. When his condition turned critical, she wanted to shift him to yet another hospital off the Bypass, but doctors advised against it. \"Transporting the patient in this critical condition will be risky,\" a doctor had told Mukuta.When Nihar finally died of multi-organ failure around 10.45am on Wednesday, the family simply refused to accept that he was no more. Though doctors tried to counsel and console them, telling the family that they had done all they could, Mukuta pleaded with the doctor to keep him in ITU. It was only after 4pm that she allowed the hospital to shift the body to the mortuary. Yet, she again called the hospital on Friday morning to inquire if the doctors could do nothing to revive him.It was only at 7pm on Thursday that the family finally collected the body. What happened between 4pm on Thursday and 7pm on Friday is not known, but the family possibly brooded over the issue and meticulously planned the suicide during this period. Police suspect the family left their Golf Green apartment on Thursday evening with the resolve to never return. Then they went to cremate Nihar. After the cremation, they went directly to the South City terrace and took the plunge four hours later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16103775", "title": "Karnataka terror case: Shaken families demand proper probe, fair trial", "text": "BANGALORE: The parents of four youths who were among 11 arrested by Central Crime Branch of Bangalore police on Wednesday for alleged terror activities demanded a fair trial and prompt release if they are innocent.On Friday, they expressed their confidence in the judiciary. \"We only hope a proper investigation is conducted against all the accused, including my brother Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui. If they're innocent, they should be immediately released,\" said Ata-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, brother of 26-year-old journalist.\"If he is guilty, he should definitely be punished. I'm confident my brother is innocent and will emerge unscathed,\" asserted Siddiqui, a Hubli-based businessman.Sheikh Rafiq Ahmed Sholapur (father of Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur); Ata-ur-Rehman Siddiqui (brother of Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui); AM Mirza, a railway employee and father of Ejaz Mohammed Mirza and BCA student Shoaib Ahmed Mirza and Sakhina Bibi (mother of Md Yusuf Nalbandh) spoke to mediapersons here on Friday.\"We got to know about the arrests only late Wednesday evening though they were taken into custody in the morning. We're not even sure of the charges framed against them,\" said Sheikh Rafiq Ahmed Sholapur, an assistant conservator of forest and employed with the watershed development department in Udupi.\"My son is 100% mentally fit and a brilliant young man. He can in no way be involved in this. We're considering filing a habeas corpus petition soon,\" he said.Sakhina Bibi was devastated by her son Nalbandh's arrest. \"I don't know how to read or write, so I can't do much to help my son through his legal wrangles. All I can do is to pray for him he comes out safe,\" she said.\"He is the eldest and only breadwinner in my family. I don't have anybody else apart from him. He used to work for a private consultancy firm and his earnings kept me alive amid my heart and blood pressure problems. Now, I'm utterly helpless,\" she added.AM Mirza, father of DRDO scientist Ejaz Md Mirza and Abdul Rauf Mirza said: \"We don't even know where our children have been taken and the conditions under confinement. We hope to meet the governor and the home minister soon.Ata-ur-Rahman said, \"The residents of his (Muthi-ur-Rahman) locality and everybody who knew him have vouched for his innocence. I'm sure there has been a mistake and my brother has nothing to do with outlawed terrorist outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16100347", "title": "Protest against cop inaction in crime against women", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Of the total number of incidents of crime reported against women in the state, about 48 per cent are related to torture because of dowry followed by 21 per cent for molestation. A total of 4,532, 4,854 and 5,191 criminal cases against women were registered in 2009, 2010 and 2011 respectively. In the wake of growing atrocities against the fair sex, women's organizations on Friday staged a demonstration in front of the Assembly. They alleged violence against women was aggravating because of the callous attitude of the police and their inaction.\"Everyday newspapers are carrying stories of women and young girls being raped, pushed off bridges, attacked, kidnapped and killed for dowry. In most cases, the police are not taking FIRs unless they are pressured. A total 242 cases were reported in the past seven months. What's dismaying is the casual approach of the police and other departments concerned while handling cases of crime against women,\" said the convener of the National Alliance for Women's Organisations, Pramila Swain.They also submitted a memorandum to the chief minister and demanded that the police be told to register FIRs without any pressure. Their other demands included activation of \"mahila\" and \"shishu\" desks with necessary infrastructure; training about gender issues to all police officers at the time of induction and also during their career on a regular basis.They said the departments concerned should come together while dealing with cases of violence against women. Besides, bodies like the State Commission for Women should be apolitical both in letter and spirit, they felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16090194", "title": "Asha Bhosle faces Raj Thackeray music for show with Pakistani singers", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Friday slammed veteran singer Asha Bhosle for participating in a television music show in which eight vocalists from Pakistan will lock horns with eight Indian singers.Thackeray ridiculed Bhosle's remark, which she made at a press conference on Thursday to defend her participation in the show; Bhosle said Pakistani vocalists should be welcomed in the time-honoured Indian tradition of ' Atithee Devo Bhava (Guests are Gods)'.\"Is this ' Atithee Devo Bhava ' or ' Paisa Devo Bhava '?'' Raj asked, referring to the fee Bhosle has reportedly charged for the show. Thackeray was addressing senior MNS functionaries at Ravindra Natya Mandir. Reminding Bhosle of her family's famed loyalty to freedom fighter Veer Savarkar, Thackeray said, \"Would Veer Savarkar have endorsed Bhosle's decision to collaborate with Pakistani singers?''Not many from the film fraternity came to Bhosle's rescue, although several privately expressed their satisfaction that the singer had stood up to MNS. Noted filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, though, congratulated her for taking a firm stand against political interference in the world of art and cinema. \"Remaining silent on the entire issue out of fear will ultimately prove detrimental to the film industry... We must all stand up for peace and rally behind Bhosle, who is our national icon. We must support people-to-people contact with Pakistan.''Pakistani actor Veena Malik said, \"Such cultural exchanges between India and Pakistan should be welcomed.''MNS supporters also warned actor Madhuri Dixit- Nene against collaborating with Pakistani singers. The MNS reaction came following promos of integration of the show 'Sur-Kshetra' with dance show 'Jhalak Dikhla Jaa' in which Dixit-Nene is a judge. Her manager, though, denied receiving any call from MNS.Meanwhile, justifying the MNS Chitrapat Karmachari Sena (the film wing)'s stir against the music show, Thackeray said, \"Stop promoting artistes from Pakistan. It's time to nourish and promote Indian singers... Pakistan is out to destabilize India. Innocent Indians have been dying in serial bomb blasts. We don't need singers from Pakistan. We have very good singers here.''Paying a left-handed compliment to Bhosle, the MNS chief said, \"We hold Latadidi and Ashatai in high esteem. You will never find priceless gems such as these two singers elsewhere in the world. However, Ashatai should not have lent support to 'Sur-Kshetra'.''\"If such programmes are repeated, we will take serious action. The MNS will not be responsible for the consequences,'' Thackeray said. MNS workers targeted posters of the show in Dombivli on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16131030", "title": "Security guard caught with illegal firearm", "text": "MUMBAI: The Deonar police on Thursday arrested a 45-year-old man for allegedly not registering his .12 bore rifle with the city police that he claimed to have registered in Bihar. He claimed that he has got the rifle registered at his native police.Pandit Yadav was caught from his Deonar-residence during a drive that was carried out by the police to track down whether the security agencies and its employees follow the rules of registering the security agencies with the local police about its employees and the firm antecedents.The rule was made mandatory after 25-year-old lawyer Pallavi Purkayastha was reportedly killed by the building watchman at Bhakti Park in Wadala on August 10. \"During the drive we got details of those people who are employed in security agencies in the city and are residing in Deonar. During the raid at Yadav's house we found the bore rifle. He claimed to have got Bihar-licence for the firearm. But he did not register the firearm in Mumbai,\" said Deonar police senior inspector Prahlad Panaskar.Panaskar said that Yadav was booked under the Arms Act for keeping the firearms illegally without seeking permission and licence from the city police. He has been employed with a Thane-based security agency. Further investigations are on to know whether Yadav has submitted proper antecedents about him with the security agency where he is employed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094946", "title": "Slides, 15-minute film on show in schools, colleges", "text": "PUNE: A slide show and a short film to generate awareness about bomb blasts and the precautions to be taken have been prepared by the Pune police. Both are being shown in schools, colleges and cinema halls, joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal told the TOI.The effort is to sensitizing citizens, especially students from schools and colleges, against the backdrop of the serial bomb blasts on Jangli Maharaj road on August 1.The film is for 15 minutes, while the slide show is for 11 minutes. \"We have also put up hoardings at important junctions in the city,\" Singhal said.The Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) is making the rounds of schools and colleges in the city to show the film and exhibit the slide show. \"We have visited 20 schools in the city,\" said BDDS inspector Madhav Shinde.They had written to all the schools and colleges in the city about the film and the slide show. \"We have asked them to spare time for this important issue,\" he said.Shinde said all the police stations in the Pune police commissionerate have been asked to approach the schools in their jurisdiction and inform them about the awareness programme.Compact discs of the slide show and film have been provided to some schools. \"We expect them to screen both for their students,\" Shinde said.The squad has also conducted six mock drills in various parts of the city after August 1. \"The drills will be done regularly,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "16109778", "title": "BVM wins skipping, kick boxing", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: BVM students proved their excellence in rope skipping and kick boxing by winning the U-19 boys category in an inter-school district championship organized by district education department held at BVM, Kitchlu Nagar, on Friday. BVM principal Santosh Mehra gave away the medals to winners.Result: Rope Skipping U-19 Boys 30s double endurance team event Ist- BVM, Kitchlu Nagar, IInd- DAV, Jagraon Simple jumping one minute Ist- Gaurav, Ryan International School, IInd- Manveer, BVM 30 Second double endurance singles Ist-Virat, Shifaly International School, IInd- Arvind, BVMResult: Kick boxing Below 44kg Ist- Lakshit, BVM IInd- Harpreet, BBS Below 48kg Ist- Vidhu Anand, BVM IInd- Pranav, BVM, Below 75kg Ist- Navdeep Singh, Convent School, Jagraon IInd- Kashish Garg, DAV School, Jagraon", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16119644", "title": "Hrithik was an assistant director for SRK\u2019s films", "text": "Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan played quite a few cameos as a child artiste in Hindi films. He also played a minor role in Aap Ke Deewane (1980) and Bhagwan Dada (1986) starring his father Rakesh Roshan.Hrithik later went on to become assistant director and worked under his father Rakesh Roshan for films like Karan Arjun (1995) and Koyla (1997), both films starring Shahrukh Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16095014", "title": "Vocal Santosh Bagrodia goes mum, says PM was overall incharge of coal ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia, who was so vocal as an MP and minister in Parliament and would often defend the government, has chosen to keep mum on coalgate. The silence is all the more jarring as he, being the minister of state during the period when a large number of coal blocks were allocated, could have helped the government and Congress colleagues fend off the opposition fury over coalgate.At a time when the government has marshalled all its resources to counter BJP's offensive, Bagrodia has refrained from making any comment. When contacted, the former minister said he had nothing to say on the coal allocations made during his tenure as an MoS under Prime Minister Manmohan Singh -- a far cry from the elaborate argument he would usually put up in TV studios or on the floor of Parliament.However, when pressed, he said there were no allegations against him, and that it was the prime minister who held overall charge of the ministry. \"He was the Union minister for coal. And, besides, there are no allegations being made against me,\" the former minister said.\"I am not authorised to comment on this matter. There are many Union ministers and senior Congress leaders who have been lined up by the government and the party to defend the prime minister. I do not have the authority to speak on the subject,\" Bagrodia said when asked why he had not made any statement on the allegations levelled in the CAG report on coal blocks allocated during his tenure.\"Why don't you direct your queries to the ministers and leaders authorised to speak on the CAG report? I am a loyal party worker and will not speak out of turn when such an impressive defence is countering the allegations made in the CAG report,\" he added.With the opposition attack focused on the prime minister, the two ministers of state who were in charge of the coal department at the time of coal block allocations - Bagrodia and Dasari Narayan Rao - have escaped the political row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16109598", "title": "GNPS skaters emerge champion", "text": "LUDHIANA: Skaters from 26 city schools participated in a two-day district skating championship that conducted at Leisure Valley, Sarabha Nagar, on Friday. The championship was organized under supervision of Ludhiana AEO Ajit Pal Singh. The events organized at the tourney included in-line 300m, in-line 500m, in-line 1000m, in-line road race, quads 300, quads 500 and quads road race for both girls and boys in categories ranging between U-11 and U-19. Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar emerged champion while Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha Nagar, was runner up. The winners in various categories were:In-line 300m U11 Boys: Irwin, BCM school, Sarabha Nagar Girls: Muskan Mahal, Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar U14 Boys: Sahibjot, DAV school, BRS Nagar Girls: Jaapkaur Gurunanak Public school, Sarabha nagar U17 Boys: Yovan Bagga, KVM, Civil lines Girls: Prasha Seth, Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha NagarIn-line 500m U11 Boys: Irwin, BCM school, Sarabha Nagar Girls: Muskan Mahal, Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar U14 Boys: Tejveer, Gujranwala Gurunanak school Girls: Jaapkaur Gurunanak Public school, Sarabha nagar U17 Boys: Harshvir Singh, DAV, BRS Nagar Girls: Komal, Sacred heart, Sahnewal In-line 1000m U11 Boys: Irwin, BCM school, Sarabha Nagar Girls: Muskan Mahal, Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha Nagar U14 Boys: Tejveer, Gujranwala Gurunanak school Girls: Varleen, BCM, Sarabha Nagar U17 Boys: Harshvir Singh, DAV, BRS Nagar Girls: Prasha Seth, Sacred Heart convent school, Sarabha nagarIn-line road race U14 Boys: Ayaan, BCM school, Srabha nagar Girls: Jaapkaur Gurunanak Public school, Sarabha nagar U17 Boys: Harshvir Singh, DAV, BRS Nagar Girls: Komal, Sacred heart, Sahnewal U19 Boys: Surya, KVM Girls: Saveleen, GNIPSQuads 300 U11 Boys: Paras, BCM, Sarabha Nagar Girls: Amreen, Sacred Heart Convent U14 Boys: Utkarsh, GNPS Girls: Saruchi, BRS Nagar U17 Boys: Harmandeep, GNPS Girls: Harpreet, GNPS U19 Boys: Bhawneet, GNPS Girls: Bavleen, GNPS Quads 500 U11 Boys: Chashmeet, Sacred heart convent Girls: Amreen, Sacred Heart convent U14 Boys: Utkarsh, GNPS Girls: Armandeep, GNPS U17 Boys: Ranbeer, GNPS Girls: Jasleen, GNPS U19 Boys: Japsimran, Sacred Heart convent Girls: Bavleen, GNPSQuads Road U11 Boys: Chashmeet, Sacred heart convent Girls: Mehreen, GNPS U14 Boys: Jugadhbir, GNPS Girls: Saruchi, BCM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16102642", "title": "Now, Mangalore University plans to set up a science center to boost research", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University is planning to set up a science centre exclusively for students and research scholars attached to its various science departments.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that the centre would be set up under the Promotion of University Research and Scientific Excellence (PURSE) scheme of the department of science and technology, government of India. Under the scheme the varsity will get Rs 9 crore, of which the varsity has received Rs 3 crore.The vice-chancellor added that Rs 3 crore would be spent on buying eight highly sophisticated equipments for the centre. \"These equipments will help students conduct various researches and we will spend 10% of the grants for giving boost to research works undertaken by the university,\" he said.At present, there are 385 research scholars in the varsity and we will give Rs 8,000 as stipend per month for selected 28 research scholars. \"The science center will be set up in the renovated old Kannada department block,\" he added.The varsity is also planning to distribute 145 laptops among teaching staff on the occasion of its 33rd foundation day of MU on September 10. \"This is aimed at easing various works related academics,\" he said. The cost of each laptop is Rs 46,000. Nitte University vice-chancellor S Ramananda Shetty will be the chief guest at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16123405", "title": "AGP seeks PM's intervention for restoration of peace in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The opposition AGP on Friday sought the Prime Minister's intervention for restoration of peace in the state.Taking out a procession from its headquarters, the Asom Gana Parishad submitted a memorandum to the Prime Minister through the Kamrup (Metro) district deputy commissioner here.The memorandum signed by its president and former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta \"blamed the Assam government of failing\" to solve the present situation in the state, including the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts (BTAD).The AGP alleged that the state government had no plan and strategy to counter the recent violence in the state known for unity in diversity.\"People of various caste, creed and religion stay here in Assam and our state has never witnessed such a kind of communal violence and hatred before. Therefore, we urge you to kindly intervene into the matter and take necessary action so that normalcy comes back into the state\", the memo said.Referring to the Assam Accord, it said that after 27 years of it being signed on August 15, 1985, the agreement had not yet been implemented causing the indigenous people to fear for their identity.The party demanded that immediate steps be taken for detection and deportation of illegal foreigners in accordance with the Assam Accord within a specific time frame to make the state free from illegal foreigners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16088700", "title": "Setback to Nagpur Municipal Corporation as two top officials transferred", "text": "NAGPUR: In what can be termed as a major setback for the functioning of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), its two top officials have been transferred even as some other posts remain vacant.Sources told TOI that the two additional deputy municipal commissioners, Ravindra Kumbhare and Sanjay Nipane have been transferred to Bhandara. The state government has passed the orders even before naming their successors.Kumbhare, who was looking after NMC's revenue and some other very crucial departments, has been transferred as deputy collector (land acquisition). Nipane has been moved as the chief officer of Bhandara municipal council.Kumbhare was the key person behind NMC's drive against unauthorized constructions and encroachments. He brought more money into NMC's coffers through octroi and property tax by chalking out new plans. The NMC got permission to ply Starbuses from Mor Bhavan only due to Nipane's efforts.The government is yet to appoint a full-time additional municipal commissioner and two deputy municipal commissioners. With municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane too new to the NMC, corporation work might take a hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16101429", "title": "Karnataka terror case: Sleuths look for clues in Hubli, find none", "text": "BANGALORE: The Crime Branch team on Friday continued investigations in Hubli, conducting inquiries and searches but failed to gather any vital clues in the foiled terror plot to target prominent politicians and mediapersons. The operation will continue on Saturday.\"There has been no arrest or detention so far. We are probing all angles and collecting more information and evidence,'' Bendigere police inspector Ravindra Shirur, who was part of the inquiry team, said.Police teams visited the houses of the suspects to gather more information from their family members, relatives, friends and neighbours. On Friday morning, police first swooped down at the house of Mehaboob Bagalkot in Mehaboobnagar, while another team visited the house of Wahid Hussain Kankennavar in Aroodhnagar.Sources said police sought to know the background of the suspects, details of their friends and family members. Though they also conducted searches, they did not find anything.The families of the suspects pleaded with police to release their sons, claiming they were innocent and had nothing to do with terror.Questioning the 11 arrested suspects had elicited information that their module had a larger network across Karnataka and in other parts of the country, with Hubli being the epicentre.The suspects, who were remanded to 14-day police custody after being produced at the residence of a local magistrate in Bangalore, had given some explosive information on the terror network and sleeper modules that operated in Hubli and other places in North Karnataka. They had also revealed names of some more persons and plans to trigger law and order problems, sources added.On the basis of information given by them, some more persons could be arrested in a couple of days, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094879", "title": "Pothole nightmare on roads leading to 20-day-old flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely 20 days of moderate rainfall and traffic seem enough to leave roads leading to one of the most hyped flyovers in the city pockmarked with potholes.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan inaugurated the Kurla-Kalina flyover on L B S Marg on August 10. Within days, huge craters emerged on the approach road at the Kurla end of the bridge. Smaller potholes appeared at the other end as well.Jitendra Gupta, a citizen-member of the transport committee and a Kurla resident, said he was shocked to see potholes emerging on either side of the flyover. Water had accumulated in the craters and cracks had started appearing in the concrete and paver-block patches. \"The flyover is part of the Santa Cruz-Chembur Link Road (SCLR) project. The authorities should have paid more attention to the approach roads,\" he said.Earlier, potholes had emerged on the new Lalbaug flyover on Dr Ambedkar Road and the Burfiwala flyover in Andheri just days after being thrown open to traffic.The 560-m-long flyover was built to prevent traffic jams on L B S Marg. It can save commuters 15 minutes during peak hours (See box). The project was also delayed by over three years. \"The flyover, which was completed after a long delay, was built at a cost of several crores. However, paver blocks at the take-off point have come off just days after the flyover's inauguration. This is shameful and a mockery of the infrastructure needs of the city, where traffic congestion has choked every arterial road,\" said Amit Kolarkar, a commuter.At present, over 50,000 vehicles use the stretch during the peak hours. The Kurla station is also nearby, which adds to the traffic. The flyover was built to particularly benefit commuters from places such as Thane, Mulund, Bhandup and GhatkopaR.Once work on some key bridges over Central Railway's Main and Harbour lines are completed, the Kurla-Kalina flyover will allow easy access to both the Eastern Express and Western Express highways.The World Bank had funded the SCLR but later withdrew its financial backing due to inordinate delay in construction.A senior Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation engineer blamed leaks in the underground pipelines for the potholes and said the problem could be sorted out only after the monsoon, when the final carpeting would be done.Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said work was still under way on the stretch and would be completed soon.R M Desai, project in-charge of Patel Engineering (the contractor), too, attributed the craters to ruptures in the pipelines. All of them said there were no craters or cracks on the flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16095280", "title": "Woman traumatized by lewd SMSs hangs self", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 23-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging at her house in Kattoor on Wednesday after two people harassed her and her husband, G Sathish Kumar, by repeatedly sending abusive SMSs.According to Thudiyalur all women police, Divya Bharathi (23), a native of Gudiyatham in Vellore district, had got her degree in engineering from Kavery Engineering College in Salem. She married Sathish Kumar (25) of Kattoor, Kalapatti, in Coimbatore, three months ago. Kumar owns a furniture shop and was also into money lending.According to police, Bharathi was receiving lurid phone messages from her college mate, Balamurugan, and Prem Kumar, a friend of Divya's brother. The two men had sent repeated messages casting aspersions on the character of the woman. The duo sent one such message to her husband as well. Divya first informed her mother N Nageswari (51). Later, the duo started sending abusive messages to Kumar as well, forcing a traumatized Divya to take the extreme step on August 29.On Thursday, Nageswari lodged a complaint with Thudiyalur all women police station and police registered a case under section 174 of CrPC. The police found a suicide note at Diyva's residence and are on the lookout for Balamurugan and Premkumar.\"We are conducting a detailed probe. If the duo is found to have provoked the suicide, we would take stringent action,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.Police can book the duo under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC, Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Woman Harassment Act (TPWHA) and under section 66 of Information Technology Act, if their involvement is proven. If convicted, they could get imprisonment for 10 years and fine under section 306 of IPC and TPWHA.Uma said if anyone from Coimbatore rural area received lewd text messages from known or unknown persons, they could immediately approach the local police station or contact the special branch at 0422 - 2220077.City police commissioner A K Viswanathan said if any person in the city gets anonymous messages or phone calls, they can alert the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16102433", "title": "Loot cases rampant in state capital", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified armed assailants looted two persons in separate incidents in the Bhopal on Thursday.In the first incident, S K Kapoor, a resident of Patel Nagar, was heading home in a car when two bike-borne persons intercepted him on the Raisen road on Thursday night. Assuming the youths to be students or help seekers, Kapoor stopped his car. However, the duo took away his gold chain and Rs 2,500 at knifepoint. The victim approached Piplani police and got a case registered.In the second incident, a scrap dealer in a locality under the limits of Nishatpura police station was waylaid by two bike-borne youths on Thursday morning. Police said Moinuddin, a resident of Surya Nagar, was robbed of Rs 1,200 on the bypass road at knifepoint. However, the bike on which the two accused were fleeing slipped. The onlookers caught hold of them and handed them over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16088820", "title": "Cabinet raps CM over power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state cabinet, which met after a two-month gap on Friday, witnessed a heated debate on the government's failure to reassure the public as to its ability to supply sufficient power to the citizens and the farming and industrial sectors. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy who chaired the four-hour long meeting found himself at the receiving end for allowing the system to go awry.Endowments minister C Ramachandraiah warned that \"if the government could not give power to the people, they would take away power from us\". Health minister DL Ravindra Reddy, transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana and panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy, too, expressed concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16097343", "title": "People\u2019s Movement Against Nuclear Energy to appeal in apex court", "text": "MADURAI: People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) had decided to appeal in the Supreme Court against the Madras high court verdict giving the go ahead for the Kudankulam nuclear plant. PMANE coordinator S P Udayakumar, expressing disappointment over the verdict said that the high court judgment will be challenged in the apex court. \"We will continue our fight for justice,\" he said.Villagers of Idinthakarai village wore a dejected look as the information about the judgment by a bench comprising Justices P Jyothimani and M Duraiswamy dismissing the batch of petitions against Kudankulam nuclear plant reached them. The villagers have been protesting against the nuclear plant for more than a year. Besides rallies and slogan shouting, the villagers were on a relay fast for the past several months.\"We had placed all our hope on the high court. Now, the only recourse for us is the Supreme Court. We will approach the Supreme Court,\" said Udayakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16124840", "title": "ISPs block websites, SC refuses to hear plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today refused to hear a plea challenging the decision of the Centre and the Internet Service Provider (ISP) to block some websites to prevent piracy of commercial content.A bench of justices KS Radhakrishnan and Deepak Mishra refused to entertain the petition and asked the petitioner Jiten Kumar Jain to approach the Delhi High court.Jain in his plea had alleged that the decision to block the sites was \"arbitrary and unjustified\"\"Under the guise of preventing piracy of commercial content, the Government of India and the private Internet Service Providers ( ISPs) have taken to regularly pre-censoring websites and blocking access to them, without any orders either under Section 69A of the IT Act or under the IT Rules.\"Those blocked sites include political and commercial rivals and critics, resulting in a serious breach of Articles 19 &amp; 21 of the Constitution, and constituting an attack on the democratic fibre of the nation,\" the petitioner said.\"Even where any infringing or offensive material is carried, instead of isolating and blocking the URL of that material, the respondents have blocked the entire parent domain, thereby inconveniencing millions of internet users across the country,\" the petition said.The bench, however, told Jain to raise these issue before the high court. The petitioner thereafter withdrew his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16116452", "title": "I&B; ministry makes censors back off in fight with filmdom", "text": "The film industry, which has been battling to overturn a censor board decision to not re-certify A-rated films for television, can heave a sigh of relief, at least for now.TOI has reliably learnt that the Information &amp; Broadcasting Ministry has stepped in to resolve the deadlock by asking censors to continue pruning films for the small screen until suitable amendments are made in the Cable Television Act.Once these changes are in place, however, the censors may get their wish that a majority of the re-certified movies can be shown on TV only after 11 pm. The censors contend that some of these films, no matter how extensive the cuts, deal with themes that are unsuitable for younger audiences.This interim solution brokered by the government will save the film industry tens of crores of rupees per film from satellite rights, which has emerged as one of the major revenue-earners in this era of cable television.TOI had reported on August 25 that the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) had decided to stop recertifying A-rated films, thereby making them ineligible for telecast on TV. It led to a huge furore as movies on the waitlist for CBFC clearance included several big-ticket projects such as Delhi Belly, Gangs of Wasseypur (parts 1 and 2) and Hate Story. The satellite rights of many of these films had already been sold to broadcasters. Some top producers even pointed out that the decision would deeply impact the economics of the industry because a film now earns about 40 per cent of its total profits from satellite rights alone.The move to re-modify films again was, expectedly, hailed by some of the industry's top names. \"The I &amp; B Ministry's decision is a hundred percent correct,\" said producer Pahlaj Nihalani. \"The censor board should not have taken such a hard stand.\"Producer Ramesh Taurani explained the solution as practical. \"Samjhauta hua hai, \" he said. \"If you carefully see most films, it is one small expletive here or a kiss there which comes under the scanner. Why should every producer suffer for only a few films which are replete with adult content?\"Abhinay Deo, the director of Delhi Belly, took a conciliatory line as well. \"I don't completely blame the government or the censors as TV is a sensitive medium. At the same time, it doesn't make sense to take an extreme step and say that nothing can be shown. The need of the hour is a body that includes the government, the film industry, and the audience. It should not be a blame game. What is adult and what is not should be decided with sensibility.\"Pankaja Thakur, the CEO of CBFC, could not be reached for comments. The controversy had started last month when objections were raised with the manner in which The Dirty Picture had been modified for TV, with a case filed against its telecast.The CBFC had, in order to avoid such a conflict, told the film producers that all modified A-rated films should only be shown only after 11 pm. This suggestion was accepted for The Dirty Picture, but the producers of Jannat 2 , fearing a loss of revenue in satellite rights, had challenged the CBFC's guideline in the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT).The FCAT had ruled in the production house's favour and told CBFC that it could not decide the slotting of films on TV. The CBFC had then pointed out that since the modification of A-rated films was a facility it was extending to the film industry, asking for time-slots in return was not unreasonable. It had decided to stop re-certification altogether until amendments were made in the Cinematograph Act telling them to do so.A list of recent movies which have been modified for TV includes some of the most talked-about movies in recent months, including S ahib Bibi Aur Gangster, Shor in the City, Ishqiya, Desi Boyz, Love Sex Dhoka, and Ragini MMS.(With inputs by Mehul S Thakkar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16099770", "title": "Civic body fails to deliver on Self Government Day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The renovated Bindusagar Lake here could not be thrown open to the public on Friday with chief minister Naveen Patnaik not being available for the inauguration. In another blooper of sorts, the civic body also failed to make the proposed zonal offices operational on Friday. Both the projects were earmarked for the local self-government day.The inauguration of new decentralized offices of BMC was mooted in April last year. The corporation recently identified five zones - Chandrasekharpur, Unit-VIII area, Rental Colony, Jharpada and Bhimtangi - where the offices were to be opened. \"We shifted the date of inauguration due to some technical problem. Temporary places have been identified for functioning of the offices for the time being,\" BMC deputy commissioner Krushna Chandra Pati told TOI. \"We will soon make it operational as the existing municipal area needs to be split into zones in view of the ever expanding city area,\" he added.Presence of zonal offices would help people living on city outskirts avail civic services. They need not come to the central office every time they need some service.According to the plan, each zonal office would be headed by an assistant municipal commissioner. But initially, the corporation has decided to engage an assistant engineer to head the proposed zonal office. BMC has chalked out a detailed plan to roll out engineering works in the first phase.Last month, a BMC engineer was sent to Mysore to learn the functioning of zonal offices under Mysore Municipal Corporation. A few other corporators also went to Vishakhapatnam for the same purpose.At present, 46 revenue villages with a population of nearly eight lakh come under the jurisdiction of BMC, sources said. The BMC area expansion was last made in 2007.On the other hand, the Bindusagar Lake project was taken up under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. The Centre had sanctioned Rs 72 lakh for the makeover of the historic water body, 1,333-foot-long and 574-foot-wide. \"Water has been purified, pathways have been made and saplings planted to attract tourists,\" a BMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16107617", "title": "Sweepers deployed to clean Manimajra", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sanitation committee on Friday decided to deploy extra sweepers in Manimajra to clean the area, often neglected due to shortage of cleaning staff. Besides, 200 garbage bins will also be purchased to lift garbage from different areas of the city. Significantly, the members of the sanitation committee have also asked the officers to check the working of MC's sweeping machines, which were purchased by spending crores. The members of the committee also raised the issue of cleanliness of the storm drainage pipelines as in many areas these are chocked and seldom cleaned by sweepers. The members also passed agenda items regarding the purchase of material for sweeping purpose and procurement of 16,000 bags of slacked lime by adopting the tender process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16116684", "title": "Big B-Jaya's film to be released on their anniversary", "text": "M r and Mrs Big B will complete forty years of marriage on  June 3, 2013. And to celebrate it, two filmmakers have decided to release their ventures starring Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan to coincide with the occasion.On one hand, the release date of the Hindi version of Big B's makeup artist Deepak Sawant's Bhojpuri film Ganga Devi will be pushed to next year. On the other, Shoojit Sircar has decided to start shooting Garden House and release it alongside Sawant's.To TOI, Sawant said, \"I've been with Bachchansaab for the last forty years. To me he and Jayaji are like Ram and Sita. I am their Hanuman. The Hindi version of Ganga Devi is completely ready. All the dubbing by Bachchan Saab and Jayaji and all other artistes is done. But we're going to release the Hindi version next year close to their 40th wedding anniversary.\"Interestingly Sawant is releasing the Bhojpuri version of his film next month on September 14. Shoojit's film Garden House, is one of the three projects that the Big B has given his nod to after his surgery. The other two are with R. Balki and Sujoy Ghosh.To TOI, Big B said, \"Shoojit came up with an interesting concept for the two of us (Big B and Jaya). So why not? As for Deepak Sawant, he has been with me from the beginning of my career. Neither Jaya nor I can say no to him.\"As for the 40th wedding anniversary, besides the two back-to-back Amitabh-Jaya releases, R. Balki is planning a documentary tribute to one of the most memorable screen pairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16098592", "title": "Provide monthly pension to HIV patients: Deputy commissioner", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to provide financial security to the large number of HIV/Aids patients, DC Manish Ranjan directed the social welfare officer here to provide them pension every month by bringing them under state social security pension scheme.The pension amount would be given to the dependants of the HIV/ AIDS patients and those who are financially weak.After the revision of BPL beneficiaries list in Hazaraibag, there was a huge scope to include those who are financially weak and suffering from HIV/AIDS in the list.Although the number of exact beneficiaries of HIV/AIDS under the scheme is not known the DC said large number of patients suffering from above disease would be benefitted.There are more than 5000 HIV/AIDS patients in Hazaribag particularly in Bishnugarh, Barkatha, Barhi and Chouparan Blocks and these patients are being treated at the ART Centre here on the Hazaribag Sadar Hospital campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16123726", "title": "Maharashtra govt to seek views on making premarital HIV test mandatory", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government will seek opinion from NGOs, UNICEF and different sections of the society on the issue of making HIV test mandatory before marriage, officials said on Friday.A meeting in this regard was held by the state Women and Child Welfare Department in view of the growing number of HIV cases in the state.A few years ago, the proposal of pre-marriage mandatory HIV test was floated, but did not gain ground.Officials in the department said the Centre had returned the proposal of Goa government to amend the Hindu Marriage Act and make HIV test mandatory before marriage.\"It was also decided that if there were hurdles in the enactment of such a legislation, steps will be taken to create awareness among the youth to go for HIV tests on their own,\" officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16123194", "title": "People know what I am capable of now: Sudeep", "text": "Post the success of 'Eega', Kannada star Sudeep has become a household name in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. There have already been rumours of him being associated with big projects and, as expected, he has also been receiving offers. Sudeep, though, confirms that the next project he begins work on is 'Chakravyuha', a trilingual film, the formal announcement of which will be made tomorrow, on his birthday.\"We are currently wrapping up scripting for this film. It will be made in Kannada, Tamil and Telugu, and N Kumar will produce the film. We are also working on the composition of the technical team,\" says Sudeep.While this is the only new film that he will be announcing in the immediate future, the actor is happy that Eega has given him newer outlets. \"It's a good feeling that people want to work with me. There have been many offers that have come my way, from both Telugu and Tamil filmmakers,\" says Sudeep.Quiz him on the buzz of his name being associated with Gautham Menon , and he says, \"I've known Gautham from the time he made Kaakha Kaakha . We met at an awards ceremony and have been in touch since. He is a well-known filmmaker and won't approach me for just any role. People have seen my performance and know what I'm capable of now. It'll take time for them to figure out what to offer me.\"Another reason Sudeep attributes to his fan following after Eega is that his character in the film was also named Sudeep. \"The fact that my character was also called Sudeep brought in a sense of familiarity. In fact, in Sparsha (his first role as a lead actor in Kannada), director Sunil Kumar Desai also named my character Sudeep,\" says the actor.Sudeep credits his popularity after Eega to SS Rajamouli. \"It was thanks to his vision that I was cast as the antagonist. And his portrayal of my character was such that I wasn't really just another villain. People could relate to me. Today, when I'm in Andhra Pradesh or Tamil Nadu, I'm known as Kiccha, just like I am in Karnataka,\" says the actor. Sudeep, who is currently acting in Bachchan, which is directed by Shashank, says he won't sign scripts simply because they are coming his way. \"I'm waiting for a script that excites me. After Bachchan , I have Chakravyuha and a film with Chandru,\" he says.As for his special day, \"It will be dedicated to my fans. Like every year, I'll be at home and will be meeting all those who come home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095949", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader lodges FIR against fake party worker", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party city president on Friday lodged an FIR at Kaiserbagh police station against a woman allegedly claiming to be the member of the executive committee of SP after it was established that the woman was not even remotely associated with the party.city president of SP Mujeebur Rehman alias Babloo in his complaint stated that he had been receiving reports that Deepa Bhatt of Jankipuram in Lucknow has been approaching the administrative authorities for favours posing as a member of the SP's national executive. After verification from the party office bearers, it has been established that the said woman is not even a member of the SP. A photocopy of the woman's letter head was attached with the complaint which states that Bhatt is a member of the national executive of SP. The letter head has her official address as that of the Samajwadi Party office in New Delhi. It however does not have any mention of her Lucknow address.Allegations are that the woman in question has been approaching the district authorities recommending odd jobs and clearances of people right from lodging of FIRs to issuance of caste and domicile certificates and no objection certificates apart from recommendations for issue of arms licenses and release of payments in favour of a particular contractor who had completed the contracts with the Lucknow Municipal Corporation, Lucknow Development Authority and similar agencies.A case has been lodged under section 419 (cheating by impersonation) and 468 (forgery for cheating) of the Indian Penal Code. Police said efforts are on to trace the woman and verify her claims before initiating appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16101756", "title": "Three teachers to get Saraswati Samman", "text": "LUCKNOW: A committee, constituted for state level teachers award scheme, at its meeting held recently has announced the names of teachers selected for Saraswati Samman and Shikshak Sri Samman. According to an official release, the teachers selected for Saraswati Samman include Prof Shabbir Ahmad, professor department of Arabic, Lucknow University, Prof Brijesh Shukla, professor in department of Sanskrit, Lucknow University and Arun Kumar Saxena, reader, department of zoology, Rajkiya Raza PG College, Rampur.The teachers to be honoured with Shikshak Sri Samman include Umesh Chandra, senior professor in department of education, Lucknow University, Prof Ram Lakhan Singh, professor, department of biochemistry, Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad, Ahmad Saghir Imam, professor, department of social work, Mahatma Gandhi , Kashi Vidyapeeth, Varanasi, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16089292", "title": "'Society as a whole must fight stigma of leprosy'", "text": "NAGPUR: The fight against stigma associated with leprosy needs to be taken up by the whole society. This was the consensus among experts during the State Level Workshop on Reduction of Stigma in Leprosy on Friday. The day long workshop was organised by Alert-India, Mumbai, in collaboration with Joint Director of Health Services (Leprosy and TB), government of Maharashtra, and was supported by World Health Organisation (WHO) India, New Delhi.Saying that the main reason for attachment of stigma to this disease were the many misconceptions about it, Dr VV Dongre, senior consultant, Alert-India, added, \"It is very significant that this workshop is being conducted in Nagpur as the first ever person to work for leprosy patients Manoharji Diwan hailed from here.\"Dongre further said that superstitions like the disease was caused due to sins of one's past life and it being the wrath of God caused the stigma. Deformities caused due to late detection of the disease were the other reason, he added.Stressing upon the language used in context of leprosy patients, SG Deogaonkar, social scientist, said that words like 'maharog' and 'leper' must not be used as they played their part in discrimination of patients. \"Most importantly, people from different walks of life should come together and fight the injustice meted out to leprosy patients,\" he said.A resolution passed by United Nations Human Rights Commission and WHO guidelines form two basic weapons to fight for the rights of leprosy patients, said Edlin Jash, national consultant, social sciences (leprosy and VBD), WHO Country Office, New Delhi. She too said it was the responsibility of the whole society to help the patients lead a dignified and normal life.Even as Saurabh Jain, national consultant, National Leprosy Eradication Programme (NLEP), said that leprosy needed to be fought not only on the medical front but also social front, Dr Vikas Amte, noted social worker, said, \"It is the failure of the system that even in 2012 I am talking about rights of leprosy patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "tampa (florida)", "code": "16103997", "title": "Businessman Mitt Romney sells self as creator of jobs", "text": "TAMPA (FLORIDA): Republican candidate Mitt Romney presented himself to Americans on Thursday night as a business leader whose market acumen could rescue them from economic hardship caused by President Barack Obama's disappointing leadership, rather than merely promising them what he said were grandiose planet saving vision offered by the incumbent.In a late-night acceptance speech watched by millions on TV and cheered enthusiastically by party faithful at the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida , Romney pared down his campaign message to this: \"President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. My promise is to help you and your family\".A roadmap of how he would do this remained largely fuzzy, but Romney pressed his credentials as a successful businessman to promise he would galvanize the economy and create millions more jobs by reversing Obama's policies involving, in Republican eyes, greater government intervention and regulations.\"Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving,\" Romney said, outlining the fundamental difference between his party and Obama's. \"It's the genius of the American free enterprise system \u2014 to harness the extraordinary creativity and talent and industry of the American people with a system that is dedicated to creating tomorrow's prosperity rather than trying to redistribute today's.\"The Obama camp ripped into the speech, saying it, \"offered many personal attacks and gauzy platitudes, but no tangible ideas to move the country forward\".For the foreign media, and the many ambassadors who came to Tampa to get a sense of the direction a Romney administration could take, the speech offered disquieting pointers to a potentially confrontational future. Romney made no mention of Afghanistan, Pakistan, or Iraq , but in a throwback to Cold War dynamics, he talked tough on Russia (Putin, he said, will see a little less flexibility and more backbone).There was a grudging mention of Obama's success in taking out Osama bin Laden , \"but on another front, every American is less secure today because he has failed to slow Iran's nuclear threat\", and he \"has thrown allies like Israel under the bus, even as he has relaxed sanctions on Castro's Cuba \".Nothing in his address indicated that his coming to White House will make any great difference to the already deep and sustained engagement between New Delhi and Washington.The acceptance speech brought the curtain down on the four-day Republican jamboree that sought to present a united front -- Romney challengers such as Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum rallied behind him at the convention - and an alternate vision to four years of Democratic rule. Most political pundits were of the opinion that they had not succeeded in capitalizing on a simmering anti-incumbency mood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16103741", "title": "Shillong could be a 'summer retreat' for Thai visitors", "text": "SHILLONG: The picturesque capital of Meghalaya is not only one of the most sought after summer resorts in the country, the 'Scotland of East' is gradually spreading its charm across South East Asia.Already a favourite destination for tourists from neighbouring Bangladesh, Shillong could well emerge as an \"important summer destination\" for the Thais too.The fact is Thailand has \"no hilly place worth the name\" and Pine City could be just the \"right kind of hill resort\" for the South Asian country, says a tour operator, who is into \"international tourism business\".\"If a hassle-free passage is ensured coupled with a little effort from the tour operators, Meghalaya can become a summer retreat for Thai tourists,\" an official in the state tourism department says.In fact, a few years ago, on their maiden visit to Meghalaya, a team of Thai delegates was on the lookout for trade opportunities and viability of investment in the tourism sector here. The team had pointed out that there was a \"vast scope\" for development of \"two way\" tourism. \"Our people can come here and your people can visit Thailand,\" one of the team members said.Steps should be taken for promoting Northeast as an ideal tourist destination for its scenic beauty and rich wild life, a member of the trade delegation said. \"Tourism is the best way of bridging the differences between different countries.\"The Meghalaya government too had assured the Thai delegation of \"close cooperation\" for mutual benefit in the field of trade and tourism.The Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Thailand Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC), a subsidiary of the Indian Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) had mooted the idea of introducing a common visa between these countries for a much-needed boost to tourism.Tour operators have for long favoured the introduction of common visa for easy access to the seven BIMSTEC countries, as at present the visa formalities are complicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16106386", "title": "New train between Kanpur, Allahabad from today", "text": "KANPUR: The citizens would get a new train which will be on tracks from today. The train would run between Kanpur and Allahabad and has been named Kanpur-Allahabad Intercity Express.The new train would be flagged by Union Coal Minister, Shreeprakash Jaiswal in the presence of senior railway officials.Necessary arrangements were being made for the flag off ceremony to be held. Due to the presence of VIPs including MLA's and Lok Sabha MP's, tight security arrangements will be made at the venue.Intercity train would be beneficial for those who move between Kanpur and Allahabad frequently. It will bring ease to those who will be willing to take part in Maha Kumbh scheduled to be held in Allahabad next year.Till now after Chauri Chauraha express, there is no other train for those who travel daily to Allahabad. The new Intercity express would be quite helpful to them. The train will have 12 coaches. It had been included in the budget this year.The Intercity train would be flagged off from Kanpur Central railway station for which the NCR authorities have began the required preparations. This train would leave Kanpur Central at 6.30am and reach Allahabad at 10.30am. From Allahabad, it will leave at 5pm and reach Kanpur at 9.40pm. The train would benefit nearly 20,000 people who frequent between the two stations. It has been given 10 stoppages. Its fare has been kept equal to the fare of a superfast train passing through both Kanpur and Allahabad.The coaches of the Intercity Express reached washing line on Thursday itself where the power supply in the coaches was also checked. On late Friday evening, the coaches of the train were decorated with flowers.The excited passengers booked their tickets for the Saturday journey well in advance. This was confirmed by the ticket booking clerks at City side of the railway station.MPs, Ashok Kumar Rawat, Rajaram Pal, Rakesh Sachan, MLAs, Ajay Kapoor, Salil Vishnoi, Satyadeo Pachauri, Raghunandan Bhadauria and others attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "16104671", "title": "Labour department staff \u2018locked out\u2019 for rental dues", "text": "ONGOLE: The officials of labour department on Friday found their office locked and were shocked when the land lady of the building arrived and told them the lock would not be opened unless the rental dues were cleared.The department had taken the building on a long term lease but failed to pay rent for the past three years. The land owner, Battula Lakshmamma, issued a noticetothem to either vacate or pay the dues.Officials then put forth a proposal that they would hike the rent once she withdraws her petition . The landlady agreed to it but realised that she was still being cheated and locked the office on Friday morning .Deputy commissioner of labour S S Akhil denied the whole episode but admitted having a dispute with the landlady . \"It is common in any government department as there would be delay in the release of funds\" , he said . He said the office was closed for a few hours due to the bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094549", "title": "Fury after BMC stalls revelry at Bandra Fair", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has directed Mount Carmel Church and St Anthony's Home for the Aged not to put up stalls within their premises for the upcoming Bandra Fair.According to locals, both institutions have been setting up stalls for nearly 70 years.\"Mount Carmel Church and the old age home have been hosting Bandra Fair for ages,\" said Anil Joseph, chairperson of Perry Road Residents' Association.\"As children most remember the 'September Garden' which is an integral part of the fair. They used to have music shows and 'Mr Popular contest'. The proceeds go towards charitable causes. No attempt should be made to disturb the size and scope of the fair,\" he added.Fr William Athaide, parish priest of the church, said the long-standing tradition of having stalls within the church compound is devoid of any commercial interests. \"We spoke to local corporator Asif Zakaria and the ward officer and told them that this rule should not be applicable to us,\" said Fr William.\"We are doing this for charity. The ward officer said he cannot give any permission. We propose to have the stalls without permission. The stalls are ready two weeks in advance,\" he added.\"If the BMC can allow illegal stalls on the road, then why cannot they allow legal stalls within private premises,\" said former corporator Rehbar Khan. \"It is disheartening that the church and other institutions along the route of Bandra Fair are not given due approvals from the ward office to hold entertainment activities within their premises,\" said Daphne Warapen, chairperson of Ambedkar Road ALM.\"The civic body is partial because in the name of festivals it allows hawkers and pandals on narrow roads in Kharie Village, which is a nuisance to the public,\" she added.Mount Carmel Church is known to create a carnival atmosphere with September garden in its Church premises, held every year during the fair.The 'September Garden' in the church compound is one of the major attractions of the fair.It offers Ferris wheel rides, games for adults and children and jam sessions. Earlier it was known as 'China Garden', however, after the Chinese aggression in 1962, it was rechristened as September Garden. The name underwent another change in early 1990s when it was renamed as 'Carmel Mela'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16101309", "title": "HUDA demolishes illegally built temple", "text": "GURGAON: The enforcement wing of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) on Friday demolished four houses and a temple which had been built illegally in two %sectors.Amidst fear of opposition from the residents, the HUDA team landed at 10 am in Sector 9 where the temple is located.A HUDA official, Sarvesh Joon said, \"The temple was in HUDA's land and it blocked the road. The residents tried to stop the work but everything wenton smoothly.\"The temple, residents claimed, was built several decades ago and resisted the demolition. A resident, Puja Singh said, \"The residents requested the HUDA team to leave at least the main sanctorum of the temple untouched but they did not listen\".The HUDA team went ahead with razing the entire structure and cleared the land. After the temple demolition, the team reached Sector 10 where four houses built on HUDA land were demolished. Fifty policemen escorted the HUDA team for the demolition in Sector 10. In the past, HUDA had acquired six acres of land but did not develop it because of litigations. After year-long litigation, the court finally disallowed all the claim of the landowners and passed on theland to HUDA.During the pendency of the case, four houses were constructed.On Friday the womenfolk of the families living in the houses went to terrace and refused to evict the house. The HUDA team had to persuade the women before carrying out the demolition.HUDA managed to free up two acres of the land which will be developed as per the masterplan in Sector 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097085", "title": "\u2018Engg student held with drugs may be a peddler\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: An engineering student from Chennai arrested by the Goa police on Wednesday night for possessing banned substances worth 8 lakh might have been peddling drugs for tourists and party-goers who frequented resorts in Goa, police suspect. A police team from Goa will visit Chennai to make further inquiries.R Mohanasundaram, a second year student of audio and sound engineering in a private college, has been working part-time as a disco jockey. Police caught Mohanasundaram, a native of Tiruvallur and a resident of Triplicane, with 5.9gm of 451 possessing LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide) papers, 14.1gm of ketamine and 3.3 gm of charas on Wednesday. Police teams intercepted him when he was roaming on Osrath Beach. He used to perform in clubs and discos in resorts and hotels in Goa. A special team also seized a Blackberry mobile phone and some cash from him. They impounded his scooter too. The anti-narcotic cell (ANC) of Goa is grilling him on how he got the contraband. \"Police are also interrogating with some party organisers to verify if Mohanasundaram was supplying drugs to guests in hotels and resorts,\" a police officer said.Police said Mohanasundaram may have been a courier. \"If needed, we will take him in our custody and interrogate further,\" the officer said. The ANC team slapped a case under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act against him and remanded him in prison.\"A team led by a police sub-inspector and an assistant sub-inspector will soon come to Chennai to inquire. We have sent the details to the college where he has been studying. We will verify with the narcotics intelligence bureau CID (NIB-CID) and narcotics central bureau (NCB) officials whether he was booked in any other case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16125708", "title": "Sridevi grateful to Ajith", "text": "That Ajith has done a cameo in Sridevi's comeback vehicle English Vinglish is something we know.In a press meet that was held in Chennai for the film, producer Balki and actress Sridevi thanked Ajith for his guest appearance.Speaking on the occasion, Sridevi said, \"He didn't even demand a penny and agreed to do the part. His first question was when and where should he come for the shoot.\"In the Hindi version, Amitabh Bachchan will appear in place of Ajith. Gauri Shinde, wife of director Balki, has directed the film and Priya Anand, Mehdi Nebbou, Adil Hussain and Sujata Kumar will appear as supporting characters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16093307", "title": "Rectify faults in voter IDs, lists from Sept 15", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration is set to launch a programme in September for all those residents who could not cast their votes in the assembly polls as their names had been missing from the voters' list at their polling booths. Residents will now be able to update their names on the lists from September 15. The drive will also offer an opportunity for new voters to make their cards and old voters to rectify mistakes on theirs.A special counter for the purpose would be set up by the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration at the city magistrate's office in Sector 19. \"The programme would continue till the end of the year,\" said city magistrate, RK Yadav.As part of the programme, the administration will delete all old names from the voters' list. \"There have been many complaints that details of voters have not been printed properly on their cards. Voters who have found mistakes on their cards can get it rectified during the programme,\" said Yadav.The administration has informed that all such voters who had returned without casting their ballots in the assembly elections earlier this year can check with officials to have their names updated. The exercise is being conducted to ensure that all eligible voters have proper electoral photo identity cards with them before the general elections slated in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16102495", "title": "Crackdown on goons continues, 26 arrested", "text": "INDORE: Indore police seem to be going all out against the criminals. On the third day of its drive against the history-sheeters, the cops rounded up 26 goons from different parts of the city on Friday and paraded them in front of the people. On the first two days, 60 history-sheeters were rounded. The goons were not only paraded in public, but were also caned for committing crime.Indore has recently witnessed a spurt in crime rate. The drive against the goons was focused on crime incidents taking place under Chhatripura and Lasudia police station jurisdiction.Chhatripura police in charge Anirudh Vaisya said the police arrested 12 history-sheeters including four murder accused on Friday. Lasudia police in charge Santosh Singh Bhadoria said the police arrested eight accused from different areas under his jurisdiction. Of the eight accused, four had at least 10 cases each on them. Even Khajarana police arrested six persons in the area on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16093258", "title": "Final layout of Sec 18 parking lot prepared", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has finally completed the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the proposed multi-level parking lot in Sector 18 market to accommodate around 3,500 vehicles. The design details for the eight-storey parking lot have been finalized and budget has been fixed at Rs 165 crore. The details have now been sent to IIT-Delhi for technical approval after which tender proceedings will be initiated.As per the DPR, two floors of the parking lot will be underground. The topmost level will also have an open terrace with landscaping with a coffee house. Once constructed, it will also help in reducing traffic chaos in the market area.According to the chief maintenance engineer, AK Goel, construction of the proposed parking lot is scheduled to begin by the end of next month. Earlier last month, following demands from traders, and considering the existing chaotic parking arrangements in the market area, the Authority had announced its decision to construct a six-storey parking lot that would have a capacity to accommodate 4,000 vehicles. As per plan, the parking lot will be ready within a year from when the construction begins.The Authority has also directed RITES to carry out a traffic study in and around the market area for the planned parking lot. \"The lack of parking space in and around the market area is a major problem and leads to regular traffic snarls. It also affects the business of the traders as people avoid coming to the market area due to the regular traffic woes. We have thus decided to construct a multi-level parking lot near the Radisson Hotel that will accommodate at least 3,500 vehicles,\" Goel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16098714", "title": "Sindri miners abstain from work", "text": "SINDRI: Production in Sudamdih incline mine of BCCL remained disrupted during the second shift on Friday as the miners abstained from duty demanding reinstatement of suspended worker, Radheshyam Singh. The union leaders of Karamchari Sangh have threatened to paralyze production in all BCCL mines that come under eastern Jharia area if the suspension of its area secretary was not revoked.According to S P Srivastava, the project officer of Sudamdih incline mine, trade union leaders went to meet colliery manager B Mahto on Thursday and demanded that all the miners owing allegiance to the union should be transferred from underground mine to surface duty and also that they should also be given Sunday duty. When the colliery manager expressed his inability in complying with the demands of the union and advised them to talk to higher officials, the union leaders manhandled him and threatened him with dire consequences.When the matter was reported to higher officials, area secretary of the union Radheshyam Singh was suspended and the colliery management lodged a formal complaint against the union leaders with local police.This irritated the union leaders who staged demonstration and convinced all the miners to stop work and press for revocation of the suspension. As many miners have come out of the mine, we are not able to say who are on duty and who are abstaining from work, said Srivastava and informed that the colliery management has served \"no work no pay\" notice on the miners abstaining from work.When contacted, joint general secretary of Karamchari Sangh, Uchit Mahto refused the allegation of manhandling and alleged that the colliery manager refused to hold discussions with them. Tnn We would paralyze the entire mine of BCCL if the suspension order of Radheshyam Singh was not revoked, he threatened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16121621", "title": "Maharashtra farmers to harvest tech benefits under NABARD-IMD project", "text": "PUNE: About 50,000 farmers in ten districts of Maharashtra are expected to benefit from a pilot project which will disseminate weather-related inputs using Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in a bid to improve land productivity and boost crop output.It is being launched jointly by the National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (NABARD) and India Meteorological Department (IMD), and is to be financed under the former's farmers' technology transfer fund (FTTF).The project aims at creating awareness, increasing farmers' knowhow and capacity building for enhanced income through adoption of new technologies, reduction of costs, getting better price for produce and securing technical inputs for crop management, NABARD spokesman Subodh Abhyankar said.In addition to Pune, the other districts to be covered under the scheme, to be launched on September 3, include Ahmednagar, Washim, Bhandara, Amravati, Jalna, Gadchiroli, Sindhudurg and Hingoli.\"Nearly 50,000 farmers from 500 farmers' clubs promoted by NABARD will be provided weather-related information and crop advisories by way of free SMSs in the pilot initiative,\" he said.The three-year plan envisages using ICT tools for providing need-based agro-meteorological advisory services to ryots in the context of local farming and culture, and ensure a two-way communication between agriculture experts and grassroots level communities, Abhyankar maintained.Under the project, which will mainly focus on ICT initiative for improving productivity of land and production of crop to augment income of farmers, the IMD's Agri-Met field units will provide weather and crop-related advisories right from sowing to harvesting operations with technical expertise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16101363", "title": "Eid finally arrives in Naroda Patia, 10 years late", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was Eid-like euphoria in the 1,000-odd houses of Naroda Patia which bore the brunt of mayhem in the 2002 post-Godhra riots. Heavy rain in Ahmedabad on Friday did not dampen the spirits.\"It was a late Eid \u2014 one after 10 years. I haven't seen so many smiling faces in Naroda Patia over the past decade, which we spent praying for this day,\" said Dilawar Saiyad, 74, one of the prime witnesses in the case against BJP MLA Maya Kodnani. \"I had lost faith in everything, but the judgment has proved that not all is bad in my India.\"As the 32 convicts in the Naroda Patia massacre were awarded punishment, the families of victims and witnesses breathed a sigh of relief. Even those who had moved out of the locality for a day fearing a backlash returned home in the evening to join their society members. With securitymen dotting all lanes of Naroda Patia, residents checked their jubilation and shared the joy of their victory in small groups. The most elated were the survivors and witnesses who for the past four years had stood behind the case despite all odds.\"I was offered lakhs of rupees to change my statement and was also threatened,\" said Harun Sheikh, a rickshaw driver. \"I had lost 10 people in my family, including my son and wife. I didn't want their lives to go waste and fought for justice. Today, I feel they would be happy with our victory too.\"But as Patia remained alive, the mood was sombre in Hindu neighbourhoods of Kubernagar (Kodnani's home turf), Chharanagar, Meghaninagar and parts of Naroda, home to most of the convicts. Security arrangements remained tight as many shopkeepers voluntary observed bandh to protest the verdict. Tension even prevailed in the Mahajanvas area near Naroda Patia.At Patia, the most excited of all witnesses was 29-year-old Shakila Bano, a tailor. \"I have lived most of my life hidden inside the veil which I threw away in 2008 and pulled up my socks to nail the culprits. Today, I feel the happiest... I feel like flying.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16099965", "title": "CPM govt allotted 5 coal blocks without auction", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat seems to be shifting goal posts on the coalgate debate to bridge the widening gap between what his party does and what it preaches. In his article for CPM central organ People's Democracy, Karat argues that coal allocation and mining, in future, should remain with the public sector when the CPM-led government in West Bengal allotted five coal blocks to private steel majors, JSW and Jai Balaji, without auction, to set up steel and captive power plants in the state.In another decision that raised a controversy, the Left Front government assigned coal blocks to Sobha Ispat that later sold its shares to Shyam Shell.Not only that, Karat's own party conceded to Coal India's letting out coal blocks at Barabani in Asansol under its subsidiary Eastern Coalfields to the RPG group. The Jyoti Basu government also entered into a joint venture with the Emta Group. The decision had sparked a fierce debate in the CPM's Burdwan unit.Karat also drove holes into the competitive bidding route saying it would lead to private monopolies and push the cost of power generation, resulting in increased power tariff. Compare this with the CPM CC statement issued on August 17. It says that allocation of coal reserves must be done through a \"transparent and objective competitive bidding.\"The dichotomy apart, Karat's high moral ground has put the Bengal CPM in a quandary. CPM central committee member Gautam Deb believes the state government should arrange for coal blocks if steel and infrastructure majors such as JSW or Larsen and Toubro come up with proposals of setting up plants in Bengal.\"I do not think privatising the coal sector is the answer. But I see no wrong if state governments allocate coal blocks to private companies in the interests of the state? After all, governments are accountable to the Assembly or Parliament,\" said Deb.The CPM general secretary's argument that competitive bidding would push coal costs is also not above question, particularly at a time when Coal India can't meet the demand of the thermal-based power plants across the country.According to sources in the power sector, power utilities in coal bearing Bengal get their bulk supply from the Mahanadi Coalfields, and not from the Eastern Coalfields with its coal blocks in Bengal. In a bid to meet their demand, both the state and central power utilities and the private CESC have to import coal from other countries thus pushing costs. Power operators argue that Karat's dependence on public sector Coal India that produces far short of the demand will lead to a spurt in coal import resulting in a further push in generation costs and increased power tariff.Karat's problem is that he provides an alternative that his own party could not pursue when it was in government in Bengal. Party politburo member Nirupam Sen, who also served as state power minister had briefed the Delhi bosses on the policy constraints from time to time and the party approved the coal block allocation to private steel majors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16107592", "title": "Traffic cops demand construction of road dividers", "text": "VARANASI: The traffic police had sought cooperation from the civic authorities for smooth traffic movement in the city. SP (traffic) GN Khanna wrote a letter to the municipal commissioner, urging him for the construction of road dividers in different localities.\"We wrote a letter to the municipal commissioner, requesting him to reconstruct road dividers, which were damaged,\" said Khanna.The city is facing traffic pressure that causes frequent jams. For smooth movement, road dividers were constructed on different roads. Most of the dividers are damaged and at many places these do not exist.Due to the damaged or absence of road dividers, many localities like Maldahiya, Lohatiya, Kabirchaura, Vishweshwarganj, Sigra, Mahmoorganj, Luxa, Godowlia, Sinarpura, Bhelupur and others face traffic jams and the cops had to toil hard to streamline it, Khanna said.The situation turned worse when the roads were dug for laying sewer lines under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and other purposes.The city development plan prepared under JNNURM states that there is a high degree of conflict between pedestrians and vehicles in the old town area.The high density of the area, coupled with encroachment, heavy movement of cycle rickshaw and pedestrians make it the most chaotic and congested in the city. In the central city that comprises areas beyond the old town area up to GT Road, roads are more wide as compared to the old town area, but the roads are still congested.The roads leading to the inner city are wider but heavily encroached, creating chaos for the movement. Roadside parking and street vendors add to traffic problems.The peripheral newly developed areas that comprise Nadesar, Police lines, Tajpura have reasonable road widths with few encroachments. The major problems areas in this zone are Pandeypur chowk, Andhrapul and Chauka Ghat. In general, traffic condition is poor as most of the roads are narrow and congested.The mixed mode of traffic, with different speed, like rickshaws and cars/lorries during the peak hours causes congestion. The traffic volume is very high at all the intersections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16103925", "title": "Ulfa anti-talk cadre arrested", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city police's operation wing on Friday arrested Ulfa anti-talk faction cadre Rocky alias Mithun Rabha from Rajaduwar area of the city. Police also found one hand grenade on him. He hailed from Tikrikilla area of Goalpara district.According to police, Rocky was involved in the attack on a BSF convoy that left one jawan dead and six injured in Goalpara on July 31.\"On August 5, security forces killed two other ultras Raghu Roy and Ratul Rabha, who were involved in the July 31 attack, in an encounter in Ganeshjuli of Goalpara district. Rocky managed to escape that night. He was caught on Friday from one of his relative's house at Rajaduwar,\" said SP (operation) Ranjan Bhuyan.Rocky has been remanded to custody for 14 days. Police said interrogation will reveal more. \"He might have kept the grenade for his security. The quizzing will reveal more,\" added Bhuyan.Rocky was running away from police since the encounter and came to the city area three days back, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "gandhingar", "code": "16102856", "title": "2.4 per cent more voters this time", "text": "GANDHINGAR: Gujarat has recorded a net increase of 2.4 per cent voters in the special summary revision exercise undertaken by the election machinery in the last three months. The exercise concluded on Friday with the number of voters in the state going up to 3.78 crore.The figure stood at 3.69 crores on June 1 this year. Of the total addition of voters, the number of female voters was 6,40,664 while 5,99,373 were males. The election machinery deleted 1,83,277 male voters and 1,92,641 female voters during the exercise.\"Of the deletions, 80,945 have died while others have shifted to new locations,\" said an official of the State Election Commission. An interesting aspect of the exercise was the registration of 12.8 lakh freshers in the last three months that fall in the age group of 18-19 years. \"Ahmedabad district tops the list as almost 1.40 lakh (11 per cent) of the total freshers have been registered in the district since June,\" said an official. Another achievement of the election machinery is reflected through the substantial increase in the gender ratio. The figure that had stood at 907 females per thousand male voters till June has now gone up to 910.According to the census figures, gender ratio in the state stands at 918. A total of 99.4 per cent of the voters in the state possess Electronic Photo Identity cards ( EPIC) and 99.18 of the total voters have their photos on the electoral rolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16091057", "title": "DU rejected Unmukt Chand's leniency plea in May", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the face of it, Delhi University seems to be taking on an unreasonable college on behalf of Unmukt Chand. But the real story is that Unmukt's travails were caused not by the college but by the university.In an application to DU vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh in early May, Unmukt had sought permission to write his second semester exams. The letter was strongly endorsed by St Stephen's College principal Valson Thampu.The letter reached Singh on May 7, 2012 and he signed it and forwarded it to the registrar's office. However, in a letter to sports minister Ajay Maken on Friday, Singh said, \"The matter came to my attention two days ago.\"The application appears to have been routinely forwarded by the vice-chancellor of DU to the registrar. The registrar in turn sent the application to the dean of students' welfare, who in turn returned it to the college with a note - \"May process as per rules.\"The young cricketer had pleaded his case eloquently: that he captains the Indian U-19 cricket team and had led it to victory in the series held in Australia, that he was then playing for Delhi Daredevils and that he had been away attending camps conducted by BCCI at NCA, Bangalore, and could he, therefore, get to give his exams despite his poor attendance record? The letter had Valson Thampu's noting: \"Manifestly a deserving case. Strongly recommended and forwarded for favourable consideration.\"But once the university told the college to proceed \"as per rules\", St Stephen's had little choice. The university, in other words, had rejected Unmukt's request and also left his college without any scope for helping the young sportsman.Sources said the college had been directed by the university before the first semester exam to not allow any students - whatever category - to sit for the exam if they were short of attendance. But \"the directive came much too late to be implemented justly and fairly, without discrimination.\" The college implemented the rules in the second semester.Justice Manmohan Sarin and Bobby Kewalramani, president and secretary of the St Stephen's College Alumni Association, said in a statement on Friday, \"Unfortunately it has been suggested that the college did not do all that it should have done to support Unmukt. This is not correct. The facts are that when Unmukt applied for permission to take the second semester exam, the application was addressed to the vice-chancellor and had to be routed through St Stephen's College's principal. It is thus evident that the college acted in time, displaying compassion and adopted a liberal approach to help its sportsman.\"It was also pointed out that that the university was forced to consider the situation with sportsmen after Jaspal Rana had to quit the same college. Rana was denied an enrolment number due to low attendance. An August 1998 letter from the University Grants Commission to the DU registrar says, \"It is seen that despite UGC's guidelines, the universities and colleges have not been following them uniformly. So it is to be considered whether the problem is more in the implementation of the existing guidelines rather than in the guidelines themselves.\"In the UGC guidelines issued in 1994, it is categorically stated that in \"exceptional cases, further relaxation... may be permitted to protect the academic and sports interests of the sports-persons by the vice-chancellor of the university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16101694", "title": "Lucknow reports four new swine flu cases", "text": "LUCKNOW: Health officials in state capital continue to be in denial mode over the rising swine flu cases in the city. On Friday, the city reported four fresh cases of swine flu, taking the total to 28.Talking to reporters on Friday, chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav said, \"The media has created a scare regarding swine flu. According to the latest book of medicines and international standard, the word 'swine' has been removed from the name of virus, as it used to create panic. The infection has been renamed as Influenza A H1N1.\"Experts however said that there has been no renaming of Swine flu. \"Since its inception, the scientific name of the virus is Influenza A H1N1. But in a layman language, the virus is known as swine flu,\" said Prof Amita Jain, senior microbiologist at King George's Medical University.Meanwhile, head of microbiology department at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Prof TN Dhole confirmed that four new cases have been reported. Talking to TOI he said, \"Four out of 15 swab samples sent to our department have tested positive on Friday.\"The CMO however denied the information. \"No new case of swine flu has been reported. And all the patients who were infected by the virus are in healthy condition,\" said Dr Yadav. He continued to stress that swine flu virus is not dangerous as it is not active now. But, it gets virulent in post rainy season, and we are fully prepared. All the hospitals are fully equipped with medicines and testing kits including masks and gloves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16091987", "title": "ED probing money laundering angle in NRHM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suspecting that the accused may have parked their ill-gotten cash abroad, the Enforcement Directorate is probing into the money laundering angle in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. The CBI had recently found that some accused, including former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA R P Jaiswal, may have allegedly made Rs 40 crore during the implementation of the scheme. ED has been roped into the investigation to find if the money has been stashed in foreign accounts.The CBI and ED officials held a meeting a few days ago and details of cases were shared in a bid to attach the properties of the accused.ED had reportedly registered cases under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against former UP family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and others in the alleged financial irregularities sometime ago, but the probe has started gathering momentum following the recent meeting between the two agencies.Sources said that ED has begun the process of identifying movable and immovable properties of the accused and their relatives in Uttar Pradesh and other parts of the country. If sources are to be believed, CBI has also shared some bank transactions of the accused with ED.So far, CBI has registered 18 cases in the scam, and more cases are likely to be filed soon. The agency has also filed charge sheet against Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16097076", "title": "Body in police training school tank: Murder case registered", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two mysterious deaths at Malviya Nagar's Police Training School in May might not have been suicides or accidents, as initially believed. Police have now registered a case of murder in connection with one of these cases after discovering some suspicious details.Three police personnel \u2014 constable Munish Hooda, head constable Vishram Meena and constable Dinesh Yadav \u2014 died at the school in May. While Yadav was shot dead by a colleague on May 7, Hooda's body was fished out of a water tank on May 3 and Meena was found dead in a pool of blood outside his barrack on May 23.After Hooda's autopsy confirmed drowning as the cause of death, the crime branch is looking at the case afresh from various angles. Sources say all three possibilities \u2014 accident, suicide, and murder \u2014 are being analyzed. Several policemen present that night with Hooda will be questioned.Hooda (23) was posted with the 7th Battalion of Delhi Armed Police (DAP). His father suspects foul play because he was told the trainees used to fetch water from the tank for their bath, but on talking to his son's colleagues he learnt that the tank fed taps used to clean utensils and brush teeth.Hooda's phone details show he called his mother around 4pm on May 2, a day before his body was found. The family said he spoke about being unwell and taking medicines prescribed by a doctor in Rohtak. He also said his leave had been sanctioned and he would be home next morning. Around 8pm, he again spoke to his mother and told her he had taken his medicines and dinner. Again, at 9.07pm, Hooda spoke to his father.Hooda's colleagues had reported seeing him around 12.30am. \"He was found dead around 8.30am in the water tank that was three-fourths filled. A colleague who saw one of his slippers outside the tank and peeped in discovered the body. The 1,000-litre tank stood around 4 feet high while Hooda was six-foot tall,\" recalled a source.Hooda's body was found in a sitting posture with the palms turned inwards in front of his face. This discounts the possibility of his having fallen into the tank, because then the body would have been found head down. Investigators said the body may have turned when the water supply started in the morning, but the fact that one of his slippers lay outside raises the possibility of a scuffle before death.Hooda's family has ruled out suicide as he used to visit home frequently, was jovial, did not seem depressed nor complained of pressure at work. His father Krishan Lal had alleged seeing red strangulation marks around the neck, besides some injury marks on the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16126926", "title": "Unmukt vs college: The match is on", "text": "KOCHI: Unmukt Chand has done India proud by leading the U-19 cricket team to victory. But him having to drop a year at college seems to have dented the celebrations. The St Stephen's College authorities have refused to promote him to the second year due to lack of attendance.Captain of the Indian cricket team, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, came forward to support the U-19 Team India skipper on Thursday. He wrote on his social networking page: \"Marks for sports takes back seat... attendance for now takes centre stage. This shows how much importance sports has in India. Sad to hear (sic).\" Unmukt had told us that he had approached the court but by the time the verdict was given, the semesters were already over. \"Now, I have spoken to my principal and the sports teacher to help me out,\" he added.And while the Unmukt vs the college battle continues, a lot of people have come out in support of the cricketer. Some of the alumni of the college are irked by the college's decision as Unmukt was, after all, playing for the country and not out on a holiday.Aamir Bashir: The A Wednesday fame actor says, \"I am surprised how they admitted Unmukt in the first place. This happened to cricketer Ajay Jadeja too and he chose Hindu College over ours. I don't know why they've a sports quota when they don't let players pursue the sport. Unmukt chose the wrong college.\"Saina Nehwal: Despite sports persons bringing laurels to the country, do we still give more importance to academics? At least, that's what badminton player Saina Nehwal thinks. She says, \"I couldn't take my 12th standard examination due to my matches. We play for the country and we should be given that kind of support. Since I was supported by my teachers, I have reached this level,\" she says, adding, \"See the number of doctors and engineers we produce every year. Whereas, we only have six medals in the Olympics this time. Sports is completely neglected in the country.\"Jhulan Goswami: The captain of the Indian women's cricket team says, \"Unmukt has performed a national duty. He did not go on a personal holiday and his commitment should be acknowledged.\" The sports quota is there for a purpose, she adds. \"He wouldn't have been a champion if he were attending college. The sports quota is a privilege and Unmukt should be given a chance.\"Kabir Bedi: Actor Kabir Bedi, who is an alumnus of the college, offers a different viewpoint though. Unmukt is still young and he should just enjoy this phase, the actor says. \"He has made the country proud. We have been thrilled by his leadership and winning performances. He is a young hero. But if he doesn't have enough attendance, he doesn't qualify academically,\" he explains. And this is not a big deal, Kabir adds. \"It should be respected. What is his hurry? Let him take a year more, enjoy the journey, and keep pursuing his cricket career.\"While everyone is talking about whether the college should bend its rules and make an exception for the cricket captain, badminton player Jwala Gutta says that it would be unfair on the other students if he is promoted. \"Sports is a different profession and he should try and take the supplementary examination. If he is intelligent enough, he will pass,\" she says.The college principal Valsan Thampu was unavailable for comment, but it's left to be seen if Unmukt conquers this challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16100057", "title": "'Red Fear' forces home guards to resign", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Three home guards have recently resigned from the police department following the brutal murder of a fellow personnel by Maoists in Bargarh district's Padmapur sub-division.Activists said the presence of Maoists coupled with the fear psychosis among the home guards has triggered panic among locals. \"The home guards are supposed to protect the lives and property of the people, but if they feel insecure in the department and quit the service, then think about the common people. How they will feel safe in their village,\" said social activist Pradeep Purohit.Sources said a group of Maoists had killed home guard Narayan Suna (42) in front of his house at Bhuliabandh near Paikmal on the night of August 13. They had dragged him of his house and shot him dead in front of his wife. The assailants had also stabbed his body with a bayonet to trigger panic.Following the murder, Gajendra Bagh (38), a home guard at Nuniamunda village, resigned on August 22. He was followed by Subash Sahu (40) of Chuhapali, who quit his job on August 24. On Tuesday, Kishore Deep of Munder village tendered his resignation. He had been working as a home guard in the police department for over 10 years.Senior police officers, however, refused to admit that fear psychosis had forced the personnel to quit. \"If they do not want to remain in the force, we cannot force them to do so. However, we will definitely try to find out the reason behind their decision to quit their jobs,\" said DIG (Northern division) Sanjay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16099390", "title": "Slum board tells fishermen to vacate tenements", "text": "CHENNAI: With its decades-old tenements along the coastline falling into disrepair, Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board has advised families of fishermen to vacate them immediately and move to temporary shelters nearby. Following a TOI report on the tenements on Friday, the board warned them that it would not be held responsible if the monsoon caused any damage to the buildings or caused them any harm. The board's managing director, V Chandrasekharan, said the buildings had been badly damaged by the tsunami in December 2004. The fishing community has not been cooperative when ministers and officials tried to convince them to leave the broken down tenements for new shelters being built for them. \"The buildings are in a dilapidated state. The families have to move to the temporary shelters and cooperate with the state, which is providing alternative housing at its own expense,\" he said.With World Bank assistance, the previous DMK government in 2006 planned to redevelop tenements in Nochikuppam, Nochi Nagar, Dumingkuppam, Selvarajapuram, Foreshore Estate and Srinivasapuram. Of the 7,320 units planned by the government, only 628 have been built so far. With the fishermen's families refusing to move to the new buildings, the funding agency has stopped funding for five of the six areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16102532", "title": "Roller skating championship begins", "text": "INDORE: A two-day inter-school roller skating championship began at Delhi Public School, under the aegis of district education department, on August 31.Around 300 skaters from 30 different schools of the region are participating in it. On Friday, Rink Race One (time twelve) race took place in which 150 students participated.The championship comprises four types of events. Smiket Barodia clocked best timings in the under-14 age group. Principal of the school Sundar Pal Sachdeva was the chief guest while vice-principal Sunila Bajaj presided over the function.Tennis team: Madhya Pradesh tennis team has been selected for the upcoming All India BSNL table tennis championship which will be held in Andhra Pradesh. For men team players selected from Indore are Nilesh Vaid, Yogendra Chauhan and Ashok Ingle while for women team Meghana Nikharwale has been selected from Indore to represent Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16121820", "title": "Badal's counsel seek dismissal of suit against him in US court for failure of proper service", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal's attorneys have filed a motion in a US district court seeking to dismiss a plaint against him - on the charges of police custodial torture and shielding the Police officers responsible for extra judicial killings during his tenure as Punjab chief minister - on the ground of failure to effectuate service or in the alternative granting an additional 90 days time to answer the plaint.Badal has hired top law firm Milwaukee based \"Michael Best and Friedrich LLP\", to defend him. On August 30, representing Badal, attorney Michelle L Jacobs submitted a motion before the US court asking \"to dismiss for failure to effectuate service; or in the alternative for an additional 90 days to file a responsive pleading\".The summons for Badal were issued by District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin on August 8 giving him 21 days to answer the charges of torture, practice of impunity to the police officers responsible for extrajudicial killings. The plaint has specifically mentioned DGP Sumedh Saini's instance to buttress its petition. Badal was visiting US at that time and the Sikhs For Justice which had filed the plaint along with three activists of Simranjit Singh Mann led SAD (Amritsar).Defending Badal attorney Jacobs in the motion argued that \"On information and belief, the defendant was not personally served with Summons at Oak Creek High School, Wisconsin, and service of Summons as claimed by plaintiffs is \"invalid and procedurally deficient\".The motion further argues that \"the importance of proper service is paramount in this case because the plaintiffs' sole claim for jurisdiction and venue against the defendant, a foreign citizen, is based on plaintiffs' assertion that the defendant was present in the state of Wisconsin within the territorial boundaries of this district at or around the time of filing this complaint. The complaint alleges no other connection to the State and Eastern District of Wisconsin.\"SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun said that scores of people who had suffered at the hands of police during Badal's regime had come forward with proofs of abuses and wanted to be part of the case against Badal before US Court. \"SFJ will amend the complaint against Badal to add additional charges, plaintiffs and witnesses who have suffered custodial abuses and torture,\" he said.The lawsuit against Badal was filed under Alien Torts Claims Act and Torture Victims Protection Act on the charges of custodial torture and shielding the Police officers responsible for torture, extra judicial killings and continuous human rights violations against the Sikh community in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16102344", "title": "Attacked Tibetan youth discharged", "text": "MYSORE: Tenzin Dargyal, 22, who was under treatment at Krishna Rajendra Hospital for the past two-and-half weeks for stab injuries, was discharged on Friday.Tenzin was shifted to a hospital in Bylakuppe Tibetan settlement camp in Periyapatna taluk of Mysore district under police cover on Friday noon.Surgeon Dr B L Dharmendra said had they discharged the youth on Tuesday itself, but waited to relocate him till Friday due to security reasons. Another surgery will be carried out some weeks later to remove the colostomy bag. \"The youth has recovered, and is stable,\" he added.Devaraja police escorted him in an ambulance to the camp, 80km away from here.Member of Tibetan government-in-exile Lobsang Yeshi told TOI that Tenzin has been relocated to a hospital in Bylakuppe, where he will rest for some days.Tenzin was attacked with a dagger by two motorbike-borne youths near a restaurant in Devaraja police limits on August 14.A sharp weapon was lodged inside his body, leaving him badly injured. He was operated upon at KR hospital following injuries in his intestines.Investigating to identify the culprits is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16104522", "title": "Virbhadra Singh withdraws writ; to face trial in CD case", "text": "SHIMLA: Former Union minister Virbhadra Singh on Friday withdrew his writ petition with liberty to challenge the action of vigilance of not investigating the CD case, allegedly involving chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and DS Minhas, director general police, who incidentally retired on Friday.Division bench comprising chief justice Kurian Joseph and justice DC Chaudhary accepted Virbhadra's plea and permitted him to withdraw it without prejudice to their liberty to peruse their relief, as far as prayer for investigation of FIR 7 of 2010, registered against unknown persons at police station CID Shimla qua a CD containing the voice of Dhumal from CBI.Virbhadra Singh and Partibha Singh had filed the writ petition for quashing of FIR No 27/2009 or in alternative transfer the investigation of this FIR to the CBI.Petitioners had also prayed for transfer of FIR 7/2010 to CBI as the alleged CD is said to have contained the voice of Dhumal. The petitioner had alleged that prosecution was applying different yardsticks to investigate two similar offences involving a CD.It was alleged that investigating agency had registered an FIR against unknown person in FIR7/2010, whereas CD allegedly containing voices of Virbhadra Singh and Partibha Singh, a case was registered against them.It was further alleged that investigating agency had made an attempt to involve Amit Paul, the then OSD to Virbhadra Singh.Petitioners further alleged that CD pertaining to them was sent to CFSL Chandigarh, where as CD pertains to Dhumal was sent to FSL Gujarat for authenticity.It may be mentioned here that the vigilance department had lodged FIR against petitioners on August3, 2009 on the basis of an audio CD released by Vijay Singh Mankotia at a press conference in Dharamshala on May 28, 2007, alleging that it contained the voices of Virbhadra Singh, Pratibha Singh , a retired IAS officer Mohinder Lal (now deceased) and one KN Sharma (now deceased).The case was registered under Prevention of Corruption Act 1988section 13 (1) (d)(ii) and at anti-corruption police station in Shimla. On the basis of challan placed before the trial court, charges have been framed against the petitioner and proceedings were pending till the disposal of petitions filed before the high court.With the petitions before the high court stand withdrawn, the trial court can now proceed with the case in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16092886", "title": "Cops nab 3 in secret raid on \u2018crime den\u2019", "text": "THANE: Around 250 cops raided Iranipada basti in Ambivli on Friday and arrested three criminals, including a woman wanted in a police assault case.It was the third such operation by Thane police in the last one year in the area. So far, police have arrested more than 40 chain snatchers and recovered over Rs 1.5 crore stolen ornaments and many motorbikes. Friday's operation was organized by DCP Manoj Patil.\"The area is considered sensitive because of which the operation was kept secret. All senior officials at the police station were informed on Thursday night to remain present but they were not informed about the exact place. Around 3am on Friday, all senior police officials were informed on wireless to reach near Ambivli,\" said a senior official who was part of the team.Sunil Patil, senior inspector from Mahatma Phule police station, also a part of the team, said, \"We nabbed two robbers, Haidar Sayyed, 45 and Aasif Sayed, 52, while the third arrested Jainab Irani, 43, was wanted in a police assault case.\" The area is home to over 400 Iranians. Cheating, house-breaking and robbery are said to be the livelihood of a majority of the residents, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16093758", "title": "A year after, family learns to live without Bhanwari", "text": "JODHPUR: Sahil, son of slain nurse Bhanwari Devi , is trying to piece together the fragments of a family that was destroyed a year ago.Following the abduction and murder of his mother, an auxiliary nurse and midwife (ANM), on September 1 and the imprisonment of father Amarchand in the case, Sahil is trying to come to terms with being the new breadwinner for the family.The government offered him a job in the medical and health department on compassionate grounds. The earnings go into taking care of his grandmother Punni Devi and two sisters Ashwini and Gungun.Memories of the past trouble him but don't bog him down. \"After the FBI report, I have come to know that my mother is no more. We are yet to get the death certificate,\" Sahil told TOI over phone.\"If the investigation reports are to be believed, my mother was killed on the night of September1, and on that account, it is the first death anniversary of my mother,\" he said betraying the pain and sense of desolateness.The family, however, won't observe the anniversary. \"My father is in jail and I don't think it is fair to observe such an important ritual without his absence,\" he said. Sahil said his grandmother is also of the same view.Punni Devi, accompanied by Ashwini, a Class 11 student at a private village school, goes to the court everytime Amarchand is presented during the trial in the case in Jodhpur. \"I also go to meet my father in jail every Sunday\", Sahil said.His other sister Gungun studies in Class 2. Ashwini was earlier studying in a school in Jaipur, but shifted to Borunda after the tragedy. \"Since my brother has to shoulder the responsibility of the family, I decided to stay back. I wanted to look after my grandmother and younger sister,\" she said.The initial support from the community and relatives has ceased. Most relatives have distanced themselves from the family. \"I think people just wanted to get mileage out of the entire situation,\" Sahil said in a wry tone.The absence of father and mother has helped the children attain a maturity beyond their age. The family has come closer, than it ever had in the past, with each member being the support system of the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16093285", "title": "3 parking lots planned at Walled City", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parking woes at Walled City may soon be over. North Delhi Municipal Corporation is mulling construction of three new underground multi-level parking lots that will collectively accommodate more than 2,000 cars.The parking lots will be built at Church Mission Road, Dangal Maidan and Asaf Ali Road at an estimated cost of Rs 180 crore. \"The feasibility study of these projects has been done and work will start by the end of next month,\" said works committee chairman Ravinder Gupta. The Walled City area already houses three multi-storey parkings - at Gandhi Maidan, Asaf Ali Road and near Fatehpuri - but they're in dire need of a makeover.\"Residents have been using the parking lots for years but civic agencies have made no efforts for their upkeep. Construction of new parking spaces is a welcome move but authorities shouldn't overlook the maintenance of existing infrastructure,\" said Rashid Rehman, a Chandni Chowk-based trader.Several other parking projects, conceived by the corporation five years back, are yet to see the light of day. \"Work is pending at many parking lots. Commuting is a nightmare for residents of areas near these dug-up. The corporation should be penalized for the delays as they inconvenience people and escalate costs,\" said Ashok Bhasin, president, North Delhi RWAs Federation. Of the 41 parking projects taken up by the erstwhile MCD in 2008, only one has been completed. However, the Parade Ground parking lot - inaugurated with much fanfare in February - is still not operational.Gupta assured that work on all these pending projects will be expedited and by the year-end, four parking lots in north Delhi will be operational.The project which the corporation promised will act as a breather for the congested Chandni Chowk market, is yet to see completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16094665", "title": "Improve your act if you want more aid: Centre to Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the state government is trying hard to get maximum drought aid, the Centre has urged Maharashtra to step up implementation of its conservation and mitigation measures.In a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday, Union minister for rural development minister Jairam Ramesh requested the state to \"further step up\" implementation of integrated watershed management programme (IWMP) to seek the next installment of relief funds. Asking Chavan to direct his officials to this effect, Ramesh said, \"I shall be grateful if you (Chavan) could review IWMP periodically, including the institutional setup, for its effective implementation.\"The IWMP plays an important role in rainfed/degraded areas and those talukas identified under the state's drought prone-area programme (DPAP). Under this scheme, the state undertakes soil and moisture conservation measures, rainwater harvesting activities like farm ponds, percolation tanks and check dams.The programme also helps in planting and sowing of multi-purpose vegetation and encourages natural regeneration. \"Under this scheme, the funds are divided in a 90:10 ratio between the Centre and state,\" said an official. The Centre has already waived off an 'unspent balance' of Rs 611 crore of IWMP funds available with the state and released Rs 501 crore to Maharashtra in August. \"Considering the gravity of drought being faced by Maharashtra, the empowered group of ministers in July approved to waive off the unspent amount,\" Ramesh stated in his letter.The state is facing severe crisis with nearly 6,000 villages affected and 123 talukas declared drought hit by the state last month.A delegation of state ministers recently visited New Delhi to seek assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16096124", "title": "Dalit MPs hold dharna for SC/ST quota in promotions", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that could nudge BJP to rethink its disruption of Parliament, dalit MPs cutting across party lines staged dharna in the House to demand that government pass the constitutional amendment bill for 'promotion quota' in the ongoing session.Around 25 SC/ST MPs, including chairman of national commission for SCs PL Punia and LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan , first blocked the main gate of Parliament and then sat in front of Mahatma Gandhi's statue to demand the legislation to restore 'promotion quota'.The MPs said delay in promulgating the bill would hurt the dalit interest. Punia said the government had assured the parliamentary forum of SC/ST that the bill would be brought to parliament next week.The bid to mount pressure on constitutional amendment can force BJP to review its strategy over coalgate. If UPA finalizes the bill soon, a decision to table it in Lok Sabha in the last week of monsoon session would test the principal opposition's strategy to disrupt the two Houses.BJP announced its support for constitutional amendment at the all-party meeting despite reservations within, like Congress. A key factor in the decision is the support BJP has carved out among dalits, a traditional Congress vote bank. BJP MPs joined the dharna and only SP stayed away because of party's opposition to quota in promotion for SCs/STs.The optics of being seen as obstructing the bill to facilitate 'promotion quota' could be detrimental to its politics, especially ahead of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh polls. While Mayawati's BSP has targeted Congress for failure to protect quota, BJP's continued obstruction could bring it in the dalit party's firing line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16092970", "title": "Lookout notice against former chief engineer", "text": "NOIDA: Following the request of UP Police, a lookout notice has been issued against the former engineer in chief of Noida Authority, Yadav Singh, for alleged irregularities in sanctioning of work worth nearly Rs 1,000 crore within just eight days. Yadav is the latest to fall to the inquiries and investigations initiated by the new administration in UP against officials who held top posts during the Mayawati regime.UP Police sources say that Singh blatantly flouted tender norms and a case of forgery and illegal land grabbing has also been registered against him. Singh is reportedly close to Mayawati and her family and he was elevated to the post of chief engineer directly from his then position as just an engineer.TOI has a copy of the lookout notice (registration number 2012414728) issued by the government. The notice cites that Yadav Singh, son of Prabhu Dayal, a native of Agra, is wanted in two cases. One of the cases is registered under various sections, including 420, 447, 468, 471, 409, and Prevention of Corruption Act with the Sector 39 police station.UP government officials said that Singh had violated all tender procedures and indiscriminately awarded work while projecting \"gravely inflated costs for all these projects.\" Following the complaint by Noida Authority, two contracting agencies, Tirupati Constructions and JSP constructions, were also booked in this connection at Sector 39 police station.\"With the issue of the lookout notice, now Singh will not be allowed to leave India. All airports and all other possible exits of the country have been informed and the description of Yadav Singh along with his latest photograph has been shared with concerned agencies,\" said a senior UP Police official.The Noida Authority had also initiated a departmental probe into the matter. The inquiry report revealed that between December 14 and 23, 2011, Yadav Singh awarded civic works worth Rs 954.38 crore. \"Normally, the Authority spends around Rs 2,000 crore on such works in an entire financial year,\" said a senior official, adding that Singh \"blatantly ignored warnings and disapprovals\" of consultant agencies RITES and IIT-Delhi and instead sanctioned several disapproved proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16104431", "title": "Green fee may be implemented by September first week: Shimla municipal Commissioner", "text": "SHIMLA: The Shimla municipal corporation will start charging green tax on all vehicles bearing non-HP registration from the first week of September. It will charge Rs 100, Rs 200 and Rs 300 from two-wheelers, cars and SUVs respectively. Heavy vehicles, including buses and trucks, will be charged Rs 500.The Union government has given its permission in writing to the MC on Thursday, to implement the green fee. Earlier, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) had allowed the implementation of fee in principle.\"Though we wanted to implement the green fee system from September 1 itself, it will take four-five days to execute it as the bidder has to complete the official formalities and install the entire paraphernalia. But we are hopeful that it will be levied from the first week of September,\" commissioner M P Sood said on Friday. The move is expected to generate an income of Rs 6 crores annually.This proposed entry fee would be a onetime levy on all two-wheelers, cars, SUVs, buses and other big vehicles including trucks that do not bear registration number of HP .The implementation has been delayed by a year as the Shimla MC had unanimously adopted a resolution for it in August 2011 and sent a proposal to the Himachal government to allow the imposition of green fee. The government had given its nod earlier this year and the MC had floated tenders in February-March this year, to outsource the collection process at four barriers -- Dhalli, Tara Devi, Tutu and Mehli. However, no bids were received for tenders. The bids were finalized later, in April, but could not be implemented for want of NOC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16095500", "title": "Four accused of attacking scribes held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as four out of eight accused in the journalist assault case were arrested by the police late on Friday evening, lawlessness continued in the university with a student, son of a university employee, beaten up by rowdy elements in Subhash hostel. The four accused arrested include student leader Ved Prakash Yadav and his three aides Babloo Yadav, Sanjay Singh and Ashok Yadav. On the other hand, student leaders continued to move around in their SUVs with impunity.Meanwhile, the executive body members of the Lucknow University Teachers Association (LUTA) on Friday met the vice-chancellor and asked him to order scrutiny of all the admissions done in postgraduate courses this year to find out if some student leaders who were expelled earlier had managed to sneak into the university again.Over 200 students, including student leaders with criminal antecedents, were expelled from the university in 2006-07. However, after Samajwadi Party came to power this year in March and announced to revive students union, some expelled leaders reportedly took admissions in the university to contest elections. Admissions in postgraduate courses are conducted at the department level. There is no mechanism in LU to cross-check the past record of students. The details regarding disciplinary action are kept at the proctor office.The LUTA executive also demanded that university should also check the credentials of the students who have taken admissions in postgraduate courses three years after completing their graduation. Teachers said that there was a possibility of students taking admissions in postgraduate courses only for contesting union elections. Serious students, they said, usually take admission in post graduation within a year or two after graduation. Teachers also demanded police verification of all the students who file nominations for the Union polls.The vice-chancellor assured teachers to fulfill all their demands. The university has already ordered a probe to find out how a former student leader, Ram Singh Rana, managed to renew his admission for PhD. Rana, who is associated with the Samajwadi Party, had enrolled for PhD in the social works department in 2005-06 but was expelled during the cleansing drive. As per the rules, he cannot be admitted again and renewing PhD admission is possible only on the recommendations of the research guide and clearance of head of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16108670", "title": "Naroda massac: The veil came off", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Theirs is a tale of guts and glory. The road to justice was an no easy road to walk, but these women witnesses in the Naroda massacre case stood strong. Kauser Bano, Shakila Bano and Nasreen Sheikh, shunned all inhibitions to testify against more than 10 convicts in the case, are women of rare mettle. Such is their story that Naroda Patia residents are mulling over ways to honour these women.\"February 28, 2002 was one of the most horrifying day of our lives. Life later was much more difficult. When I decided to become a witness for months I woke up at midnight due to a scary dream,\" said Nasrin, 25. The three ladies who had hardly ventured out of their houses in their life before, becoming witnesses and ultimately proved to be vital in nailing the convicts. \"In our family, women are hardly involved with legal matters. But this case needed us. Though it took a toll on our lives we didn't back out,\" said Kauser.\"A lot of people advised us otherwise and even we sensed the danger. Threats were common to all the witnesses but we promised ourselves to not be deterred and told SIT and court all that we had seen on that day,\" said Shakila, 35. The trio now plans to continue working for social causes and wants to motivate women in their community to raise their voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16103475", "title": "Colaba gets highest rainfall since Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars who experienced a light drizzle for most part of Thursday were in for a surprise when it started pouring in the evening. The rain\u2014in the island city\u2014did not stop till early Friday morning. In fact, rainfall between Thursday and Friday has been the season's highest so far.Between Thursday and Friday, Colaba got 112.6mm rainfall, out of which, about 108mm was recorded in just 15 hours. Santa Cruz, on the other hand, got just 11.2mm. \"There is a dense patch of cloud over the west coast, because of which, there has been good rainfall over Konkan and Goa. Mumbai too has benefited,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at Indian Meteorological Department.The weather department said monsoon has strengthened. \"The offshore trough running from coastal Maharashtra to the Kerala coast persists,\" said Rajeev.Most of Friday, though, saw little rainfall. Colaba recorded 10.6mm and Santa Cruz got only traces between 8:30am and 5:30pm. The met department, though, said it is not yet the end of showers. \"The patch of cloud is still there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "16090050", "title": "Stunt on train costs Andheri youth his life", "text": "DOMBIVLI: A 22-year-old youth travelling in a local train died after he accidentally hit a pole on Friday afternoon between Dombivli and Thakurli railway stations.Milind Patiyane, (22), a resident of Andheri, worked in a private courier company in Santa Cruz. The Dombivli GRP said the incident took place at around 12.45pm. The deceased was on his way to Kalyan and was standing on the footboard.Witnesses told the police that the train was empty and the victim had stretched his arm outside when a pole hit him. He lost control and fell from the train.The Dombivli GRP took him to the nearby Shastrinagar hospital, but he was declared dead.Police officials said the youth was listening to music on his mobile phone. When they reached the accident spot, they heard music blaring on the loudspeaker.According to a GRP official, such stunts are common among the youth on local trains; they mostly try and hit passengers travelling in trains coming from the opposite direction. But sometimes, the stunts prove fatal for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16109269", "title": "Dirty dishes drive 30% to divorce", "text": "LONDON: One third of couples get divorced over dirty dishes and their partner not helping around the house, a survey has found. Although, infidelity and drifting apart still remain the most common reasons for a marriage breakdown, domestic issues play a part in three out of 10 divorces.According to the research, the wife or husband having an affair causes 40% of divorces, followed by drifting apart (35%), the Daily Express reported.Whatever the main cause, the poll of 1,000 adults, for a cleaning product firm, found 56% of the couples cite day-to-day domestic issues as a \"major factor\" when ending a marriage.As many as 59% said it is difficult staying in a relationship when one partner is not helping around the house.Leaving things lying around topped the list of concerns most likely to lead to a row. Others included neglecting the washing up and not putting dirty clothes in the laundry basket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16099794", "title": "Old potholes resurface, Nashik Municipal Corporation wants 15 more days to fix roads", "text": "NASHIK: With heavy showers in the city on Thursday having created more potholes and damaging those already filled, officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) have now said that the civic body would require another a fortnight to fill all potholes.The officials added that some potholes that were exposed due to the rains including the ones that could not be filled up due to the heavy downpour would take some time to fill.The potholes at Central Bus Stand, Shalimar, Boys Town School, Dwarka, Mahamarg, Tidke colony, Canada Corner, CIDCO and parts of Sharanpur Road and Gangapur Road have been cause for concern for motorists.\"If the skies clear up immediately after they did following Friday's downpour , we might be able to fill up the potholes quickly. But if it rains continually for a few more days we will have to wait before we can begin any kind of road repair like fixing potholes. This is why we are keeping a margin of 15 days,\" said an engineer.As for the usage of cold mix, a senior engineer said that the department would take a review of its viability after ten days. \"If gravel, murum and sand are packed properly in the potholes, these can be covered sufficiently well,\" said the engineer.During this monsoon, the NMC had started filling up potholes in the city from the suburbs and extended the work towards the main areas of the city from July-end.A month later, some parts are yet to be covered and the old ones have resurfaced after Thursdays' rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16109177", "title": "Battle of the bust", "text": "The election of the United States' next president is surely the most important contest in the democratic world. Yet the issues being contested can seem awfully trivial. Consider, for instance, the question of Winston Churchill's bust.A bronze sculpture of the British prime minister had been in the Oval Office of the White House since the 1960s. On becoming President, Barack Obama replaced it with a bust of Abraham Lincoln . Mitt Romney , his Republican opponent in November's election, has vowed to restore it if he wins. Then a White House spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises, just in a different room, whereupon the story changed : there were apparently two busts of Churchill; one still in the White House, and one that Obama returned to the British embassy.Why would anyone care about this? One answer was provided by two of Mitt Romney's advisers, who stated that their candidate particularly valued the \"special relationship\" with Britain because of the shared \"Anglo-Saxon heritage.\" This heritage, they claimed, was not sufficiently \"appreciated\" by the current president. When this bizarre statement, with its racist undertones, threatened to become a scandal, Romney quickly distanced himself from it. But how else is his peculiar nostalgia for Churchill's bust to be understood?In fact, the phrase \"Anglo-Saxon\" is not often heard any more in the US, where the majority of the population has not been of Anglo-Saxon origin for a long time (which is also true of Britain's largest cities). When Americans use the term, it is usually to differentiate white Americans from the rest, which is not something that most Americans, least of all presidential candidates, would now choose to do in public.Even Churchill himself did not speak of Anglo-Saxons much. He talked about \"the British race\" or the \"English-speaking peoples.\" The so-called 'special relationship' between Britain and the US, certainly prized by Churchill, was not so much racial as it was a product of World War II - and a rather complicated one at that.During the war, Churchill and Roosevelt shared the idea that once Germany and Japan were defeated, British and US military forces should act as global policemen. They believed that the world would be safe from future Hitlers if it were, at least for some time, under the enlightened leadership of the democratic English-speaking peoples. By the end of the war, however, Britain was too exhausted. The country was bankrupt and His Majesty's colonial subjects were growing restive. The future belonged to the US and the Soviet Union , neither of which had sentimental feelings about the British Empire, let alone the \"Anglo-Saxons.\"But the British elite, fully aware of their country's decline, took the 'special relationship' with the US very seriously, for it was the only way for Britain to feel like it was still a major power, unlike, say, France. They still do. Churchill certainly saw it that way, but so did Tony Blair , who presented George W Bush with the second Churchill bust.Americans, on the whole, have far less interest than the British in the 'special relationship.' But they are often sentimental about Churchill. He is the man whom many American presidents would like to emulate, not because of any racial affinities, but because of his allure as a wartime leader. And, like British empire-builders in the past, US elites often claim a moral mission to remake the world in America's image.Churchill, in other words, became a symbol of presidential hubris in the US, even as the 'special relationship' can be viewed as a symbol of British decline. Too much power corrupts, as we all know. Hubristic presidents contemplating Churchill's bust in their office are prone to believe that they have been called upon to be 'war presidents' - that they, like Churchill in 1940, must oppose the next Hitler . This siren song drew the US into Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq . So, when Obama decided to remove Churchill's bust from his office in 2008, this struck me as a very sensible gesture.But now Romney wants him back. Whatever else he might be, Romney does not come across as a convincing war leader. Businessmen rarely are. Yet he likes to portray himself as a tough patriot, and Obama as an un-American wimp.Perhaps Romney wants another war, in which he can play Churchill. Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Romney really is feeling sentimental about the \"Anglo-Saxon heritage,\" even as Asian power grows. If so, nostalgia for Churchill is hardly a sign of American vitality, but more like a romantic rearguard battle, typical of a country in decline.The writer teaches at Bard College , USA .Copyright: Project Syndicate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16104780", "title": "9 held as minor's rape &amp; murder shocks Tawang", "text": "ITANAGAR: Eight persons, including a woman, have been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a girl on August 28 in Lhou village of Tawang district on the India-China border.The incident has created massive public outcry in Tawang with locals raiding the Tawang police station and the office of the deputy commissioner on Thursday. They demanded that the arrested persons be handed over to them. The mob allegedly pelted stones at the DCP's office and damaged a vehicle, sources said on Friday.According to Tawang DCP Kemo Lollen, the deceased girl went missing from home on August 28. Later that night, police found her body in Shyro village near Tawang town. She had a deep head injury.The mob also vandalized a Border Road Task Force (BRTF) labourers' house suspecting their involvement in case, sources said. Locals said they would take out a candle light march in the area on Friday condemning the incident and praying for the peace of the departed soul.This is the first such case Tawang which is known as the most peaceful district of the state. The DCP said the situation was under control now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "canonsburg (usa)", "code": "16130580", "title": "Rahil Gangjee makes halfway cut at Mylan Classic, Daniel Chopra misses out", "text": "CANONSBURG (USA): Rahil Gangjee made the halfway cut despite dropping three bogeys on the back-nine in the second round of the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club.Gangjee carded two-over 73 and that alongside his first round 67 placed him at two-under 140 and in tied 45th place, a sharp fall from his overnight 12th position.Starting on the 10th, Gangjee birdied his opening hole, but had a roller-coaster of a ride with a bogey on the 11th, birdie on 12th and then a bogey on the 16th to turn in even-par.On the second nine, Gangjee dropped bogeys on first, fifth and seventh and birdied the sixth.Indian-origin Swede Daniel Chopra (71-74) missed the cut, which came at two-under.Canada's Brad Fritsch fired a seven-under 64 and moved into the lead at the halfway point.Fritsch is at 12-under 130 for his first two trips around the Southpointe Golf Club, one shot better than veteran Cliff Kresge (65).Casey Witenberg carded a four-under 67 in the afternoon to reach 10-under 132 and is alone in third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16097389", "title": "Special teams hunting for men who stole gold", "text": "CHENNAI: Two special police teams are in Madurai on the trail of two men who are suspected to have stolen five kg of gold jewellery worth 1.5 crore from two Mumbai-based workers on a Chennai-bound bus on Wednesday.The two suspects had got off at suburban Peerkankaranai near Tambaram. Investigations revealed that one of the suspects had booked tickets at the office of the bus operator in Madurai in the name of Suraj. The mobile phone number furnished was found to be fake, police said.Police are also looking into whether the Mumbai-based workers themselves 'stage managed the theft'. St Thomas Mount deputy commissioner of police A Saravanan said, \"we are questioning a number of people, including the driver, conductor and cleaner of the bus. We are also investigating how the booking was made.\"Manoj, 23, and Kushal Pal Singh, 22, employees of Mumbai-based wholesale jeweller Sanjay Jain, came by train from Mumbai to Coimbatore with 5.712 kg of gold jewels. From Coimbatore, they went to Madurai on August 28 and after transaction with two jewelers, left for Chennai on a private bus the same day.The next morning, after finding the gold missing they informed the driver. They called their employer who suggested they lodge a complaint. They approached the Koyambedu police who suggested that they approach the DCP Anna Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16094433", "title": "Expert panel bats for Bio Diversity Park reservation", "text": "PUNE: In what could be termed as a moral victory for hundreds of citizens who had pressed for a Green Development Plan for the 23 fringe villages, the state government-appointed expert committee has recommended execution of the Bio Diversity Park (BDP) reservation on 905.54 hectares in these villages.The six-member committee headed by K B Jain, dean, faculty of doctoral studies, center for environmental planning and technology, Ahmedabad, has strongly recommended that the BDP reservation - though not a zone as recommended by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) - on the hills, forest and other green areas in these villages should stay and not be canceled.The committee has recommended that the PMC should execute the BDP as a \"mission development\" since it will improve the quality of life in Pune city. A task force comprising all stakeholders from the government and from among the citizens should be set up to accomplish the mission. \"Corporate bodies may also come forward to participate in the mission,\" the committee has said.The PMC had recommended BDP zoning on 978.54 hectares spread across seven hills. The committee recommended that 73 hectares proposed under BDP zone be deleted and included in residential zone to honour \"committed development\".Thus, the expert committee has proposed to provide a relief to the developers and land owners on these 73 hectares where layouts for construction activity had already been sanctioned. \"The reservation would finally have the area of 905.54 hectares, on the exclusion of 73 hectares on which the development permission should be honoured,\" the report said.Though the report was submitted on May 10, 2012, it was not made public and the state government is yet to formally announce its final stand on the BDP reservation. However, the recommendations of the expert committee in favour of BDP reservation have come as short in arm for environmentalist and civic activists who are pressing for a 'Green DP' under the aegis of Green Pune Movement. The representatives of the movement got a copy of the report through the Right to Information (RTI) Act.\"We have been battling to save our city for many years. The fight for a BDP reservation started in 2002. It is very important to note that this plan, which was known as the Green DP, was passed by the General Body of the PMC twice with progressively more support from the corporators. The only corporators who did not vote for it were from the Bharatiya Janata Party ,\" Aneeta Gokhale Benninger, a member of the group, told TOI.One of the main objections raised by those opposed to the BDP was that the PMC will have to shell out a huge sum to acquire the BDP land. Benninger pointed out that the expert committee has ruled that the PMC will be required to offer just 4% Transfer of Development for BDP land acquisition.THE RECOMMENDATIONS* BDP reservation on 905.54 hectares* 73 hectares deleted from BDP* Committed development to be honoured* 4% TDR as compensation for BDP land acquisition* PMC advised to form task force to execute BDP as a mission* PMC should start the process of fencing the BDP land", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16095523", "title": "Maharashtra wary of Chhattisgarh challenge in West Zone badminton tournament", "text": "NAGPUR: Around a year ago at Bhopal, Maharashtra have made a clean sweep by winning all the four titles in the West Zone Badminton Championships. The reason was simple - they were the strongest and major opponent, Chhattisgarh, were a depleted lot.However, this has reversed now. Maharashtra are weakened by the absence of Sagar Chopda and Eshan Naqvi, while Chhattisgarh have emerged as the strongest team of the region with the likes of Shreyansh Jaiswal, Ventat Gaurav, Sanyam Shukla and Manish Gupta in their ranks.It will be interesting to see how Maharashtra tackle the talented Chhattisagarh squad in the two-day annual event which will get underway at Valsad on Saturday.Madhya Pradesh, Goa and hosts Gujarat are the other teams in the fray. Players from five states will battle for the honours in the senior (men's and women's) and junior (U-19 boys and girls) section.The Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) has decided to send Bhushan Akut as the coach of the side. The presence of former international star, who also happens to be a selector, will surely add value to the team.\"The selection of the teams have been done on merit and current form. We have a very balanced squad. I think we should be able to retain all our four titles. My duty will be to motivate the team to perform better. I hope I can share my knowledge with the youngsters,\" Akut told TOI from Valsad.Maharashtra had beaten Chhattisgarh 3-0 in the men's final at Bhopal to avenge their defeat at Goa, a couple of years ago. The women's team had blanked hosts MP 2-0 to retain the title.\"I heard this year, Chhattisgarh team is very good. They have a couple of players who have been doing quite well on the national circuit. Shreyansh Jaiswal is one of them. However, we have the depth and talent. Our doubles teams are formidable. We should be able to make clean sweep,\" said Akut.In the junior category, Maharashtra will face tough challenge from Gujarat and Chhattisagh. Last year, Maharashtra had trounced Gujarat in both boys and girls finals.For the first time in the history, three city girls - Rasika Raje, Swatika Butey and Vaishnavi Bhale - have been selected in the state junior team. Another city shuttler Sarang Lakhanee is the key member of the men's team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16122952", "title": "Shirdi Sai film exhibitors\u2019 unique gesture in USA", "text": "Nagarjuna-starrer Shirdi Sai movie is all set for release on September 6. Sree Lakshmi Sai Films, which has obtained the overseas theatrical distribution rights of the film, is distributing 100 Kgs of Prasadam and 30 Kgs Vibhoothy to all the audience at the theaters.Upon the local temple authorities' request, the exhibitor in USA is also planning to release the film with English sub titles to reach the non-Telugu audiences too. Shirdi Sai is releasing in more than 75 centers in US apart from Australia, Dubai, UK, Singapore, Canada, South Africa, Uganda, Germany etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16103194", "title": "Hushed huddle at Dagdi Chawl", "text": "MUMBAI: The residents of Dagdi Chawl in Byculla, where Arun Gawli lives, were disappointed at the life term awarded to \"Daddy\" , as they call him.Once an impregnable fortress where keen eyes scanned every newcomer, Dagdi Chawl seemed to have let down its defences on Friday. The big iron gate leading to the compound was open, so was the temple in the building premises.Gawli lives on the third floor of Geetai building inside the compound and has an office on the second floor. Most residents of Geetai and shop owners outside the compound, held their silence.\"Daddy is still the godfather of the locality and irrespective of his background we are all deeply sad at the judgment,\" said an elderly gentleman who spoke on condition of anonymity. As a cluster of neighbours gathered around, he said, \"The law may claim to know what it is doing but the issue (of his conviction) runs deeper than it appears. The sentence will definitely go in appeal to the higher courts, there is no doubt about it. There is a calm on the surface and everybody is going about their daily tasks, but within the compound, we all feel that life term is too harsh a sentence.\"The family priest of the Gawlis, Avadhoot Phanaswadikar, who also lives in the chawl, said, \"We all are standing by the family at this difficult moment.\"Neighbours called on his wife Asha and daughter Geeta through the day. \"I have lived here since my childhood. I firmly believe Daddy had nothing to do with the murder of Kamlakar Jamsandekar, this is the dirty picture of dirty politics,\" said an articulate supporter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-01"}
