{"city": "None", "code": "12745134", "title": "Dhanush and Aishwarya gifts a house to Kasthuriraja", "text": "Dhanush and Aishwarya Dhanush have reportedly gifted a house to director Kasthuriraja. The father of Dhanush and father-in-law of Aishwarya produced 3, which marked the latter's entry into Kollywood as a director.In a bid to thank Kasthuriraja for his kind gesture, the couple presented with a house reportedly on the day the film released. The Kolaveri di song in 3 went on to become a chartbuster and according to Dhanush and Aishwarya, the film is a success despite contradictory reports surfacing.It is worth recalling that Aishwarya's father Rajinikanth distanced himself from 3 after reports surfaced that he will settle the losses incurred by the distributors in distributing this film.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738164", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation to acquire Gandhi Bhawan", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) on Thursday decided to acquire the historic Gandhi Bhawan at Beliaghata and a ground adjacent to it known as Gandhi Maidan. The UBI had recently published a notice for auctioning the property.A resolution for acquisition was adopted at a mayor-in-council meeting of KMC. The 16-cottah plot known as Gandhi Maidan, which UBI had been planning to auction, is the ground where Gandhiji had prayed for 25 consecutive days in 1947 in the wake of communal riots. The individual who owned the 31-cottah plot comprising both Gandhi Bhawan and Gandhi Maidan had taken a loan from UBI around 50 years ago and mortgaged the 16-cottah Gandhi Maidan to the bank. UBI had taken possession of the land long ago as neither the individual (now dead) nor did his heirs repay the debt. The bank now wants to auction it.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee told reporters after the meeting that municipal commissioner Arnab Roy would take up the matter with UBI. \"We must protect the historic building and the adjacent ground. We may have to go in for acquisition of the plot eventually,\" Chatterjee said.West Bengal Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya too has taken up the matter with governor M K Narayanan. \"I have written to the governor, requesting him to intervene in the matter so that the historic building and the ground are saved,\" he said on Thursday.This apart, the state Congress leadership has convened a protest rally against auction of the heritage property. \"A rally will be taken out from Barrackpore's Gandhi Ghat next week. We have to protect the heritage site at any cost,\" a party spokesman said.Bhattacharya said he had also taken up the matter with UBI chairman and requested him to go for acquisition of the historic site. \"I feel that the initiative for acquisition should come from the nationalized bank itself. I have taken up the matter with the UBI chairman and advised him in this regard.We should not let the property go to some private individual through an auction,\" he said.The Pradesh Congress chief, however, felt if the civic body was really interested in taking possession of the plot or acquiring the heritage property, the process should start right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740910", "title": "A lecture, film to deter traffic offenders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to deter traffic offenders, the Chandigarh traffic police will show a documentary film to offenders when they go to submit their challan fees. The film will show the loss suffered by families due to road accidents and motivate drivers to follow traffic rules.The film will be part of the 30-minute road safety lecture that will be mandatory for drivers involved in traffic violations to hear before they are given their impounded documents back at the traffic challaning branch in Sector 29.\"Apart from the lecture and the film, road safety tips and pamphlets will also be given to traffic offenders. These lectures will help drivers to refresh their memory on traffic rules,\" said Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of the Chandigarh police, while launching the road safety documentary film to educate drivers and general public here on Thursday. Around 150 drivers/offenders attended the mandatory lecture on Thursday. There was an interactive session, where people also asked questions from the cops. This documentary film will be also uploaded on the Facebook page of the traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12740337", "title": "Pull up socks on NREGA, Jairam tells Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka, reeling under severe drought, has received a body blow: the Centre has withheld its next instalment of grant to a rural job scheme citing five shortcomings in its implementation in the state.\"The release of the next instalment of the central share (for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme) to the state depends very crucially on how it is able to spend the funds already available with it,\" Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh wrote to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Thursday.Ramesh has found defects in monitoring, work completion rate, delay in electronic transfer of wages, inadequate action on complaints and inconsistencies in financial statements. He has asked the chief minister to act immediately to resolve these issues.As a first step, Ramesh has asked the state government to create a separate quality-monitoring cell to ensure the productivity and sustainability of assets created under the programme. Besides, he wants work completion - already low - to be documented properly. \"Once works are over, completion certificates need to be issued on priority.''The letter says Karnataka needs to expedite the electronic transfer of the wages to workers' accounts. The state should roll out an e-fund management system in all districts within six months to ensure timely payment of wages.Another issue flagged is inadequate action on complaints received from the public and elected representatives on the implementation of the programme. \"Despite pending action-taken reports on the complaints and an adequate opening balance on April 1, 2012, we have just released Rs 700 crore for 2012-13,'' Ramesh has written.The Union minister has also pointed out inconsistencies in financial statements. The state government had, in an April 2 letter, said it had a negative balance of Rs 356 crore as on March 31. However the national MGNREGA software shows Rs 391 crore was available at the end of March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739199", "title": "State to announce new road policy", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government would soon come up with a new policy for construction of roads, minister for public works department (PWD) Bharat Singh announced in the assembly on Thursday. The present policy has been there since 1994.The minister also announced to connect nearly 3,000 villages, which could not be covered by the Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana, with the tar roads under the newly framed Mahatma Gandhi State Sadak Yojana.\"The new policy for roads would accommodate the state government's intention to strengthen the decentralization of power,\" the minister told the House.During the debate on the department's vote on accounts, BJP legislator Anita Bhadel raised the issue of alleged corruption by senior officials in the project for construction of the 'Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics \" opposite the SMS Hospital in Jaipur.A portion of the under construction building fell in June last year. A private firm was allotted the construction work amounting to Rs 7.57 crore. It was alleged that Chiranji Lal, the then chief engineer and presently secretary PWD, and his subordinate Prem Changulani, the superintending engineer, initially found the company guilty of using wrong methods of shuttering, but later contradicted their report to shield the company.Bhadel told the minister that his department's senior officials were misleading him in the corruption case wherein even excess payment was allegedly made to the private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740820", "title": "Mini GIM will encourage young entrepreneurs", "text": "MYSORE: Here is a platform for young entrepreneurs planning to venture into business.Mysore Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (MCCI), in association with Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry, Karnataka Udyog Mithra, Karnataka Industrial Areas' Development Board ( KIADB), tourism department, and Karnataka State Small Industries' Development Corporation, has organized a seminar on Mysore Zonal Business and Infrastructure Development Summit (Mysore zone investors' meet) on May 4.Speaking to TOI, MCCI president and organizer of the seminar, Sudhakar S Shetty, said the first-of-its-kind event is unique by being a seminar-cum-Mysore zone investors' meet. It is aimaed at encouraging young entrepreneurs who have just finished their graduation and dream of starting up a business project on their own.This investors' meet is only for entrepreneurs of Mysore zone, which includes Mandya, Hassan, Kodagu, Chikmagalur and Chamarajanagar districts.Shetty said nearly Rs 5,000-crore investment for various projects like food-processing units, resorts, hotels, manufacturing units, etc are expected from investors. Already, nearly 60 investors have come forwarded to invest Rs 1,500 crore for various projects through this meet. On the eve of the event, an interaction programme with different banks has been organized to help the participants get loans for their ventures. \"Prominence will be given to young entrepreneurs and farmers to start food-processing units, hotels and resorts as Mysore is a tourism place,\" Shetty said, and added that the event also educates the participants about various schemes available for entrepreneurs.Experts will also give solution to the problems of young and aspiring entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740749", "title": "Serial murderer sailed through police checks", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara murder of Arunkumar Tikku calls into question the process the police use to screen those who rent apartments in housing societies. It turns out that the Oshiwara police did not verify any of the details submitted to them by main accused Vijay Palande's German \"wife\" Nives Ligensa, in whose name the rental agreement was made. However, police still attested the documents given to them. After the flat was rented out, two paying guests came to stay there. They murdered Tikku on April 7.Had police done a proper verification, Tikku Sr may have been alive today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12743725", "title": "Dilson murder: Retd Army officer gets life term for killing Chennai teenager", "text": "CHENNAI: Retired lieutenant colonel Kandasamy Ramaraj, a former Army officer, has been sentenced to life imprisonment and a total fine of Rs 60,000 after he was convicted of shooting dead 13-year-old K Dilson on July 3, 2011. The boy had gone to the Fort Glacis Army Officers' Enclave near Secretariat to gather almonds along with his friends when the incident occurred.R Radha, judge, 19th additional district and sessions court, convicted Ramaraj on Friday morning.He was sentenced to life and fined Rs 40000 for the offence of murder under section 302 IPC. He was also sentenced to three years' simple imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5000 under section 27 of the Indian Arms Act, 1959 along with one year simple imprisoment and a combined fine of Rs 5000 under sections 25(1)(B)(a) and (h) of the Arms Act.Directing that the sentence was to run concurrently, the judge said the total fine amount was Rs 60000. Of this, Rs 50000 should be paid to the boy's mother, Kalaivani, as compensation.After the incident occurred, officials from the Fort police station conducted the investigation before it was handed to CB-CID. Ramraj was arrested by CB-CID sleuths on July 10.Prison officers were quoted as saying that he told them that the boys would often trespass into the compound and create a nuisance. He shot them in a fit of rage, they said.Sources said, Ramaraj's wife, who lived with him in the enclave, was upset on hearing about the incident as it had occurred soon after his retirement. The couple was due to vacate their quarters that week. Sources added that Ramaraj and his wife didn't eat food on July 3 after the incident.After the arrest of Ramaraj on July 10 by the CB-CID police, his wife moved to Madurai. Ramraj is a native of Ezhumalai village, Usilampatti near Madurai.Ramaraj was produced before Saidapet metropolitan magistrate court when the chargesheet was filed in August, 2011.He was charged with murder, destruction of evidence and possession of an unlicensed weapon.When the judge asked him on Friday if he had anything to say about the sentence before the order was passed, Ramaraj said, \"I am innocent. I have served in the Army for 40 years. A false case has been foisted on me.\"His advocates said they planned to appeal against the sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12742840", "title": "The Lucky one is not a romantic fantasy: Nicholas Sparks", "text": "Renowned author Nicholas Sparks speaks on his novels, their film adaptations and Zac Efron. The Lucky One starring Zac Efron is based on Sparks' novel by the same name. The film releases in India on 4th May 2012.Would you say Romantic fiction is your forte?I think it's literature, not romantic fantasy. Romantic fantasy has its long roots in the fairytales of The Brothers Grimm. It's Cinderella. It's Snow White. It's the woman meets the guy and he falls in love with her and they live happily ever after. That's not what I do. These have a different literary history in the long run, and while I'm not claiming to be William Shakespeare , this is a love story. Two ordinary people. They have these things that prevent them from falling in love. They fall in love anyway. And just when you think there's going to be this happily ever after ending, it kind of spins off in a direction you may or may not have expected. If you look at The Lucky One, you have a lot of different emotions. You have betrayal, jealousy, anger. Yes , they fall in love. But that's only one of the emotions we're going through.Did you think Zac Efron was too young to play Logan in the film?Oh, he's perfect. Logan is someone who has been to Afghanistan three or four times. In the novel, it was three times. I think I had him maybe two years older in the novel but it's essentially the same. I used to coach track and field in my hometown of New Bern, North Carolina and my former athletes have been to Afghanistan and back and are going again. And they're twenty. They're twenty! I mean, Zac's kind of an old man at 24, you might say. So, he portrayed that incredibly well. And when you're looking for a role like Logan Thibault, this is a tougher role than it seems. You have a lot of nobility and integrity in the role, but you also have this deep wound. He's the guy who's lost all his friends and how do you react to that? You really wanted an actor who could pull off what I would consider to be a challenging role.Is The Lucky One a guy's film too?If you read The Lucky One, it's a great men's book. I mean, Logan is a guy's guy. He is a Marine. He went through war. You have plenty of those scenes. The world is what it is. You know, girls are going to go see these more than guys. I know that. I'm fine with that.The film has a lot of variations on the love theme.I'm in a very blessed position in that the people who read my novels range in age from, you know, ten years old to a hundred. And so when I sit down to write a novel, the first question that I decide is what are the ages of the characters that are falling in love? Because that's going to inform dilemmas--how old their parents are, whether they have kids, all of this. That's why Twilight is very popular in high school because it's about high school kids. So, I'm confronted with, all right, I've got Logan and Beth and they're in their twenties. How am I going to make Beth's mother like this book?Have you written anything specifically aimed at the young adult market?Yeah, A Walk to Remember. The Last Song.So many bestselling authors are getting into the field right now.I think it's fine. I'm a big fan of reading in general. It has added so much joy to my own life. I do not aim a book specifically at teens, though. If you look at A Walk to Remember, this was a father-daughter story too. This was a father-daughter story and that was how I touch this other age group. If you look at The Last Song, it was a father-daughter story.Who did you read growing up?Stephen King . I read everything. I was a very avid reader and that's the author I probably have the most respect for just because of the breadth and depth of his work. He's done everything from O. Henry-winning short stories to some of the classic novellas of our time, whether it's Rita Hayworth and The Shawshank Redemption or Stand by Me, which was called The Body. He's done epic novels, serial novels, mirrored novels, first person, third person. The dude's a machine. I don't know. One day, when I grow up, I want to be like Stephen King. I want to have just his talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12743950", "title": "Tartra truck bribery issue: CBI records Army chief General VK Singh's statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has gone to the office of Army chief General VK Singh and recorded his statement in the matter of alleged bribery offer.Singh had alleged that Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh had met him at his office on September 22, 2010 and offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore on behalf of Vectra group chairman Ravi Rishi, for clearing a deal of substandard Tatra trucks for the Army.The Army chief made this allegation in a media interview that developed into a major controversy. Defence minister AK Antony promptly ordered the CBI to probe the matter \"comprehensively\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738824", "title": "It\u2019s curtains for Anand theatre", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is curtains for the well-known Anand theatre on SP Road in Secunderabad. The popular landmark, one of the last single-screen theatres standing in the city, is all set to join Sangeet on the long list of demolished independent cinemas. The property, which is likely to be pulled down shortly, had got entangled in a protracted legal wrangle before passing into the hands of the GVK group. The company, incidentally, has its Paigah House office right next door to the theatre.Officials at GVK confirmed their ownership of the property but refused to divulge details of future plans. Isaac George, the GVK chief financial officer, said: \"Yes, we do own the property now. But I would not like to say anything more on Anand theatre.\"There is a speculation that either a star hotel or a multiplex or even a mall may come up on this prime plot although GVK remains tightlipped. The theatre has been closed for months now and has an 'under renovation' board placed at the entrance. However, no activity is visible on the property which has just the lone watchman minding it. Observers noted that the property is often visited by a group of officials who appear as if they are on inspection.The property was earlier owned by Begum Husmuthanissa (of Aasman Jah family) who had entered into an agreement with Jay Narayan Misra to have the theatre built. The theatre was constructed in 1980 and, as per the agreement, Misra was supposed to run it for 42 years following which he would return it to the owner.However, much before the 42-year period could lapse, Begum Husmuthanissa passed away and the partnership (between her and JN Misra) stood dissolved. Her legal heirs took over the property in 2001 but the move was contested by the Misras who took the case to Supreme Court but lost in 2011. Not many people are aware that GVK group acquired the rights to the property after the Misra family lost the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12741034", "title": "Kids, adults now game for traditional Assamese sports", "text": "GUWAHATI: With latest gizmos and gadgets packed with all sorts of means of entertainment getting cheaper, very few children of the state were playing traditional Assamese games like Thengal d'Or, Dhop khel, Dhora Hao, Bonda Boha Hao and others. But believed to be heading for extinction, these popular games of the past are slowly returning and can be further popularized and restored. Apart from children, these games are also generating interest among adults with cultural institutions offering a platform to highlight Assam's culture.Pabitra Baruah, a Kori Khel expert, said: \"This game was almost extinct, but now there is some kind of interest among people. This revival can be attributed to curiosity about culture and heritage among the people. It will take some time to bear fruit, but it is still a positive trend.\"He added: \"The state government must take some initiative to popularize these games so that more children adapt to it. I have spoken to several educationists and they have all shown interest to rescue these dying amusements.\"Some traditional Assamese games are even considered unique as they are very different from other forms of conventional aspects of leisure or amusement. For example, Thengal d'Or - a race where participants wear long bamboo stilts on their legs - may sound difficult, but it was a major sport during the Ahom period. Similarly Hao - and its three forms Dhora Hao, Bonda Boha Hao and Digholia Hao - is the local version of Kabaddi. Then there are Kori Khel - a board-and-dice game played with shells, Teng Gooti (gilli-danda), Gheela Khel (hopscotch) and Kukura Joonj (cockfight) among others.\"We tend to play imported games, but at the same time we should also give time to our own traditional games. It is nice to know that people are taking note of it. These were played during the Ahom period by the general people to amuse the royals. But it is difficult to date the exact period when their popularity peaked as we have lost valuable information about them. We must make all effort to save these games,\" said Attaur Rahman, an expert on traditional games and a physical instructor at the directorate of sports and youth welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743028", "title": "Kareena Kapoor says no to Karan Johar", "text": "Kareena Kapoor was the first choice for Karan Johar and Ekta Kapoor's thriller to be directed by a greenhorn. But one hears the reigning diva has turned down this offer.An insider says, \"Kareena was not entirely convinced about the film. She is extremely close to Karan, but the actor wants to do a magnum opus directed by him.''The Karan-Ekta film is likely to start in December 2012 and it will have Emraan Hashmi in the lead. If Kareena had agreed to be a part of it, it would have been her first film with the serial kisser.Kareena, who is down with a throat infection and fever, texted us saying,\"The \" Heroine\" schedule has been very gruelling. It has taken its toll on me. Too much crying and shouting in the film.''She admitted that she is not doing the Karan-Ekta thriller. \"I said 'no' last week,'' she replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740926", "title": "\u2018Rethink house tax for city development\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the decision of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation not to impose house tax on residential property in the city, the administration has again asked the civic body to reconsider its decision and impose house tax for the development and betterment of the city. The fresh reminder has come at a time when a sub-committee of house tax of MC is going to meet on Friday to discuss the issue at its maiden meeting.According to information, the reminder came as the centre has been consistently asking both the UT administration and Chandigarh MC to impose the tax or else be ready to face a financial crunch for ongoing and upcoming crucial projects of the city.About the MC house's decision against imposing the tax, UT adviser K K Sharma said, \"We have again told the civic body authority to impose the tax on residential property and I feel that they should reconsider it because this issue is related to the development of the entire city. Hopefully, the municipality will sincerely look into the matter.\"The same agenda is coming up for a detailed discussion in the house tax committee meeting on Friday.When asked Sat Parkash Aggarwal, chairman of the house tax committee said, \"The agenda will be placed before all the members for discussion and I'll send a special invitation to municipal commissioner, mayor and assistant commissioner II as special invitees to participate in the meeting so that we get a range of opinion on the issue. I personally feel there is no need to impose any tax.\"In the last house meeting, the executive body had placed the UT's letter on the issue of imposing house tax on residential property, however all the members had opposed the imposition of tax in a single voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740263", "title": "Buoyant Nationalist Congress Party begins 2014 poll preparation", "text": "PUNE: After emerging as the single largest party in the Pune municipal elections, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) city unit is now gearing for the 2014 assembly elections.Party-appointed observer Bipin Kolhe met with city NCP leaders and workers on Thursday to discuss the pre-election preparations. NCP has decided to appoint two observers each for the eight assembly constituencies in the city.\"The observers will submit the report to the party high command following which appointments of constituency wise presidents and other incumbents will be made.The party wants to start the preparations early so that the network of party workers will be able to reach each and every individual voter,\" said a senior party leader who attended the meeting.In Pune city, where Ajit Pawar wants total control, five of the eight assembly seats are with the BJP-Sena, Congress has two seats and NCP has one.\"The NCP wants to increase its tally in Pune city and district and emerge as the single largest party in the assembly and play an elder brother's role in coalition. This is possible only if Pune district and Western Maharashtra, which is NCP's bastion, gives more MLAs,\" said a senior party leader present for the meeting.Pune district, which is Sharad Pawar's home ground, has 21 assembly constituencies. The NCP has seven seats, while Congress and BJP have four each, followed by Shiv Sena and Independents with three seats each. The BJP-Sena alliance, which has for long wanting to dent Pawar's bastion, now has an equal number of assembly seats with the NCP.Interestingly, five of the six assembly constituencies that make up the Baramati Lok Sabha seat have anti-Pawar MLAs. Congress MLAs Harshwardhan Patil and Sangram Thopte represent Indapur and Bhor assembly constituencies. Patil, a minister in the state cabinet, has locked horns with the Pawars for decades, while Thopte is the son of Anantrao Thopte, a political foe in state politics.Purandar constituency is represented by Vijay Shivtare (Shiv Sena), Daund constituency by Ramesh Thorat (Independent) and Khadakwasla by Bhimrao Tapkir of the BJP. Ajit Pawar holds the Baramati assembly seat.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12738754", "title": "Reds attack again, kill SRPF jawan", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Naxalites shot dead an SRPF jawan at Fulbodi Gutta village under Dhanora tehsil in Gadchiroli district on Thursday morning. Ramaubal Ramdavar Pandey (52), had gone to buy some materials of daily need, when he was caught unawares by the ultras.Police said that Pandey, a native of Hingna in Nagpur, was posted at SRPF camp at Fulbodi Gutta. A fellow jawan of his platoon fell ill in the morning and Pandey volunteered to accompany him to the local public health centre. Pandey and his ailing partner, accompanied by an armed guard went to the PHC, where the patient was admitted for treatment.Pandey left the sentry to guard the patient in the hospital and went to the village grocery shop at around 8.30 am. However, he was caught unaware by the action team of Naxalites that was for uncertain reason was also present at the same shop. The assassins shot Pandey four times with pistols from close range, killing him on the spot. On getting information, security forces rushed to the spot, but the Naxals fled into the jungle. Security forces later removed Pandey's body to Gadchiroli.This is the second incident when an action team of Naxalites carried out assassination in broad day light within a week. On April 13, Naxalites had killed former ZP member Kewal Atkamwar and injured two others in Etapalli village. Fulbodi Gutta is the same place where the CRPF company was headed, when one of its bus was blown up in landmine blast, last month near village Pustola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738673", "title": "Bio-toilets to come up at Vytilla and Palarivattom", "text": "KOCHI: Bio-toilets, a system that existed earlier in a few express trains running across the country, will soon make its way to Kochi city, thanks to the initiative by the corporation.According to corporation officials, bio-toilets will be set up at three locations including Vyttila and Palarivattom junctions during the initial stage. They are expected to be ready in three weeks.\"The land we identified at Vyttila for setting up bio-toilets belongs to the PWD (public works department) and the department was reluctant to hand over the land for the purpose.\"However, following a series of meetings with high-level officials, the department allotted the land to the corporation.\"There are a few more formalities to be completed and once the final approval is given by the authorities from the head office at Thiruvananthapuram, we will set up the toilets. Since there are no bureaucratic tangles surrounding Palarivattom land, the city will have public bio-toilet there within two or three weeks,\" said K J Sohan, town planning committee chairperson of corporation.Meanwhile, sources revealed that five more locations - Cochin Corporation office, Fort Kochi, Kacheripady and locations near the childrens' park opposite to St Teresa's College and Town Hall - have been identified for setting up bio-toilets. But the corporation is yet to announce them officially.Azim Ismail, managing director of Forest Industries Travancore Limited (FITL), a state government undertaking, which has been entrusted with the task of providing bio-toilets, told TOI that unlike e-toilets that just collect human waste, bio-toilets treat the waste and the residue would be odorless gas and water.\"The technology was developed by DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organization) for Indian army and we adopted it. Anaerobic bacteria are present in the container that collects human excreta and they break down waste quickly to produce water that can be used for agricultural purposes. DRDO which is providing the bacteria said that their initial supply will be enough for 50 years if proper maintenance and cleanliness is maintained,\" Azim said.Bio-toilets would be suitable for the situation in Kerala which struggles to deal with waste management. While a single e-toilet costs Rs 5 lakh, the cost of a bio-toilet would be only half that amount, he added.\"A maximum of 400 people can use a toilet per day. The system can treat the waste collected within two days.\"There is an option for powering the interiors with solar power. Local bodies can set it up near railway stations, bus stands and public spaces.\"Timely maintenance will ensure its longevity. Those who are entrusted with the cleaning of the toilets, can collect a nominal amount from the users,\" FITL MD added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12737955", "title": "Hakim outburst puts set-top box rollout at risk", "text": "KOLKATA: Digitization of cable TV network could suffer a setback if the TRAI deadline of June 30 is deferred in Kolkata. It would slow down the distribution of set-top boxes (STB), making it difficult to revive the process all over again at a later date, believes multi-system operators (MSOs).Only a few days back, urban development minister Firhad Hakim pleaded for a deferment arguing that it would be difficult to roll out STBs and that the TRAI has not fixed rates for pay channels or packages. It could lead to a law and order problem in the city, the minister had said.However, operators claimed they were on course to meeting the deadline. More than 2.5 lakh STBs have been installed by Siticable - a leading MSO - in the last few months. It has set a target of 10.5 lakh homes by June 30 - the deadline. According to industry estimates, there are 27 lakh cable homes in the KMA area, of which 2.8 lakh subscribe to direct-to-home (DTH) while 3 lakh have STBs from cable operators.\"More than 8,000 STBs are rolling out in Kolkata everyday. We are importing boxes and supplying them to cable operators at a frantic pace. If there's a postponement now, the process will obviously slow down and eventually falter. Cable operators, who rarely disclose their subscriber base, will refuse to accept the boxes. The whole roll-out process will be affected,\" said Suresh Sethia, director of Siticable. Other MSOs like Digicable and Manthan, too, have been rolling out 7,000-9,000 STBs a day.Cable TV Equipment Traders &amp; Manufacturers' Association (CTMA) secretary K K Binani said the minister pressed the panic button unnecessarily. \"The deadline had been set last November and MSOs have been steadily distributing boxes. Even though cable operators have traditionally resisted boxes, this time they have been accepting them. There is a demand-supply gap but it can be easily sorted out. At the most, there could be a couple of lakhs homes in Kolkata left without STBs when the deadline arrives. An extension could be sought for them. But seeking a deferment now will invite a knee-jerk reaction and it could derail the roll-out process,\" he said.Touted as a major step towards reforming the murky TV network, digitization is expected to boost subscription revenues for broadcasters as it promises to end hefty carriage fee they pay to cable operators. In the absence of an addressable system, the subscription revenue transaction between the broadcasters, MSOs and local cable operators is determined on the basis of fixed fee or negotiated subscriber base.Subscribers have been left confused. While thousands have opted for STBs, the possibility of yet another deferment has left them disheartened. Soumyo Basu of Tollygunge installed a box on his cable operator's advice last March. \"I was told it will be compulsory from July 1. Even though it cost me just Rs 700, it's unfair if my neighbours can do without it,\" he said.It won't be a bad investment, though, cable operators pointed out. \"Sooner or later, digitization will happen. Boxes improve transmission quality and give you access to more channels. So, it makes sense to opt for one,\" said Manik De, a cable operator under the Siticable fold.An STB now costs a consumer between Rs 600 and Rs 800. It is acquired by MSOs for anything between Rs 1,800 and Rs 2,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12738317", "title": "12-year-old kills self", "text": "A 12-year-old girl set herself ablaze on Thursday in Malda after being rebuked by her mother. The incident took place in Aurobinda Colony under English Bazar police station.The victim's mother, a domestic help, scolded her as she refused to go to school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738823", "title": "RTO office undergoes massive makeover", "text": "NAGPUR: Few months ago, if you had visited the Regional Transport Office (RTO) at Amravati Road, you must have witnessed encroachments of tables and chairs, pan kiosks, tea stalls encroached in the parking area outside the office and haphazardly parked vehicles with nobody to give information about offices in three-storey building.However, with the new RTO Sarjerao Shelke taking over the charge, the entire scenario changed in last four months. The office is now all set to get a complete makeover. Though touts and vendors are still operating on the premises, their encroachments have been removed. Parking of vehicles has been streamlined with new systematically designed display boards about information regarding licences and other work have been installed at many places. Further a map of the three-storey building mentioning which office is located where, has been displayed outside the building.On Thursday, TOI too found information display boards outside the office, near learning licence centre and new computersied room. Further, a staffer, appointed specially on the information counter, was seen politely asking people to download the forms which are not available at counter and giving information.Sarjerao Shelke said that with several initiatives to streamline the administrative and operational work at the office, he also plans to install LCD display boards near the information counters and near computerized room for visitors. The administrative building will soon get a new paint, its internal corridors will get recarpeting and all of its sections will become computerized.Along with initiatives like making e-licence learner test operational in a bid to minimize human interface in the testing and scheme to send licence and RC book at applicant's doorstep, some new initiatives like two hours training on every Tuesday and Fridays for heavy vehicle drivers, screening of road safety films at RTO office and 'dhabas' on the highways for truck and bus drivers have been also organized, Shelke said.However, when asked about non-availability of free applications forms for learner's licence, permanent licence, fitness certificates, and even for licence renewal from the inquiry counter, another senior RTO official said that to reduce the rush at RTO, they have already launched department's official website and urged people that instead of visiting the office to collect various application forms, they could download it from the website.Sameer Sathe, who after a five months gap, came for a permanent licence, was surprised to see the change at RTO office. He said, \"First I thought it must be a holiday as there was no rush of touts or visitors. I submitted the form as instructed by the official at information and went to other counters and even appeared for the test. It's nice to see the change here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "3432900", "title": "Shiney Ahuja is a trained vocalist", "text": "Did you know that Shiney, besides being an actor, is a very good singer and a trained classical vocalist? Not only this, he has a huge interest in poetry and loves organizing mehfils.He is not like other sundry stars, flashing his stardom in people's faces. He is down-to-earth and mingles with very few people, because of his shy and reticent nature. But once he is comfortable with you, he leaves no stone unturned to spend that quality time with you!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739252", "title": "Many small-time TV actors get notices to vacate their homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Television actor Umar Wani was on Thursday morning served an unusual notice by her housing society at Seven Bungalows, where she has been living since January. \"The society told me to get my parents or vacate the place,\" said the actor of teleserials like 'Khotey Sikkey'. Another diktat is not to enter the society after midnight. \"I am decent and people have seen my work on national television, but I don't have any credentials when it comes to being an ideal citizen,'' she said.Others who have begun receiving notices and demands from societies traced them to the alleged involvement of self-proclaimed model Simran Sood for the murder of Arunkumar Tikku and Karan Kakkar. Sood has been linked to gangster Vijay Palande in the cases too.Vijay Badlani ('Tujh Sang Preet Lagayee Sajna'), who lives in Mulund, said, \"I want to move to Andheri, but it has become impossible. Societies are not ready to give accommodation to those associated with the film industry.\"Federation of Western India Cine Employees general secretary Dinesh Chaturvedi said, \"Those involved in the recent killings are not bona fide members of the film and TV industry. The words 'Bollywood actor' or 'junior artiste' are being used loosely and it is having a negative effect on the industry. Many newcomers and film industry members are being troubled by housing societies.\"Chaturvedi said, \"I have been getting calls from actors and technicians who are being thrown out by societies for no fault of theirs.''Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said, \"One must not confuse one's aspirations to reality. Millions of people want to be part of the film industry but very few succeed in becoming a legitimate part of it. You need more than this all-consuming thirst for fame and money to make it in showbiz. You need talent and patience.''Some real estate agents have been told by housing societies that flats will not be given to 'singletons' and those from the film and TV industry. A meeting of estate agents decided that they will have to produce a birth certificate along with an NOC from the police from their native place.Real estate agent Vinod Bachchan said, \"A person from the industry has been told to call his parents to Mumbai and if he fails he will have to vacate the house.''Actor and Cine Artiste and Television Actors' Association committee member Raza Murad said, \"A CINTAA card should be used as a credential for societies to allow accommodation to those working in the industry.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738757", "title": "Drive against encroachments going strong", "text": "NAGPUR: With every passing day, the NMC's anti-encroachment squad has started taking strict action against encroachers. On Thursday, the squad razed over 200 illegal shops in many localities, including Mhalgi Nagar, New Subhedar Layout and Manewada Ring Road. The squad also carried out mop-up rounds on West High Court Road in Dharampeth, Shankar Nagar and also at Khamla.Civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay monitored the drive.On Thursday, a major anti-encroachment drive was conducted in east Nagpur. Here, shopkeepers had brazenly occupied not only footpaths but also encroached on major portion of wide roads. Many encroachments on the busy patch between Tukadoji Chowk and Dyaneshwar Ring Road and from Mhalgi Nagar Chowk to Hudkeshwar Road were cleared. Eight permanent chicken-mutton shops among the other 150 illegal shops were demolished. Eight trucks and ten pushcarts material was seized.Similarly, another anti-encroachment drive was conducted from Laxmi Nagar Chowk to Aath Rasta Chowk to Private Lawn Square. 50 encroachments were removed and one truck of material was seized.The otherwise busy and occupied square of the city - Shankar Nagar Chowk - experienced a rather quiet scene on Thursday as the anti-encroachment squad cleared the square of encroachments. Action was also initiated against the famous Calcutta Rolls. The restaurant has allegedly extended its front portion which comprised the kitchen and the take-away delivery counter. The action took place around 3pm when the restaurant was closed.Similarly, Laxmi Nagar zone's squad also carried out the mop-up drive and demolished at least 200 shops set up either on footpaths or on roads and also seized seven trucks full of material from the encroachers.In Deonagar in Laxmi Nagar zone, illegal extensions of Babu Mobile Repairing, Sharda Beauty Parlour, Vishwas Motors, Shri General Stores and Jayant Medical Stores and 50 other establishments were removed. At Sahkar Nagar railway crossing, the squad removed at least 150 shops, including mutton shops, and vegetable vendors. The squad also seized five truckful material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738862", "title": "Labourer dies, wife alleges foul play", "text": "CHENNAI: A construction labourer was found dead after falling from the first floor of a house on Thursday morning. His wife, Selvi, who suspected foul play in his death lodged a complaint with police commissioner, J K Tripathy, demanding a probe. Police said the victim R Raj Kumar, 32, a native of Nepal fell from the first floor of a guest house in Brindavan Road, Mylapore where he was involved in construction work.\"We were informed about his death in the afternoon though he died in the morning. We were told he was drunk and fell down. But he never had the habit of consuming alcohol and none of them saw him falling,\" said Selvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "arya mohalla", "code": "12740104", "title": "10 days on, water pipe continues to leak", "text": "ARYA MOHALLA: Instead of finding a way to save water wastage, municipal authorities are letting water go waste by ignoring the leakage in a water pipeline on the main road of Arya Mohalla near Damoria Bridge. More than 10 days have passed but officials have not taken any measures to repair the problem.According to residents, the road was constructed 10 days ago and during construction the water pipeline was damaged. Residents rue that besides wasting drinking water, the leaking pipe is posing a threat to the newly constructed road. A homemaker and resident of the area, Sushma Ralhan said, ''Nobody has come here for checking water wastage. This despite the fact that the area is close to MC office.''Harman Singh of Kailash Cinema Chowk, said, ''Most of the times authorities hold residents responsible for water wastage or a disease outbreak, but when it comes to performing their duty they fail to do so.'' Area executive engineer of operation and maintenance cell, Pardeep Kumar said, ''This must be the service pipeline of any resident because our main pipeline is installed very deep and it cannot break easily. Though this problem was not in my knowledge, but I would get it checked and the problem would be fixed as soon as possible.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738394", "title": "Chief engineers told to complete anti-erosion schemes", "text": "PATNA: Water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary on Thursday directed the chief engineers of his department to spend fund allocation of Rs 2,192 crore on implementation of different schemes in a proportionate way during the current financial year 2012-13. He was addressing a state-level meeting of the chief engineers at WALMI.Choudhary said that funds have been sent to all the chief engineers. The minister lauded the chief engineers for spending Rs 1,895 crore of the budget allocation during 2011-12 and said that this year they should spend Rs 2,192 crore and then send proposal seeking more funds. He directed them to send proposal to the department for more allocation so that the WRD can spend Rs 3,000 crore on the implementation of the Agriculture Road Map.Choudhary expressed his annoyance over slow progress of 373 anti-erosion schemes and directed them to complete them by May 15, 2012. He also directed the chief engineers and superintending engineers to ensure the quality of geo-bags used in flood protection works.Talking about Durgawati Reservoir Project, which was lying closed for the past seven years, Choudhary directed the officials to complete the project in two years. He said that the department has taken measures to complete irrigation projects on time.The minister also directed the director, land acquisition, to ensure that special land acquisition officers were in constant touch with the chief engineers of their respective areas and organize special camps to accelerate the pace of land acquisition for construction of embankments and irrigation schemes. He also directed the chief engineers of flood-prone areas to ensure pitching of milestones at every kilometre on all the embankments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12738774", "title": "Packaged holy water in offing for Kumbh 2015", "text": "Priests in Nashik are planning to provide packaged holy water from the Godavari river to visiting pilgrims during the forthcoming Kumbh mela.The Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangh, which represents local priests who perform rituals at the Godavari and other holy places in Nashik, has decided to embark on the project with an objective to provide pure Godavari river water in bottles at a nominal cost. The issue will be taken up with various authorities soon to enable the Sangh to ensure that the bottled holy water becomes available before the Kumbh mela, scheduled for 2015.\"Teertha (holy water) of the holy river Godavari has great significance during the Simhastha (when the sun enters the Leo constellation) Kumbh mela. Lakhs of pilgrims come to Nashik during the Simhastha Kumbh mela and they take home the holy water. With an aim to provide them with clean teertha, we are planning to provide them with bottled holy water during Simhastha,\" said Satish Shukla, president, Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangh.\"Currently, the water coming to Ramkunda is already polluted and pilgrims can't get potable teertha. The idea is to provide potable holy water in small bottles so the pilgrims can carry it back home with them. We are planning to use plastic, copper and brass bottles. We will soon start working on the project and a decision in this regard will be taken at the meeting of the Sangh,\" he added.Shukla said that they were unable to implement this project during the last Simhastha Kumbh mela in 2003-04 due to lack of time and manpower. \"But now we have enough time to make this project a reality. We have not yet decided whether to implement this project through a private firm or through the Sangh itself. We are also planning to set up a special committee which will study the project in detail,\" he said.The Kumbh mela, which is held in Nashik every twelve years, will begin with a flag hoisting on June 14, 2015. There will be three occasions for the Simhastha holy dip - on August 29, September 13 and September 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12739783", "title": "Rains in Nalia, showers predicted across Gujarat", "text": "RAJKOT: The change in weather was evident in Saurashtra region on Thursday. Many parts of the region were under cloudy weather and cool winds brought much respite from the heat.While Nalia recorded 2.5 mm rainfall, light drizzles were also reported in Bhuj and Kukma in Kutch on Thursday morning even as the sky remained overcast throughout the day. The maximum temperature recorded at Bhuj was 37 degrees Celsius, 4 degrees below normal .On Wednesday, day temperatures fell appreciably across Saurashtra, Kutch and north Gujarat. The India Meteorological Department ( IMD) officials forecast said, \"Light to moderate rain or thundershowers would occur at isolated places in all districts of Gujarat and in Diu, Daman and Dadra Nagar Haveli. Rain or thundershowers may occur in some areas towards evening or night on Friday.\"They said that maximum temperature will be around 37 degrees Celsius. \"Maximum temperature that the state recorded was 39 degrees Celsius at Vallabh Vidhyanagar, Amreli and Surendranagar,\" said officials. Rajkot city recorded maximum temperature of 37 degrees Celsius.Cloudy weather and forecast of rains is worrying farmers, especially mango growers, in Saurashtra. \"We fear that this weather change will destroy our mango crops in this season. Light thundershowers are enough to destroy them,\" said Mensi Sariya, an orchard owner from Junagadh. \"This would be unseasonal rains and it would play spoilsport for Rabi crop farmers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12741048", "title": "PhDs recruited as revenue inspectors", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The persistent and acute unemployment problem in Ganjam district became all the more prominent when candidates with PhD, MBA, B Tech and BCA degrees applied and got selected for posts of Revenue Inspectors (RI), Assistant Revenue Inspector (ARI) and Amin, for all of which a graduation and basic knowledge in computer are the only requirements.At least 200 persons were recruited, 57 RIs and 143 ARIs after the final selection on Wednesday. Surprisingly, the district administration termed it as the biggest recruitment drive in the last drive. Sources in the administration said, all the selected candidates belonged to SC, ST and social and economic backward classes. \"Most of the candidates for the post of the RI are highly qualified and technical degree holders. Two persons with MBA degree, one with PhD, five with B Tech, two with B.Sc and BCA degrees and one with B. ED degree got recruited as RI,\" said a senior officer. Among others, some were MA degree holders or with post-graduate diploma in computer application, said the officer.\"The situation is such that technical degree holders are left in the lurch, so they are forced to go for the RI and ARI jobs, \" said former MLA (Chhatrapur) Ashok Choudhury.One of the candidates had a two-year working experience with a software firm at Hyderabad. Last year he lost his job due to global economic slowdown. \"There was no other option left for me but to apply for the post of RI with the fear of a bleak future haunting me. I am confident to do well in my new assignment,\" said the candidate requesting anonymity.A promising and considerably satisfactory pay packet of about Rs 24,000 per month, easy promotion opportunities and the facilities of a government job often lure the candidates to take up the job of RI, said an officer.\"We think the district revenue sectors will get a boost once these qualified and energetic youths are recruited,\" said district collector Krishan Kumar. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738447", "title": "Dearness allowance hike for govt employees, pensioners", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Thursday gave its sanction to the government's decision to increase the dearness allowance (DA) for regular government staff and holders of pensionfamily pension from the existing 58% to 65%.Cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant said the revised rate of DA would be effective from January 1 this year. According to him, the DA revision would entail an annual expenditure of Rs 1,007 crore, which includes the expenditure of Rs 635 crore for payment to regular staff and Rs 372 crore for retired government employees.In another significant decision, the cabinet approved the constitution of a committee headed by former state chief secretary V S Dubey to conduct a detailed probe into matters related to the appointment of teachers and non-teaching staff against sanctioned posts in state universities. The committee would also look into matters related to their promotion, pay fixation, payment of salary and dues and pension amounts.Ravikant said a large number of complaints had been received by the state education department with regard to the appointment of teachers and non-teaching staff in universities as well. In the light of the same, the state government decided to constitute a committee headed by Dubey to hold the inquiry. While retired accounts officer in the office of the Accountant General, Shashi Bhushan Prasad, would be the member secretary of the committee, the other members include Patna High Court lawyer Prabhunath Rai and a group of academics, distinguished persons and noted intellectuals.BKS: The cabinet gave its sanction to the decision of the state government to form Bihar Knowledge Society (BKS) as a wing of the state's information technology department. BKS, financed by the state government, would be an umbrella organization to promote standardization of training institutes with expertise to give training to willing persons both in urban and rural areas. Besides, it would also finalize vocational courses in the IT sector in keeping with the demands of industry, the cabinet secretariat department principal secretary said.According to him, the cabinet also gave its seal to the revised guidelines, called Marg Nirdeshika, 2012, which has been framed to regulate two-year training given to people from minority communities for self-employment. After training, each would get revised loans up to Rs 2 lakh from the Bihar State Minority Finance Corporation under the Mukhyamantri Shramshakti Yojana, which is under implementation in the state since 2008-09. The training is given to persons in the age-group of 18 to 45 years. As per the revised rules, only candidates with an annual family income of Rs 4.5 lakh would qualify for the training. Besides, each trainee would get a stipend of Rs 500 per month.The cabinet sanctioned Rs 1.20 crore for the creation of a separate cell with eight temporarily sanctioned staff under the planning and development department for conducting the sixth economic census over 30 months from the current fiscal year to 2014-15. The cabinet also sanctioned creation of 19 sanctioned posts at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park to manage the increasing number of animals at the zoo.The cabinet also authorized the government to send to governor a list of recommendations of suitable persons for filling 12 seats of legislative council by governor's nomination. While two seats were vacant, 10 others would fall vacant on May 9. The cabinet also gave its sanction to the revision of estimates for the construction of Rajendra Mandap on the Raj Bhawan campus from Rs 4.11 crore to Rs 5.77 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741191", "title": "Railways to run special exam train", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The East Coast Railways has decided to run a pair of 'examination special trains' between Puri and Rourkela to help the huge number of waitlisted passengers, particularly students going to examination centres.The 08446/08445 Puri-Rourkela-Puri Examination Special will leave Puri at 05.25hrs on April 28 (Saturday) and will reach Rourkela at 3.30 pm on the same day.While coming back, it will leave Rourkela at 9.45 pm on April 29 (Sunday) and will arrive at Puri at 9.35 am on the following day.The train will stop at Khurda Road, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Dhenkanal, Talcher Road, Angul, Boinda, Rairakhol, Sambalpur City and Jharsuguda.It will have one AC-2 tier and AC-3 tier berths, eight sleeper class coaches and three general second class compartments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12740489", "title": "Jalandhar building collapse: 73-hour ordeal ends for labourer", "text": "JALANDHAR: A day after a labourer was extricated from the rubble of the collapsed blanket factory here, the miracle was repeated on Thursday when 25-year-old factory worker Nitish Kumar was similarly rescued unscathed. Trapped under the debris for 73 hours of sheer horror, Kumar, a migrant labourer from Bihar, was pulled put of the debris by the National Disaster Response Force personnel.With hopes of finding any more survivors fast receding, Kumar's extrication sent a wave of jubilation among those present. For rescue teams, the operation was gruelling.\"We found some signs of a survivor around 6pm on Wednesday, but it took us around four hours to drill a hole close to where he lay trapped. We cut through slabs of concrete and pulled him out after another two hours, and widening the hole vertically,\" said Colonel Simerjeet Singh of the Army, which had joined the NDRF team in the rescue operations.Nitish was on the first floor when the building of Shital Fibres, the Jalandhar blanket manufacturing unit, collapsed at around 11pm on Sunday.Dazed by the ordeal, Nitish managed to recollect the moments before tragedy struck. Lying on a bed in a city hospital, the only thing he recalls is trying to escape. \"The moment I realized the roof was collapsing, I hid myself near a heap of blankets near a pillar. The roof fell on the blankets and I found myself lying in a cavity. There was no light and sound but still I hoped to survive,\" he said.Nitish recounts the nightmare as he spent long and exhausting moments trapped beneath the mangled heaps of the building. Images of his inconsolable mother flashed before his eyes as he lay buried in the debris. \"It was pitch dark and quiet but I still hoped to survive. After two days, I lost hope. Now I realize it is my rebirth,\" said Nitish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743510", "title": "Career in Shipping", "text": "Seafaring has long been a profession for the brave and for the ones who wanted more in life. From the era of wooden boats with sails to the modern ultra large sea going vessels, the sea has always given opportunities to explore trade and develop the world. In doing so, the shipping industry has modernised and ships have grown bigger, stronger and are fine works of science and technology.The shipping industry gives an excellent opportunity to the young brave hearts who wish to carve and achieve a motivated, self-disciplined and an adventurous career. The work on a ship may broadly be classified under two streams the Deck and the Engine room. These two departments function together in close harmony and make the ships reach across high seas to their destination. The deck department is instrumental in the navigation or piloting of the ships and also for the loading and discharging of cargo. Modern vessels are much diversified and range from dry bulk carriers, tankers, containers, LPG/ LNG carriers, passenger ships etc. The career growth in the deck department commences from becoming a cadet who completes a three-year BSc Nautical Science degree. A new aspirant joining the sea slowly develops to reach the ranks of a Mate and eventually becomes a Captain of a Ship.The engine department is responsible for the maintenance and running of the ship's engine. A marine engineer is a complete engineer as he does not believe that a problem on a ship cannot be tackled. The career growth in the engine department commences from a trainee engineer who has completed a four-year marine engineering course. An engineer joining the sea slowly develops to reach the ranks of a Class I - Chief Engineer.In modern times, the value of money cannot be denied, this profession is one such which allows the liberty to its disciples to work hard and get handsomely paid for their efforts. It is a satisfying experience for every seafarer to see his family reach a new economic status. An average seafarer settles down in life by the age of 40 where he has earned sufficient.The training over the years gives seafarers many opportunities to serve ashore as well. Training, surveying, hospitality, quality audits and ship yards are a few areas to mention. This career can be chosen by students passing Std XII exam with physics, chemistry, mathematics and English as their subjects. Desirous students must obtain a minimum of 60 % marks to be eligible to join a career at sea.(The author is a Captain with a sailing experience of 20 years. Currently, he is the co-ordinator at the Maharashtra Academy of Naval Education and Training.)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743605", "title": "Wales on the Map", "text": "Carwyn Jones, first minister of Wales, wants to make sure that Wales continues to attract the expertise of Indian students. He speaks to Tirna RayWithdrawal of the Post Study Work (PSW) visa option in the UK, which came into effect from April 6, 2012, has been a cause for concern for Indian students. According to the British government, the current PSW route which allowed students to work in the UK for two years after completing their studies had to be closed as it was not operating as intended, with large numbers of students working in low skilled jobs or unemployed.However, Carwyn Jones , first minister of Wales, who was visiting India from April 11-14, said, \"I know there is a perception at the moment due to the visa changes. While UK may be seen by Indian students as a 'difficult place' to go to - along with Wales since it is part of the UK - we want to make it very clear that Indian students are welcome to the UK. Students who wish to work in the UK after graduating will continue to be able to do so provided they have a graduate level job. It is in their interest too. We have 3,000 students studying in Wales. We want to make sure that we continue to attract the expertise that Indian students bring to Wales.\"At the head of a trade mission to promote Wales as a place to invest, visit and do business, Jones was accompanied by a delegation of Welsh business and academic representatives.As far as its India strategy is concerned, Jones informed, while Wales is represented by staff on ground in Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai, Wales' profile is not as high as England or even Scotland . \"Through my visit, I intend to raise Wales' profile and put it on the map,\" he said.As to academic choices on offer in Wales, Jones pointed out that apart from management, medicine and law, there are opportunities in the field of engineering, aeronautics, automotive, energy generation (with a potential for renewable energy) and advanced manufacturing and life sciences, among others.He added, \"The European industry will need to specialise in the years to come. We realise that and want to attract the best from across the world into specialised areas of expertise.\"Why India? \"I am under no illusion that Wales is but one of many nations vying for the attention of India. A young country, India has advanced economically very quickly in the last few years. Also, it is a country that has a rapidly growing economy. What makes the country remarkable is that everybody here is doing something - giving the country an entrepreneurial profile,\" he said.Also, considering the fact that India is focusing on vocational skill development, Jones feels that this is an area where Wales has a lot of provision. \"Especially, our further education colleges, which provide vocational courses, are used to dealing with businesses and industry and shaping their courses to the needs of local businesses. I will be talking to some of those institutions so that we can work toward a partnership with India, which will involve provisional vocational training in India,\" he said.Recently, the Welsh government reiterated its commitment to developing economic and educational links with India by announcing a further three years funding of \u00a3300,000 for the UK India Education Research Initiative ( UKIERI). The funding will help Welsh universities, committed to working with their Indian counterparts, in their research, innovation and educational activity in the global economy.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739328", "title": "Kayani\u2019s call on Siachen evokes guarded response from India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani army chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani's call for a resolution to the Siachen dispute evoked a guarded response in the India establishment, as a breakthrough is seen as elusive unless Islamabad agrees to authenticate the ground level position on the glacier.A day after Gen Kayani's comments, the Indian response was cool despite minister of state for defence Pallam Raju seeing a positive note in the Pakistani army chief's comments.\"I am glad that our neighboring country, Pakistan is also realizing the challenges and the economic problems of maintaining troops on the Siachen glacier,\" Raju told journalists. \"They have their concerns and we have our concerns but it does take an economic toll. This money can be better spent on development of both countries,\" the minister said.The two countries are looking for dates for the next meeting of defence secretaries, which is likely to happen in the next month, as the calendar of talks has to conclude by June when foreign minister S M Krishna is scheduled to travel to Pakistan.Gen Kayani, while visiting Skardu region on Wednesday after the recent avalanche that killed over 130 military personnel, hoped the Siachen issue would be \"resolved so that both countries don't have to pay the cost\". He said he hoped \"there will be a resolution and we want that there should be a resolution (of the Siachen issue). There should be a resolution of Siachen and other issues.\" This was seen as a significant statement by the Pakistani army chief.The core of the difference between the two sides is that India wants Pakistan to authenticate positions on the AGPL (Actual Ground Position Line) before any talk of demilitarization or withdrawal. Pakistan is pushing a four-point plan which includes demilitarization, withdrawal of troops, delineation and authentication. India is unwilling to do this.\"We have been consistent on the steps necessary before demilitarization of Siachen can be carried out. We won't give up the advantage we enjoy without a very credible, and verifiable, commitment from their side,\" a senior Army officer said here.Another officer said India has repeatedly said any demilitarization should be preceded by delineation of the AGPL, authentication of the line and military positions on maps to be exchanged, an end to wrong projection of AGPL in each other's maps, and a framework for demilitarization as the final step for withdrawal of troops. \"They are reluctant to agree to our suggestions,\" another senior military official said.In Pakistan, a day after Gen Kayani's statement, the Pakistani foreign office too ruled out any basic change in the country's position. Official spokesperson Muazzam Khan said, \"We are not thinking of any unilateral redeployment of troops. Pakistan has made several proposals to resolve the military standoff on Siachen, including a proposal for mutual re-deployment of troops.\"Security analyst B Raman said Gen Kayani's remarks came in the wake of the avalanche and consequent local anger against the army. \"His remarks have the tactical objective of responding to local anger and projecting India as responsible for lack of forward movement on the Siachen issue.\" Former envoy G Parthasarathy said Gen Kayani's comments were incorrectly interpreted as neither side has changed its position.After Kargil, the Indian army remains even more wary of Pakistani intentions. \"If they can violate the Line of Control, then I don't see any reason for them not to violate AGPL,\" an army officer argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739608", "title": "BJP passes math test in south", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after emerging as the single largest party in South Delhi Municipal Corporation, BJP on Thursday also found the numbers to take charge of the new civic body. Requiring 53 seats for a majority in a house of 104 members, the party had won only 44. But by managing to draw nine other members to its side, it is now poised to lead the corporation.Interestingly, seven of the nine outside supporters are BJP rebels who had upset the party's math in the first place. One councillor each from Nationalist Congress Party and Rashtriya Lok Dal has also offered support.Facing anti-incumbency and rebellion in its own ranks, BJP had lost vote share in many wards constituting the south corporation, and lost 16 wards to other parties, notably Congress. Still, it managed an overall vote share of 33.84%. The difference between the vote shares of BJP and Congress (29.19%) this time is only 4.65% percentage points.In many wards, independent candidates were able to split votes to the detriment of BJP and Congress. In the south, 14 independent candidates won, cornering 17.12% of the votes polled and emerging as the third largest group behind BJP and Congress. Thirteen independents won in areas considered Congress and BJP strongholds.For BJP, anti-incumbency worked against sitting councillors in wards like Vikas Nagar, Nawada, Bindapur, Sagarpur, Raj Nagar, Kotla and Munirka. Congress also lost its seats to independents in Sagarpur west, Nangi Sakravati, Roshanpura, Tigri and Sangam Vihar. Interestingly, the BJP candidate from Subhash Nagar, the seat of former house leader Subhash Arya, lost to the Congress candidate. The Congress candidate from Roshanpura, which was the seat of former opposition leader JK Sharma, lost to an independent.The seven rebels who have extended support to BJP in the south are Naresh Balyan from Nawada, Praveen Rajput from Sagarpur, Mahender Yadav from Vikas Nagar, Poonam Bhardwaj from Raj Nagar, Seema Pandit from Palam, Krishan Sehrawat from Mahipalpur and Kalpana Jha from Sangam Vihar Central. NCP councillor from Mehrauli, Pushpa Singh, and RLD councillor from Chhatarpur, Anita Tyagi, are the other supporters.\"With these nine councillors we have got the majority in the south, but talks are on to get support from other independents. We will soon come out with a second list,'' said Vijender Gupta, Delhi BJP president.BJP lost wards like Raghubir Nagar, Tagore Garden and Lajpat Nagar to Congress after rebels split its supporters. The party expelled 14 party workers, including 11 sitting councillors, and issued show-cause notices to 71 party workers for either contesting independently or supporting non-party candidates.Apart from the rebels, the BSP also gave a tough fight to Congress and BJP candidates and got 8.72% of the total polled votes. It retained its strongholds like Madanpur Khadar, Tekhand and Mahavir Enclave.Smaller political parties like NCP, JD(U) and SP did a lot of damage to Congress by winning in seven of its strongholds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739947", "title": "Constable hangs self in Nigohan", "text": "LUCKNOW: A head constable posted at Nigohan police station allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a fan at his official residence on the police station campus on Thursday evening.The head constable was identified as Praveen Shukla. According to reports, Praveen was living at a room on the police station campus since he joined as head constable clerk with the police station.On Thursday also, he was seen in the room in the afternoon. In the evening when a fellow went to Shukla's room to give him tea, he saw Shukla hanging from the fan at his room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12739834", "title": "Ex-cricketers still waiting to cast vote in Baroda Cricket Association elections", "text": "VADODARA: Hundreds of Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) members will cast their votes on Friday to elect office-bearers for the association. However, several ex-cricketers, who have represented Baroda in international as well as Ranji cricket for years, won't be able to vote. For, the BCA management hasn't made them members of the association yet. The opposition group too has made it an issue in their campaign and are promising to add new members if elected to power.Ex-cricketers like Nayan Mongia and Atul Bedade, who retired years ago, are still waiting to get membership from BCA. \"BCA management had promised to make me member soon after my inclusion in BCA three years ago. But I am still waiting for it. There has been no word from the management. In fact, I think all ex-cricketers should be made members of the association,\" Mongia said.Apart from Mongia and Bedade, recently retired Ranji cricketers like Jacob Martin, Connor Williams and Satyajit Parab, too, have not been offered membership. When asked, BCA vice-president Sanjay Patel said, \"The new committee will take the decision on the matter after the elections.\"In the last elections, the opposition had raised the issue of membership to ex-cricketers and tried to make it cricketers versus non-cricketers issue. \"We will add new members to the association and cricketers will obviously be given preference. ,\" said Sheetal Mehta of the opposition group. Several senior ex-cricketers like Anshuman Gaekwad, Kiran More, Narayan Satham, Cecil Williams and many others were made members of BCA years ago. Though, the management hasn't inducted some cricketers as members, they have hired them and are paying them salaries for their services to the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739579", "title": "Hundreds of projects delayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The long electoral process and now the trifurcation have ensured that all developmental proposals that were hurriedly passed in the past two months have hit a wall. In the last standing committee meeting held in the first week of March, over a hundred proposals were cleared but officials say work hasn't started on any of them.These proposals are related to construction of roads, school buildings and repair work. The official reason is that till now designations and responsibilities have not been fixed and hence work cannot be approved. \"We cannot take up the work as the files concerning developmental projects are lying unsigned. Files from the municipal secretary's office are being returned,\" said a senior MCD official.Not only new projects but the projects that were hurriedly inaugurated even before they could be completed are now waiting for the three new corporations to come into existence. The underground multi-level parking project at Parade Ground, near Chandni Chowk, inaugurated two months back is finally ready to be used. This will ease congestion in Chandni Chowk and other adjoining areas. Officials say that even to appoint a contractor, they need authority signature. \"The corporation is in freeze. For the past 20 days, files are being returned. It isn't in a position to even appoint a contractor,\" said another official.Things will be improve by month-end, officials promise. \"The staff of the municipal secretary's department was on Thursday briefed about their responsibilities. All employees will be briefed by this weekend. Trifurcation is a long process and these glitches were expected,\" said the official.But the sitting councillors who have made a comeback after the municipal polls are now facing the music.\"I promised the residents that the road in my area will be laid. I have been checking with officials but they say no work has been taken up as the files are being returned unsigned. The proposal concerning road construction in my area was cleared in March in the standing committee meeting but no work has started. Residents have started enquiring about it,\" said former councilor Jai Bhagwan, whose wife, Jag Roshani, has won from Begumpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12740032", "title": "House panel may turn down voting rights for NRIs", "text": "CHENNAI: The government's proposal to give voting rights to non-resident Indians (NRIs) has run into a roadblock with the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs raising objections to the move. The committee has sought clarifications from the external affairs secretary on several issues before it takes a decision on the proposal in its next meeting.At the committee's meeting on April 12, members raised several objections, pointing out that NRIs would eventually seek to contest polls without being able to connect with local issues or voters. They also cited the need to create necessary infrastructure in foreign countries to facilitate NRIs to vote. The committee is headed by BJP leader and Bangalore South MP H N Ananth Kumar and comprises 26 MPs (full strength is 31 and there are five vacancies).\"Except for one member, all other 15 MPs who attended the meeting opposed the government decision. We have raised 46 queries with the external affairs ministry. We will take a final decision on the issue in our next meeting. Most of the members, including those belonging to the parties in the ruling UPA alliance such as Trinamool Congress , NCP and DMK, were against the move,\" said a member who attended the meeting.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had noted in January that he recognized the desire of NRIs to exercise their franchise in India and hoped that they would be able to vote by the next general elections in 2014. Addressing the annual diaspora meet during the Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas at Jaipur, he had said, \"Pursuant to the law that was enacted to enable non-resident Indians to vote in our national elections, the government has issued notifications for registration of overseas electors under the Representation of People Act, 1950. This constitutes the first major step to enable Indian residents abroad to participate in our election process.\"\"If the government allows them to vote, next they will demand rights to contest polls. NRIs who have been residing abroad for 20 to 30 years may not know local issues. So they cannot be allowed to be people's representatives. If the government allows them to vote in the Lok Sabha elections, next, they will want to vote in local body polls too,\" said a member.The committee members also raised concerns that the Election Commission would be forced to put up infrastructure in other countries to facilitate NRIs to vote. \"It will be an expensive proposition. The EC can't do it logistically,\" said another MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743569", "title": "Competitive advantage", "text": "Esra Unluaslan, MBA student, MIT Sloan, tells Diptiman Dewan that a hands-on experience is critical to gain a competitive edge in the marketplaceEsra Unluaslan, Livia Lisker, Noam Bernstein and Damien Peters, students of MIT Sloan School of Management, US and a part of a team, were in India recently through the annual India Laboratory at MIT Sloan. The India laboratory is a part of MIT Sloan's initiative that combines classroombased instruction with project-based learning under which a team of MIT students work with companies in India for two weeks.\"Our team of four students worked with One97 Communications and its subsidiaries that focus on telecom applications for cloud computing , on the growth strategy, including new market entry and marketing plans that will take the companies to the next level,\" says Unluaslan, a joint student of MBA at MIT Sloan and Master of public administration in international development at Harvard Kennedy School, US.Unluaslan believes that working with a company allows students to learn directly from entrepreneurs and managers who are experiencing real-world issues in real-time - an experience that produces systemic change for the organisation as well as helps in the personal growth for students.\"I learnt how businesses run in India compared to other countries and environments, which is key in a job market that looks for experience in the field in addition to education. Companies question students fresh out of school if they have the ability to apply their newfound practical knowledge into use, which is where this practical experience will be of great help,\" she says.Every company and situation is unique, and a real-time exposure through hands-on training and implementation of what a student learns in the classroom is what helps in the integration of theory and practice and helps gain a competitive advantage, believes Unluaslan.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ gurgaon", "code": "12739278", "title": "It's time toll gate users got their due facilities: Minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ GURGAON: On the day when Haryana got the country's most efficient toll plaza at Zirakhpur, the Union road transport and highways minister CP Joshi talked about the commuters' nightmare at the toll plaza on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.Joshi, who inaugurated the 14-lane toll plaza at Zirakpur in Panchkula, said the time has come when \"people get the facility\" for which they pay the toll. \"When we are collecting user fee, we have to meet the expectations of people. Everyone who uses the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway will say this and even the CM is aware of people's ordeal at the toll plaza,\" the minister said.The NHAI has also alleged that the service level on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway has deteriorated due to daily jams at the 32-lane toll plaza.Joshi said that using new technology like RFID tags for toll collection can help in improving the processing of vehicles through toll gates. The NHAI on Thursday launched the first radio frequency identification (RFID) technology based tags for road users.Sources said that though Delhi-Gurgaon stretch and the successive corridors on NH-8 were initially considered for the trial of RFID technology, the highways ministry later selected the Chandigarh stretch for the pilot project.RFID is a modern technology and the cost of tags is much cheaper at only Rs 100 per tag. Once all the lanes at a toll plaza have RFID card readers, the boom barriers would automatically lift as soon as the vehicle approaches the toll gates.RFID tags are like a band aid, which can be attached to the windscreen of a vehicle. People can recharge the tags easily and the toll charge gets automatically deducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741084", "title": "CM takes up cudgels against 'low compensation' for central sales tax loss", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After the campaign against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), non-Congress chief ministers are seemingly joining hands to corner the Union government over the issue of payment of compensation to state governments for reduction in central sales tax (CST) rates.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik shot a letter in this regard to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday, taking cue from his counterparts in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. Earlier, Mamata Banerjee and J Jayalalithaa had supported the anti-NCTC campaign launched by Naveen.Naveen, who met Jayalalithaa during his five-day trip to Delhi, opposed the Centre's decision to pay CST compensation to states for 2010-11 after deducting revenue gains on account of increase in the floor rate of value added tax (VAT) from four to five per cent. He also disapproved the Union government's decision not to pay CST compensation for 2011-12 and demanded that the Centre continue to compensate for CST loss without any deduction till Goods and Services Tax (GST) is not introduced. \"In case this proposal is not acceptable, necessary amendments may be made in the CST Act allowing states to collect CST at four per cent as before (now it is being levied at two per cent),\" he added, urging Singh to personally intervene in the matter.Naveen said as CST is not VAT compatible, it was decided that CST would be gradually phased out from 2007-08 within three years and GST introduced from April, 2010. The Centre had agreed to compensate the states for CST loss and did the same from 2007-08 to 2009-10. It also compensated for 2010-11 but after deducting notional gain calculated on the basis in hike in VAT rate from four to five per cent, but stopped it in 2011-12. Stating that GST introduction is yet to take place, Naveen said, \"Reduction of CST is a recurring loss. Hence, the central government should continue to compensate for the loss of account of CST reduction till GST is introduced.\" Instead, he added, the Union government has taken a \"unilateral decision\" not to compensate the states in disregard of the states' concerns and decisions of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers. \"Such unilateral decisions create a trust deficit between the Union government and the state government which may lead to a logjam in the introduction of GST,\" he cautioned.Pointing out that declared goods, industrial inputs, capital goods and other essential goods are taxed at the base VAT rate, Naveen said VAT from declared goods comprises a major share of tax from the four per cent slab. In Odisha, about half of VAT at four per cent rate comes from declared goods like coal, iron and steel products, paddy, rive, pulses, cotton, groundnut and maize.The CM criticized the Centre for not having amended the CST Act during 2010-11 to enable states to increase VAT rate on declared goods from four to five per cent. \"Necessary amendment of Section 15 of the CST Act came into effect only on April 8, 2011,\" he noted, adding, \"The rate of inflation, especially inflation of food items was very high during the last two years. Hence, the state could not enhance the rate of tax from four to five per cent during 2010-11.\" He said the department of revenue, government of India, has not taken into account the share of tax from the declared goods while estimating the notional gain on account of increase of the lower VAT rate from four and five per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739429", "title": "FIR against tainted Mhada deputy collector", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Thursday registered an FIR against suspended Mhada deputy collector Nitesh Thakur under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. It also started the procedure of attaching his properties. Sources said Thakur was accused of money laundering amounting to Rs 8 crore. \"We have identified 7-8 properties in Mumbai and Alibaug, which have been bought using the ill-gotten money,'' said an official. Sleuths were also probing the alleged role of an MLA from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739770", "title": "Trial on, rape victim's child adopted: Court seeks report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Child Welfare Committee has drawn flak from a trial court, which has asked it to explain why the committee has given away in adoption a girl child - born to a rape victim - which was given to it for safekeeping, without her biological parents' consent.Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau sought the CWC's explanation as it came to know that the child, whose father faced trial in her court for raping her mother and was convicted by it, was given away in adoption by the CWC without informing anyone.ASJ Lau came to know that the child had been given in adoption, when she was adjudicating the rape convict's plea for custody of his child born out of his illicit relation with his minor victim. Accused had sought the custody of his child as her unwed mother, now 19, did not want to keep her with herself.\"It surprises me that while the trial of the criminal case against the biological father of the child was still pending, how could she be put up for adoption and that too without the consent of the biological parents? I note that during the trial, the accused being the biological father who was in judicial custody, had also sought the custody of the child,\" the judge said.ASJ Lau directed the CWC to place before it a detailed report regarding the present status of the child and also the record of the proceedings regarding her adoption. The court also noted that at the time of giving away the child in adoption, the CWC had not apprised the district judge, who allowed the adoption, about the background of the minor and suppressed the fact that her parents were alive.The court has sent its order for compliance to Delhi government's principal secretary (Social Welfare), director of Women and Child Development and deputy commissioner of police of northwest Delhi.Accused was convicted for raping a 14-year-old girl after purchasing her for Rs 20,000 from someone in 2007 and confining her at his house for over three years during which he subjected her to slavery, torture and rape, leading to the girl child's birth.During trial, accused had made a formal plea for the custody of his daughter as her biological mother was not willing to accept her, while the court had given the girl to CWC to take care of her. On the day of his sentencing, ASJ Lau came to know that the child had been given in adoption to a couple outside Delhi after considering her as abandoned.Accused had approached the court for his child's custody saying he does not want to lose his daughter and she should not be kept in the orphanage.He had pleaded that in his absence, the child should spend her childhood with her grandparents. The court, however, at that time had dismissed his plea saying he was facing charges of subjecting a minor to unnatural lust and sexually exploiting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740880", "title": "Beant Singh assassination case: Witnesses cross-examined", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the ongoing trial of Beant Singh assassination case, cross-examination of two witnesses was done in the local court on Thursday.Amid tight security cover Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) terrorists Jagtar Singh Hawara and Paramjit Singh Bheora were brought here from Tihar jail, Delhi.Statements of an official of Registration and Licencing Authority (RLA), Patiala, and an owner of mobile shop (in Sector 22 here) were cross-examined in the court Friday. Next date of hearing is slated for May 16.Hawara and Bheora had dug a tunnel to escape Burail jail on January 21, 2004. They were the masterminds of the assassination of Beant Singh at the high-security state secretariat complex on August 31, 1995.Beant Singh, former chief minister (1992-95), was largely credited with wiping out terrorism from Punjab by dealing with scourge with an iron hand along with supercop K P S Gill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12745208", "title": "Centre files caveat in PIL to stop Lt Gen Bikram Singh's appointment as Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has filed a caveat in the public interest litigation (PIL) submitted by Admiral (retd) Ramdos and others in the Supreme Court to stop the appoint of Lt General Bikram Singh as the next Army chief.The move by the Centre is to ensure that the PIL petitioners do not get any ex-parte orders in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740816", "title": "Father of two arrested for raping minor girl", "text": "INDORE: A 14-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her neighbour on Wednesday night when she was returning home from work place in MIG area here. The accused, who is married and father of two kids, has been arrested on Thursday from his residence, said police.Police said that Ankita (name changed) was returning home when Ajay Aharwar saw her at Astha talkies and offered to drop at home. The accused told the victim that he was also going to his home, which is in her neighbourhood, said police.The girl lives in Sethi Nagar and works near Astha talkies, said the police. Ajay is married and father of two children and is running a shop near Astha Talkies, the police said.Police said that the accused allegedly took the girl at a deserted place and allegedly raped her. He then dropped the girl on the road and threatened her not to inform the incident to anybody.The girl reached to home and narrated the incident to her mother, who along with the victim reached MIG police station and lodged a complaint against Ajay.Police have booked Ajay under Section 363 (Punishment for kidnapping), 376 (Punishment for rape), 506 (Punishment for criminal intimidation) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738723", "title": "Sole SOS to National Environmental Engineering and Research Institute on Bhandewadi stink", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole has taken up the issue of stinking Bhandewadi garbage dumpyard. He has written to director of city-headquartered National Environmental Engineering and Research Institute (NEERI) seeking help in stopping the stink that has made life miserable for people in several localities in east Nagpur. The letter was delivered to NEERI on Thursday.Sole said that residents of localities around Bhandewadi have been complaining for a long time about the stink. There have been several public agitations over the dumpyard. Garbage collected from all over the city is dumped in the open space here. While a compound wall has been constructed, the stink from the garbage is too strong, especially in rainy season.What has compounded the problem is a number of abattoirs in the area. Carcass and remains of animals are disposed of in the dumpyard too. The localities that bear the brunt of the foul smell include Wathoda, Paldi, and Hiwri Layout. The stink even wafts to localities like Hasanbagh, Nandanvan, Chhapru Nagar, Wardhaman Nagar and Deshpande Layout where palatial bungalows of businessmen have come up in recent years. Marriage and banquet halls in these areas have guests complaining about the smell.The mayor wants NEERI scientists to find a solution and ways to control the stink, sources told TOI. While details of how the NMC would collaborate with NEERI have not been spelt out, mayor is hoping that scientific waste management techniques would come to the rescue. Agitating residents have in the past demanded shifting of dumpyard as new localities have come up close to it. As the population is increasing, the privatized garbage collection has increased the quantum of rubbish coming in.There have been suggestions to decentralize garbage collection and start new dumpyards at four new sites in different corners of the city. There was also a proposal to use reclaimed land at Bhandewadi to set up a power plant. These plans have remained on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739102", "title": "High court seeks report on fire safety systems in high-rises", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday directed the civic body to submit a report within a week on the status of the installation of fire safety systems in high-rises of the city.A division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala has told the authority to submit a report on the buildings situated in the limits of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority ( AUDA).The court's action is based on a petition filed in 2009. It was filed by one Prakash Nambiar who sought HC's directions to the authorities, which he said did not take steps to ensure adequate fire protection and safety systems in the city's high-rises.Nambiar's counsel, Amit Panchal, contended that measures had not been taken despite clear directions to the civic authorities by the high court a decade ago. These directions were confirmed by the Supreme Court.The petitioner claimed that the civic authorities failed to provide adequate infrastructure to the Ahmedabad Fire &amp; Emergency Services to tackle natural disasters. He even asked whether the passive authorities should be permitted to play with the life and safety of citizens by not complying with the law laid down by the court.Earlier, a civil rights organization, Lok Adhikar Sangh, had raised the issue of implementation of building and traffic by-laws, and a division bench had issued directions in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12740893", "title": "Staff crunch hits Assam Medical College as 112 posts lie vacant", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Set up in 1947, Dibrugarh's Assam Medical College and Hospital has been a pioneer in the field of healthcare and medical education. However, the northeast's premier institution - formerly known as Berry White Medical School - has been facing an acute shortage of staff for the past couple of years.As per latest records, as many as 112 posts of gazetted staff have been lying vacant at the region's oldest medical college.With almost all key departments - anesthesiology, SPM, radio therapy, anatomy, physiology, radio diagnosis, microbiology dermatology, psychiatry, paediatrics, plastic surgery, ophthalmology and dentistry - bearing the brunt, the college has been struggling to impart education to students as well as provide medical facilities to patients at the hospital. The highest number of vacancy is in the department of medicine with 13 posts unoccupied. Other departments facing similar shortage include have been lying vacant. Among the positions lying vacant are those of registrars, resident physicians, professors, associate and assistant professors, resident surgeons, demonstrator and senior physicists.Assam Medical College superintendent Nripen Gogoi said: \"We've urged the state government to fill up the vacancies. In spite of depleted human resources we're trying our best to provide best health care services to patients. Apart from catering to hundreds of outdoor patients everyday, we have 1,365 beds at the medical college and 90% of them are always occupied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738482", "title": "Telecos should verify subscriber documents, demand retailers", "text": "PANAJI: The ongoing impasse between the telecom distributors and retailers and the service providers is threatening to boil over.At its annual general body meeting attended by over 250 retailers on Wednesday, the Goa Mobile Retailers Association (GMRA) passed a resolution demanding that the verification of subscriber forms and documents be carried out by a third-party appointed by the telecom companies irrespective of service provider. Until now, retailers were tasked with doing the verification.The All Goa FMCG and Telecom Distributors Association (AGFTDA) is involved in a tussle with Idea Cellular from March 27, after the company terminated one of the Idea distributors. While the company attributed it to performance issues, AGFTDA president B M Prabhudesai said the real reason behind the termination was the distributor not complying with diktats on quick activation of connections without proper verification of documents.\"How can the company which sent a letter appreciating the performance of the distributor a month before, suddenly terminate the distributor?\" asked Chetan Kapdi, coordinator of AGFTDA.Retailers feel the telecom operators are putting them at undue risk by activating connections without proper verification especially with terrorism concerns. Some retailers reveal that they have even been called for police questioning in this regard.\"Goa is a tourist destination and a lot of foreigners and Indian tourists purchase SIM cards in the state. How are we to verify their credentials,\" said Vilanova Lobo, general secretary of GMRA.The termination led to the distributors announcing a strike and retailers also joined the distributors by stopping the purchase and sale of Idea Cellular products such as SIM cards and recharge vouchers from their outlets. This has affected around 3.5 lakh Idea Cellular prepaid subscribers in the state who are facing difficulties in recharging their mobile accounts.Lobo said while some consumers are switching operators through the mobile number portability option, others are purchasing new connections from an alternate provider. Idea -- which is estimated to hold 25% of market share in the state -- is likely to take a considerable hit in revenue, said sources.Through their resolution, retailers are also demanding that the commissions on recharge vouchers be increased to 5% from the existing 2.3%. They also want all telecom companies to stop selling new connections through roadside umbrella kiosks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740536", "title": "Two killed over sand mining in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Two people were killed and as many injured on Thursday after they clashed with a rival group over sand mining from a river in Madhya Pradesh's Shajapur district.Police identified the slain as Bame Singh (50) and Dilip Singh (32) and the injured as Jojar Singh and Lalji Ram.Area sub divisional police officer Ravi Atroliya said the attackers had a valid license for the mining but the rival group had accused them of illegal mining. He said the clash happened after the rival group also got the license some days back.Atroliya said 16 people have been booked for the murders and five of them have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741068", "title": "Government orders closure of 10 colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has ordered closure of 10 colleges, including five degree colleges, due to their failure to enroll any student during the ongoing academic session.\"On perusal of records it was revealed that you have not enrolled any student during 2011-12. Hence it may be construed that your college is closed down,\" a Wednesday letter from Bhubaneswar regional director of education to principals of these colleges read.The closed degree colleges include Anchalika Mahavidyalaya at Nathasahi in Jajpur district, Gouri Shankar Mahavidyalaya at Khadiasole and Chaitanya Prasad College at Bhanjakia in Mayurbhanj district, Prahallad Mahavidyalaya at Padmavati in Nayagarh district and Jhadeswarpur College in Cuttack district.Four of the colleges are from Khurda district. They include Vision College (+2 Sc) at Janala, Vidyansh Intermediate College and Vivekananda Residential College at Bubaneswar, ADS College of Science and Commerce at Jatani. Among others, Regional (Junior) Science College Puri also downed shutters.Regional director of education Dr Kamala Prasad Mahapatra said showcause notice was issued to the colleges showing nil admissions earlier. \"The closure decision was taken after going through their explanations,\" he said.Names of these colleges will be deleted from SAMS (students academic management system) website, which is used for the mandatory online admission process for Plus II and Plus III.Notably, in February the government had decided to prohibit Plus II admissions in 22 junior colleges for similar reasons of not being able to enroll any students in the current session. All the closed junior colleges featured in that list. The government had also issued showcause notice to principals of over 80 colleges to explain poor enrolment and bad results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12738619", "title": "ITBP band to showcase itself in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: People attending the Chithirai festival in the city this time will come in for a pleasant surprise, as the elite police band of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) force will perform for the first time in the southern part of India during the festival days.The band will display its musical skills at the eastern entrance of Meenakshi Amman temple from April 27 to May 3, during the evenings from 7 to 9.The event has been organised by the recently established Recruits Training Centre (RTC) of ITBP, at Padamathur in Sivaganga district, in collaboration with the Meenakshi Amman temple authorities.According to sources from RTC, this display for the temple festival comes as part of the golden jubilee celebrations of ITBP, which began from October 24, 2011.R K Pataria, DIG of RTC, said this initiative was one of the efforts towards depicting the 50 years of service by the ITBP. \"To mark this occasion, as part of a nationwide programme, this renowned band will be on display for the first time in the southern part of India,\" he said. \"This endeavour also reflects the objective of ITB police, which stepped recently on southern soil, towards amalgamating itself with the customs and traditions of the local population,\" he said.ITBP officials said the brass brand of the police was raised in 1973 and started participating at the Republic Day parade from 1977.The ITBP has won best the marching contingent award during 1998, 1999, 2000, 2004 and 2011. The band had also won many All-India Police Band competitions. \"The band will perform for the public during the Chithirai festival. Soon after the festival, the band will perform at the Marina Beach in Chennai and later in Bangalore,\" an official from ITBP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12739627", "title": "Alagiri men unfazed by DMK action", "text": "MADURAI: Supporters of Union chemicals and fertilizers minister M K Alagiri are unfazed by the DMK crackdown on party functionaries for not attending a public meeting addressed by M K Stalin here.While some of the functionaries are awaiting the return of the minister to Madurai on Friday, some of them had already sent their replies to the show-cause notice.\"I have sent the reply today (Thursday). A few others have also sent their replies explaining the reason behind their absence from the public meeting and the youth wing interview session,\" said one functionary.\"Issuing show-cause notice is a democratic exercise. Being members of a democratic party, we welcome the action and we will face it,\" said another functionary who received the notice. \"We will meet Annan (Alagiri) once he returns to Madurai on Friday. Then we will decide on our response to the show-cause notice,\" he said.A number of supporters of Alagiri, including former mayors G Thenmozhi and Kulandaivel, former deputy mayor P M Mannan, executive committee members V K Gurusamy, Pottu Suresh and M Dharmalingam, former MLAs Ghouse Batcha and Misa Pandian and several others were conspicuous by their absence during the public meeting held last Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738656", "title": "Railway safety staff misused again", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Central Railway is at it again! In blatant violation of railway rules, the operating department is misusing safety category staff, which ideally should work outdoors at roadside stations but is working indoors at officers' bungalows.TOI after seeking information under the RTI had twice exposed in 2011 how the staff from stations is being asked to work in the bungalows. The practice remained suspended for a few months but has again started clandestinely.The latest is that there are still at least 15 employees, most of them pointsmen, who are doing household chores like washing utensils, clothes, cooking food, ironing clothes etc at officials' quarters. TOI has list of 12 such employees.P D Patil, public relations officer (PRO), Central Railway, flatly denied the charge that safety category staff is being misused. \"No such employees are working at officials' bungalows,\" he told TOI.However, sources said of the 12 employees diverted from the roadside stations - two are from Butibori, three from Ajni, two including a woman from Bharatwada, one each from Godhni, Gumgaon, Wardha, Ghuggus, and Ballarshah railway stations.As per rules these employees, if posted at Nagpur from original place of working, must be paid TA/DA but they don't get any allowances.\"Railway mishaps are increasing. How can passenger safety be ensured if such a large number of safety department employees are misutilised for non-railway work. It invites vigilance inquiry,\" asked a section of railway officials.Each of the above employees draws a salary of Rs 20,000 per month for working in the field. However, by deploying them in the quarters is like creating artificial shortage of safety staff and sheer waste of government money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12741155", "title": "Odisha government ready for DNA test to end baby swap controversy", "text": "CUTTACK: The state government on Thursday expressed willingness before the Orissa high court to conduct DNA test to put an end to the alleged baby swap controversy at SCB Medical College and Hospital. The health and family welfare department informed the court in an affidavit that it is ready to bear the expenses of the DNA test of the baby girl, who is lying abandoned in the special newborn unit of the hospital for the past 21 days.The affidavit came in pursuance of the high court's direction, asking the state government to clarify its stand on the issue. \"The health and family welfare department has expressed its willingness to conduct the DNA test of the baby to resolve the dispute,\" said petitioner's counsel, Gopal Krushna Mohanty.The direction came in response to a petition filed by Susanta Mallick, who had alleged that his wife had delivered a baby boy on March 30, but the baby was swapped with a girl child by the SCB hospital staff. Susanta also urged the court to conduct a DNA test to ascertain the parents of the baby girl, who is now lying unclaimed in the hospital.SCB authorities filed their reply in the court, refuting the baby swap allegation. SCB authorities mentioned in the affidavit that petitioner Susanta Mallick's wife Rashmita had given birth to a female baby at 5.20 pm on March 30, and at that time no other baby was born in the gynecology ward of the hospital so the allegation of baby swap holds no ground. But the petitioner's counsel strongly opposed the version of the SCB authorities and claimed that as per hospital records one Nirupama Mallick, wife of Sukant Mallick had given birth to a baby boy just few minutes before Rashmita's delivery. He further alleged that both babies were kept in a single tray after birth and their surnames were also the same, hence there could have been exchange of the babies.Taking note of the arguments, the division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice S K Mishra directed to make the other couple Sukant and Nirupama Mallick, a party to the case. \"The court felt that it is important to listen to the other couple also. The matter will be taken up for hearing next week,\" said Mohanty. The court has also directed SCB authorities to take proper care of the baby girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739510", "title": "Turned away from shop, cricket fan stabs owner", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was stabbed by his neighbour on Wednesday night after the victim prevented him from watching an Indian Premier League match on his television, police said. The incident took place at Sun Light Colony in southeast Delhi.The victim, Govind Lal (48), runs a shop near his house in Kilokri village. Around 10:30pm, Lal was shutting down his shop when one of his neighbor's, Valu Gandhi (25), asked him to let him watch IPL match at his shop for some time. Lal, however, turned down his plea saying he was unwell. At this, Gandhi felt outraged and he had an argument with Lal, cops said.Govind's wife intervened and tried to pacify Gandhi. Gandhi left the spot, but he soon returned with a knife and attacked Lal, police said. Lal's left side of the face was injured.\"Lal was taken to All India Institute of Medical sciences Trauma Center. He was discharged after preliminary treatment. A case under Section 324 of IPC has been registered. Gandhi was held and released on bail,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738809", "title": "Railway passengers robbed of cash, gold", "text": "NAGPUR: Two railway passengers were robbed of gold and diamond valuables and cash worth Rs 25.67 lakh from Korba Express (Raipur to Trivandrum) in the wee hours of Thursday.Complainants, PT Mohanan, his wife and daughter and Taradevi Jain and her family had their reservation in S-7 coach. They claimed that the theft took place between 3am and 4am when both the families were asleep.The train was passing from Durg to Nagpur when the thieves fled with valuables and cash. Among the stolen material, 18 tola gold and Rs 9,000 was carried by Mohanan's newly married daughter while diamond sets and gold ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh and Rs 26,000 belonged to Jain.The robbery came to light at Nagpur. By the time Mohanan and Jain stopped the train, it had left the station. Hence, the initial complaint was lodged with Ballarshah railway police and then shifted to Nagpur railway police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739170", "title": "Kidnapping: 1 held at old Delhi station", "text": "NOIDA: A joint team of UP police and Delhi Police arrested a person on Wednesday who allegedly kidnapped a 13-year old from Moradabad. However, the accused has not divulged any information about the boy's whereabouts. The man was arrested from old Delhi Railway station.The accused, Shakti Singh, is a resident of Noida. The victim, Sadiq Raza, student of a private school in Moradabad, had gone missing on April 9. When he did not return to his residence, his family filed a complaint with the UP police.\"On April 14 at 10.30pm, the accused called me up telling me that my son is in his custody. He told me to come to Laxmi Nagar to get my son. We reached the place within three hours and called up the accused. However, his phone was switched off. We narrated the entire sequence to Noida police and Delhi Police and sought their help,\" said Aley Nabi, Raza's father.The family has blamed senior police officials for inaction. \"Officials were reluctant to handle the case. If cops would have swung into action, Raza could have been rescued,\" said Azam Khan, the victim's relative who works at the Army hospital in New Delhi.\"We are questioning the accused. So far, we have no information on Raza,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "12739878", "title": "Pawar hints at lifting cotton export ban", "text": "ANAND: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Thursday said that Government of India will take a favourable decision with regard to the curbs imposed on export of cotton.Addressing a gathering during the launch of phase one of National Dairy Plan of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB), Pawar said a favourable decision for cotton farmers is expected soon.In the presence of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, Pawar said Gujarat is facing a big problem after export ban. \"As agriculture minister, I am sure that a favourable decision will come soon. In next eight to 10 days, farmers of Gujarat and especially those of Saurashtra, will get their due,\" he said.Later addressing mediapersons, he said that for any country, switch on/switch off export policy is not good. \"It sends out wrong signals at international level,\" said Pawar, adding that there is still scope for further export of cotton.While a final decision will be taken on April 23, when a meeting has been called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to discuss objections raised by Pawar on curbs imposed by government on export of farm produce like cotton, sugar and milk, Pawar said he expects a favourable decision. The Union minister, however, said that he is not sure whether there will be any caps when the export ban is lifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740841", "title": "Water rates in Mysore to go up from May", "text": "MYSORE: Get ready to pay more for water from May. Water rates for domestic and commercial consumptions have been hiked with effect from May 1. This comes when most residential areas are facing drinking water crisis due to insufficient supply for the past month. Vani Vilas Water Works (VVWW), the water supplying arm of Mysore City Corporation, executive engineer S Subramanya said water rates have been revised across the state. He said the tariff has been increased three-fold; earlier the minimum charge was Rs 60 but from May 1, it'll be Rs 175.ACICM convener M Lakshmana on Thursday said the hike not justifiable. He alleged that earlier the minimum charge was Rs 60 up to 25,000 litres for domestic use per month and for every 1,000 litres after that, Rs 2 was charged. But from next month, Rs 56 for 8,000 litres has been fixed as minimum rate and after that, a consumer has to pay Rs 9 for every 1,000 litres, he said. He threatened to launch a protest if the rates are not rolled back.Lakshmana said under JNNURM, crores of rupees have been released to streamline water supply but the project is yet to be completed. As per JNNURM rules, water rates can only be revised after finishing the drinking water projects,\" he said.==", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739032", "title": "Govt shies away from taking stand on Ram Sethu", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday shied away from taking a stand in the Supreme Court on whether it intended to confer national monument status on Ram Sethu, a geographical feature in the Palk Strait between India and Sri Lanka resembling the mythological bridge built by Lord Rama's monkey army in epic Ramayana.On March 27, the court had asked the Centre to spell out its stand on Ram Sethu while hearing a five-year-old petition by Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy seeking national monument status for Ram Sethu and scrapping of the Sethu Samudram shipping channel project on the ground that it involved dredging of the revered mythological feature.Additional solicitor general Harin Raval informed a bench of Justices H L Dattu and A R Dave that he had received no instruction from the Centre on filing of an affidavit to respond to Swamy's petition.\"I asked them (the officials concerned) in writing but they have not responded. Even today I asked them is that what you want me to say that the government does not wish to file any affidavit. But there was no answer. I am in a dilemma,\" the ASG said.The bench understood the law officer's predicament and decided to proceed with the hearing of Swamy's petition in the third week of August if there were no affidavit from either the Centre or Tamil Nadu government.The bench told Raval: \"This court cannot direct you to file a counter affidavit. It is for you to say this is our stand...for the present we will say that none of the contesting respondents intend to file any affidavit.\"The ASG said that he was not in a position to state anything further to the apex court. The bench said: \"We know you have to go by instruction. You may have your reservations on the instructions received but you cannot take a different stand.\"Four years ago, the Centre had created a flutter by filing an affidavit doubting the existence of Ram Sethu and Lord Rama in its response to the petition challenging the dredging of the geographical feature, now referred scientifically as Adam's Bridge. But, it had hurriedly withdrawn the affidavit from the apex court to quell a raging controversy over its stand.Swamy attempted to take advantage of the Centre's dilemma and said: \"It is unprecedented. This means the Government has nothing to say on my contention. It is quite interesting as it is a matter of government policy and the government has nothing to say on it.\"Raval said that the Centre would prefer to go by its earlier affidavit in the main matter filed on July 29, 2008. The Centre had contended that Parliament had the sole power to declare any historical or geographical heritage or building or feature as a national monument.Whether an ancient monument is of national importance was entirely left to Parliament to decide and to this extent, the demand by several petitioners to declare it as a national monument could not be entertained by Courts, the Centre had argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738227", "title": "Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad to help HC in digitalising court records", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Allahabad High Court on March 28 to help in digitalising the court records.Informing this, director IIIT-A, Prof M D Tiwari said that \"As part of the sensitive and major project, in the next five years IIIT-A will undertake the major exercise of scanning and digitalising all documents of the high court as part of this Rs 5 crore project. The comprehensive exercise will include IT infrastructural development, manpower training, maintenance of the digitised documents and mechanism\".Out of the Rs 5 crore budget of the project would include Rs 2.87 crore for the running cost and Rs 2.04 crore for other miscellaneous expenses.It is worth mentioning that IIIT-A is already involved in prestigious international projects of setting up and maintaining an 'ASEAN S&T; Digital Library' as well as 'Universal Digital Library (UDL)' involving more or less similar tasks.It is pertinent to mention that both the Supreme Court and the High Courts are designated court of records and needs to maintain all past records. This mission will involve scanning and digitisation of documents related to all decided cases as well. We expect that while on one hand this will free the large number of rooms where these documents are being stored presently for other uses, it will also help speed up the judicial processes significantly,\" said Tiwari.He added that the court has majority of documents on computers post 2007.\"It is the bulk of the records before 2007 that will form the thrust of the mission. Depending upon its progress, we also plan to go for similar digitalisation of documents at the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court later on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738424", "title": "Man set himself ablaze, dies", "text": "PANAJI: A 45-year-old man set himself ablaze at his residence at Santa Cruz on Wednesday evening.He was rushed by his neighbours for treatment, but succumbed to his injuries at Goa Medical College and hospital (GMC).The victim, Kalapa Naik, who works as a labourer, was alone at home on Wednesday.At about 4 pm, he poured kerosene and set himself ablaze.Hearing his screams, the neighbors rushed to his residence and rescued him.Police sources said that Naik had tried to commit suicide on two occasions in the past but he had been saved by his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12739035", "title": "Skits, poems to mark World Haemophilia Day", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Haemophilia Society is celebrating World Haemophilia Day on April 22 at Sayakhedkar Natyagriha between 6 pm and 8 pm.Trustees of Nasik Run Trust will be the guests of honour along with Dr Sanjay Varade, neurologist and director of Sopan Hospital, and Vishwas Thakur, chairman of Vishwas Co-operative Bank. Doctors and students from Motiwala Homeopathic College will enact a skit conveying information about haemophilia and the work done by the Haemophilia Society, Nashik chapter society. Sadanand Joshi and his team will present selected poems by poet Kusumagraj.Haemophilia Federation India, Nashik branch, has been working on a project since the last four years, wherein 100 haemophilia patients are provided homeopathy treatment along with regular treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12738103", "title": "Further decline in Ganga level could be disastrous: Jal Sansthan", "text": "KANPUR: The decline in the level of the Ganga has alarmed the Jal Sansthan authorities. The water is not being released from the Ganga barrage into the river, causing its level to go down drastically. The authorities claim that if the level declines further, even by two to three inches, it could prove disastrous. At present, the level of the Ganga is 357.3ft.It is important to mention here that a large quantity of water is released into the Ganga flowing towards Kanpur from the Narora dam. But, so far, the water discharged into the river from the dam is not much. This has dipped the level to such an extent that the bed is clearly visible. The situation at the ghats is not much different. The river has drifted away and this has been worrying the environmentalists and nature lovers.Almost a week back, water was discharged from Ganga barrage, which had upped the level at Bhairoghat from where the water is pumped for meeting the needs of the people. But it not sufficient in the present times. The scenario is such that whatever water the river has at present, looks black and pale in colour. This is because of discharge of untreated water of tanneries and throwing of garbage into the river.The temples situated on the ghats are also playing a major role in polluting the river.At Sarsiyya and Parmat ghats, the sewage waste and garbage has been polluting the holy river.Under such circumstances, it has become difficult for the Jal Sansthan to pump out water to be supplied in the city. At present, special pumps are being used to pump water from Ganga barrage to bring water to Bhairoghat. However, several areas are receiving polluted water.Due to decline in the level, the water at Ranighat, Bhairoghat, Magazine Ghat, Parmat Ghat and Sarsiyya Ghat has become polluted. The Jal Sansthan is using high doses of chemicals to purify it.In its edition of April 18, TOI had pointed out that if water is not released from Narora dam into river Ganga soon, it may lead to scarcity in the city.The workers of the pumping station told TOI that the prevailing situation is grave. They said that the efforts are made every day to bring water close to the pumping station as the river channel has drifted. They said that despite demanding for water discharge from Narora dam, no heed has been paid towards it. If this situation prevails, it would become difficult to meet requirements in the months of May and June, said the workers of the Bhairoghat pumping station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739367", "title": "Leadership crisis will blow over, Eshwarappa tells cadre", "text": "BANGALORE: The beleaguered BJP is hoping the chaos and confusion in the party would be resolved in the next 15 days.During the office-bearers' meet on Thursday, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa reportedly told party leaders that the leadership crisis the party is facing would be resolved by the central leaders in the next 15 days. His reply came when some party workers reportedly told Eshwarappa that they are unable to answer the cadre on the fight over the CM's chair between chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa.Preferring not to elaborate on this issue, Eshwarappa asked the volunteers to concentrate on providing relief in drought-hit taluks. Sources said the party would soon constitute eight teams to study drought in the state. Some of these teams would also visit regions already visited by Yeddyurappa. \"All eight teams will submit their reports to the chief minister and party president,\" sources said.Party spokesperson C T Ravi told reporters that 10 teams would be constituted at the taluk level to study drought. \"These teams will give reports to district party presidents, which will be given to the state unit chief. The chief will compile them and submit a comprehensive report to the chief minister,\" Ravi said.Meanwhile, Sadananda Gowda, who was denied the green signal for cabinet expansion by the party bosses, is learnt to have decided to distribute the portfolios he holds to senior ministers. Gowda, who holds more than 20 portfolios, has reportedly told his close circle that he is unable to handle all of them, and key portfolios like revenue, health, mines and geology, higher education , women and child development, and cooperation would be distributed among senior ministers.Commenting on this, Union labour minister Mallikarjun M Kharge said the number of portfolios Gowda held had become a stumbling block for the state government to take up drought relief work. \"Infighting in the ruling party has also made bureaucrats complacent as ministers are busy politicking. There is absolutely no fear among bureaucrats,\" he said.Instead of asking the Centre to release Rs 2,600 crore for drought relief work, the state government should spend unutilized money under various programmes, Kharge said. \"Has the government spent funds from the account of minor and major irrigation, the public works department or any other accounts? It should first spend these sums and then approach the central government for more funds,\" Kharge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738377", "title": "Now, train location a mouse click away", "text": "PATNA: The newly introduced 'satellite imaging of the rail navigation (SIMRAN)' device has evoked a good response from passengers across the country. The new device was introduced as a pilot project last year. It enables passengers to know the exact location of any train, the platform on which it would arrive and the position of any particular coach.According to a Railway Board official, this device is the result of the combined effort of the Research Design and Standard Organization (RDSO), Lucknow, and the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT-K). Passengers can visit the site www.simran.in to know the exact detail of train movement. Besides, passengers can also send a message from their cellphone to 09415139139, detailing therein the number of any particular train to know its position.The railways has already introduced the new device in six trains, including Delhi-Howrah Rajdhani Express, New Delhi-Sealdah Rajdhani Express, Mumbai-Delhi Rajdhani Express, Mumbai-Nizamuddin Rajdhani Express and Delhi-Lucknow Shatabdi Express, the official said. He added that about 80% of the mail and express trains would be brought under surveillance of this device soon.According to sources, the railways has modified the new device to make it more effective. Under the new system, in addition to the location of train movement, the device would also inform passengers about the speed of the train and its arrival and departure time at any particular station, the sources said.Fed up with the frequent complaints regarding wrong and evasive replies about train movement by the railway inquiry system, the Railway Board decided to introduce this system to fulfil the needs of computer and cellphone savvy passengers. The information being transmitted through SIMRAN could be cent per cent correct as the railways has been constantly keeping tabs on train movements through the centralized control system, the official said.That apart, the railways has also introduced \"real time train information system\" to cater to the needs of passengers. This system gives information to the railway inquiry system about the movement of trains across the country. Passengers keen to know the exact position of any train, can learn about the same from the railway inquiry system. Information disseminated through interactive voice system 139 is hardly correct, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740953", "title": "Motorists park all over walkways", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People are parking their vehicles on the newly constructed pedestrian pathways in Sector 17, defeating the very purpose of having these by connecting one row of showrooms with the other, across parking lots. And this is happening due to lack of monitoring.The development has come just a day after the construction of the 10foot wide pedestrian pathways in the parking lots with a view to make it a pedestrians' paradise, at a huge expense to the MC. From what is happening now it seems that this work was carried out without proper planning.Criticizing the role of civic body in going ahead with the project, J S P Kalra, general secretary of Sector 17 traders' association said, \"The construction of pedestrian pathways in the parking lots is a sheer wastage of money, as it is not solving any purpose. This 'remedy' is way off the mark of dealing with the issue of decongesting the area.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The work is under progress and signboards and other notice boards are yet to be placed. Besides that we will also take the help of police in challaning vehicles parked on the pathways.\"The engineering wing of the civic body had on Monday earmarked three parking lots of the piazza for construction of pedestrian pathways. Later the pathways in the parking lots, connecting the these to shops were constructed. For this scheme to succeed the vehicles should be parked in the parking lots and not on pedestrian pathways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12740677", "title": "Jalandhar factory collapse: ESI Corporation serves notices to Shital Vij for violations", "text": "JALANDHAR: The ESI Corporation has served two show cause notices on Shital Vij and his unit Shital Fibers, asking why action should not be taken against him under penal provisions of ESI Act for failing to comply with the provisions of the Act, mandatory for every industrial unit. The notices have been pasted on the wall of another unit owned by Vij and located opposite the ill-fated unit.These notices have stated that Vij was not making ESI payment, had not insured his workers as mandated by the Act and in the past also he had failed to deposit the contributions from employees. The notice served by deputy director ESI, Jalandhar states that failing to comply with these provisions was an offence and Act provided that punishment could extend to two years imprisonment for each time an offence would be committed.Another notice has said, even as the factory had collapsed no detail was sent about the injured employees to the ESI office. This notice has stated that he needed to send the details failing which penal action could be taken against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739311", "title": "Silent march to seek justice for slain teen", "text": "MUMBAI: Seeking justice for 16-year-old Ansh Agarwal, an Andheri resident who was beaten to death on Tuesday, a group of Mumbaikars held a silent march on Carter Road in Bandra on Thursday evening. The story of the teenager, who was killed by a classmate at a tuition class and his aides, with iron rods and bamboo sticks is a replay of the murders of Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandes in Amboli, they felt.\"His own classmate planned the attack after Ansh had a brawl with him over a lewd text message sent to a girl in their class,\" said Akarsh, Ansh's elder brother who witnessed the attack. \"About 10.30pm, the accused, with a group of boys, knocked on my door and asked for my brother. He wasn't home and so I went out with the group to settle the matter. They forced me into an auto and called my brother near Kohinoor Hotel. After he came, they started beating us up. They hit him with rods and banged his head on paver-blocks.\" Akarsh rushed Ansh to hospital, but by then, it was too late. \"It was impossible to fight the mob that had come prepared for murder,\" he said. Ansh's cousin, Anand, who helped in lodging a complaint, said, \"There was a mob of about 30 that had been called to attack my brother. We want to make sure they're arrested.\"Ansh's family and friends started a group on Facebook, 'Stand up 4 Anshh Agarwal', on Thursday. The group already has support from more than 1,500 members, including Keenan's father Valerian Santos who posted: \"My advice to Ansh's father would be to stay strong, I know it is difficult.\"The rally on Carter Road, organized by mobilizing support on Facebook and BBM, saw Ansh's friends from school and college, holding placards that read, 'We want a safer Mumbai', 'Does humanity exist?' and 'As long as they are free, we are in danger'. \"It's hard to believe that mobsters can publicly murder someone in Mumbai,\" said Manav Kejriwal, a friend. \"Who were the goondas? How easy is it to pay mobs to murder someone?\" asked Ruchi Shah, a participant. \"Violence is becoming the go-to response for everything,\" said Suraj Chandrashekar, another in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12738800", "title": "Tailoring firm ordered to compensate for delay", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik consumer firm ordered a tailoring firm and readymade showroom to compensate a customer for mental harassment as the firm failed to deliver the clothes booked by him in time.On November 26, 2011, Rajendra Trivedi, who is a resident of Makhmalabad Naka, Panchavati, gave an order to Balaji Trading Company and Kathiawad to stitch two suits and deliver them on November 28 at an address in Mumbai. His son was getting married on December 4, 2011.After the deadline passed, Trivedi registered a case in the consumer court for the harassment he had been through. In his complaint, Trivedi said he received only one suit and trouser set. \"The delivery was incomplete and that too not at the time and place as promised. So I had to buy a new set of clothes from elsewhere,\" he claimed.The respondents claimed that the articles were ready but for the shirt and that they were ready to deliver the same by December 2. The complainant, however, refused to take the delivery.The court observed that since the wedding celebrations began on November 30, it was clear that the goods delivered were incomplete as per the order. The court therefore ordered two respondents to deliver a completely stitched suit to the complainant as per his bookings, and in the event of failure to do so, they should pay Rs 11,498 as compensation for the same.Since the consumer suffered mental harassment, he should be given Rs 3,500, as well as Rs 1,000 towards expenses incurred for filing the case, the court added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739130", "title": "Canister storage gives N-capable Agni-V missile flexibility", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the mischief played by weather gods a day earlier, the god of fire or ''Agni'' came into his own on Thursday morning to hurl a potent fireball more than halfway across the expanse of the Indian Ocean at over 20 times the speed of sound.India heralded a new era in its \"credible\" strategic deterrence capability by testing its most ambitious nuclear missile - the over 5,000-km range Agni-V - that brings all of China and much more within its strike envelope.With the launch of the 50-tonne missile from the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast at 8.07 am, and its 20-minute flight to an ''impact point towards western Australia'', India also yanked open the door to the super-exclusive ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) club that counts only the US, Russia, China, France and the UK as its members.India can, however, can sit at this high table only when the 17.5-metre tall Agni-V, which just about meets the 5,500-km ICBM benchmark, becomes fully operational after ''four to five repeatable tests'' and user-trials. It will be around 2015 that the three-stage, solid-fuelled missile will be ready for deployment by the tri-Service Strategic Forces Command.That didn't dampen the celebrations though. ''It's a game-changer...a super hit. India is a major missile power now. I don't think it will take more than two years for Agni-V to be ready for induction,'' an elated DRDO chief, V K Saraswat, told TOI soon after the test.Chief controller (missiles and strategic systems) Avinash Chander said, ''We have met all the mission objectives...All the three stages of propulsion, with indigenously developed composite rocket motors, worked perfectly.''The maiden test of Agni-V, designed to carry a 1.5-tonne nuclear warhead, expectedly generated waves around the globe. The missile, after all can deliver multiple warheads and cover the whole of Asia, 70% of Europe, eastern Africa and other regions, leaving only continental America beyond its deadly reach.Even as PM Manmohan Singh , defence minister A K Antony congratulated the scientists for ''doing the country proud'', the US took note of India's ''solid non-proliferation record''.China, however, made its displeasure clear despite its own huge nuclear and missile arsenals that completely dwarf the Indian capacity. Beijing, for instance, has well over four times the nuclear warheads that New Delhi possesses.Moreover, the People's Liberation Army has missiles like the 11,200-km Dong Feng-31A that can hit any Indian city, and even unnerves the US. It also has nuclear missile bases in Qinghai province, which house the DF-21 missiles that unmistakably target India.India, with a declared ''no first-use'' nuclear doctrine, could have gone in for a much higher range ICBM, say top officials. But Agni-V, with its ''very short reaction time as well as very high mobility for requisite operational flexibility'', takes care of India's ''current threat perceptions and primary area of concern''.The test itself was a huge technological and logistical challenge. After lifting-off from the mobile launcher at the test range, the missile being propelled by the first stage that burnt out and separated in 90 seconds tore into the sky.After heading into space during its parabolic trajectory, reaching an altitude of 600-km, the missile then re-entered the atmosphere powered by the third stage.The missile reached hypersonic velocities of around 7,000-metre per second in the terminal stage before splashing down in the southern Indian Ocean, all along being monitored by shore and warship-based tracking systems.''All three stages went off extremely well. The re-entry parameters were superb...all terminal events related to detonation of the warhead (it was a dummy payload for the test) happened in textbook style. As missile scientists, we could not have expected anything better,'' Saraswat told TOI.The armed forces have already inducted Agni-I (700-km) and Agni-II (2,500-km), which are both basically meant to account for a threat from Pakistan. The 3,000-km Agni-III (under induction), 3,500-km Agni-IV (tested for the first time last November) and Agni-V have been designed with China in their scheme of things.Unlike the earlier largely rail-mobile missiles, Agni-V can be easily stored in hermitically sealed canisters and swiftly transported atop launcher trucks by road. This will give the armed forces the required operational flexibility to pick and choose from where to launch the missiles.Agni-V has a ''highly accurate'' inertial navigation system and will get an even more potent punch with MIRV (multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles) warheads. An MIRV payload carries several nuclear warheads on a single missile that can be programmed to hit different targets.A flurry of MIRV missiles can hence completely overwhelm an adversary's ballistic missile defences. DRDO has also worked to reduce the radar and other ''signatures'' of missiles like Agni-IV and Agni-V to make them ''much more immune to counter-measures''.''Indigenous content'' in India's strategic missiles has ''gone up to such a level'', with ring-laser gyros, composite rocket motors, micro-navigation systems and the like, that ''no technology control regime'' can derail them any longer, added the DRDO chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739550", "title": "Illegal colonies: Dikshit directs Urban dev department to start work earliest", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the municipal polls drubbing, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday directed the urban development department to start development work in close to 65 illegal colonies at the earliest.The decision to start development work in illegal colonies was put on hold after it came to light early this year that that these colonies were given provisional regularization certificate despite not fulfilling the criteria.In a meeting with Urban Development minister A K Walia and senior officials of Urban Development department, Dikshit asked the department to start work in these colonies.\"We have decided that work must start immediately towards unauthorized colonies, at least in the 65 colonies where most related problems pertaining to technicalities have been sorted out. The work has to be continued where there are no problems.\"Besides, Dikshit has slated several meeting for Friday that will look into thecity's development work. \"We are holding series of meetings tomorrow to discuss the same,\" she added.In the recent municipal polls, regularization and development work in the illegal colonies of capital was one of the contentious issue on which political parties had fought elections. Congress has lost civic polls in many illegal colonies that face problems like sewer flow, water shortage and bad roads. In south Delhi's Pul Prahladpur, a designated illegal colony, a Congress candidate lost to BJP.The city has over 1,600 illegal colonies with a population of around 40 lakh. Before the 2008 Delhi Assembly elections, Congress government had frozen all construction work in 1,639 illegal colonies after giving them provisional regularization certificates. A partial certificate held the promise that the colonies would be regularized soon and sale and purchase of property would not be a problem after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12745187", "title": "Vazhakku En 18/9 certified U/A", "text": "Vazhakku En 18/9 has been certified by the Censor Board officials yesterday with a U/A. It is a crime thriller directed by Balaji Shakthivel, who has films like Samurai, Kaadhal and Kalloori to his credit.Mithun Murali, Sri, Urmila Mahanta and Manisha Yadav will make their debut in Kollywood with Vazhakku En 18/9. The music for this film has been scored by R Prasanna, a well know guitarist. Vazhakku En 18/9, according to industry sources, will hit the screens on May 4th.S. D. Vijay Milton has cranked the camera while Gopi Krishna has taken care of the film's editing. The film is jointly produced by Thirupathi Brothers and UTV Motion Pictures.Source:Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743772", "title": "Nicholas is an excellent screenwriter: Denise Di Novi", "text": "Hollywood Producer Denise Di Novi tells TOI. com why she's in awe of Nicholas SparksWe are all fans of Nicholas Sparks , the author. But the Producer Denise Di Novi tells why she liked Sparks, the screenwriter!Denise revealed, \"Nicholas is an excellent screenwriter. He's written a couple of other scripts and the first one I read, I was blown away by what a great screenwriter he was. I mean, really, really good. But it takes a lot of time away from him writing books and him supporting his books and producing and everything else. Timing wise, it's better to have somebody else put it down on paper and then Nick gives a tremendous amount of input on the screenplay.\"The Lucky One releases in India on 4th May 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737825", "title": "Girl murdered for resisting rape bid", "text": "KANPUR: A 13-year-old girl was murdered when she resisted rape bid by three youth at Manda village in Shivli in Ramabai Nagar on Wednesday. Two accused have been arrested.The body of the girl was found hanging in the house of one of the accused identified as Raju, who is also her neighbour.The girl was on her way to a nearby pond to wash clothes, when she was lured by three youth identified as Ghanshyam, Raju and Lalau alias Ram Avtar. Raju and Lalau have been arrested.Raju took her to his house. Where the three accused tried to rape her. When the girl tried to raise an alarm, they assaulted and killed her. Raju thereafter hanged the girl's body inside his house.When the girl's family members did not find her in the house, they began to search her only to find her body hanging in the house of their neighbour Raju. Villagers suspected involvement of Raju as he was missing from his house. They later caught him and Lalau.\"We became suspicious about trio when investigations pointed out that they were absconding from their homes,\" superintendent of police Rakesh Pradhan said.An FIR has been lodged on the basis of a complaint by the girl's father and a hunt has been launched to nab the third accused Ghanshyam. The post-mortem report indicated that the girl was tortured. A slide has been prepared and preserved for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743204", "title": "Priyanka Chopra delays Barfi!", "text": "Anurag Basu's woes continue over Barfi!. First it was the director's best friend Imtiaz Ali who reportedly took all of Ranbir Kapoor's dates for Rockstar. Next, Priyanka Chopra's dates have been a constant source of worry and delay for the project.The film's release has been pushed forward twice already. And we now hear that it maynot make the August 31 deadline after all.Reason? Priyanka Chopra still needs to shoot for two days.Says a source close to the film, \"Only Priyanka's portion remains to be shot, the film is complete. The producers have already postponed the release from July 13 to August 31 to give Peecee to devote a couple of days. But she's already started on Zanjeer.\"Ranbir we hear, is at the end of his patience with the delays. He just wants Barfi to be over.Apparently he has personally requested Priyanka to find the two days in her calendar.Basu rises to his heroine's defence. \"Our schedules went haywire and all the actors had to re-adjust their dates. Priyanka tried her best to accommodate us. I'm sure she will manage to give us the two crucial days.\"Meanwhile, Basu is working on his other leading lady Ileana's dubbing. Says he, \"Ranbir has no dubbing to do since he plays a deaf and mute character. I'm happy to say Ileana's Hindi has improved and she can confidently dub her own lines. Not bad for a girl who couldn't speak the language when she started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12740099", "title": "RTE Act gets mixed response", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the apex court upholding the constitutional validity of the RTE Act, greater challenges are looming large over schools for its implementation. Educational institutions are coming up with mixed versions on the landmark judgment which they say has opened up a pandora's box.Top schools in city expressed their opinion to TOI, on the decision of making 25% reservation for the underprivileged children in their schools.KVM School (Civil Lines) principal Navita Puri opines that there are no clear guidelines laid down by the SC when they mention poor children. ''I don't know on what basis they (authorities) are going to demarcate underpriviledged from the privileged ones. Also, who is going to compensate us for the fees and other expenses that will be incurred by us,'' says Navita.She adds that the issue lies in the policies framed by the government. She blames the government for forcefully imposing the judgment on them. ''They should also try and understand our limitations. It's very easy to come up with decisions, but there are other underlying factors that have to be looked after before the judgment's implementation,'' she said.Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar, principal Mona Singh thinks the decision will bring the disadvantaged children under psychological pressure.''It's not a bad decision but there is a great divide between the haves and the have nots. It might be alright for children from better-off families but I think the verdict is not going to go down too well with their parents,'' feels Mona. She also questioned the statement made by a minister - the school should not hike the fee of the privileged students but find other resources to get aids. ''I want to know what other aid the minister was talking about. We are a completely unaided school and we do not have any other source of receiving external assistance,'' she said.However, there are some who welcome the decision. Regional director of DAV Schools Ludhiana and Himachal zone, Rai Singh Patial has welcomed the verdict. ''The government could not provide quality education to children in their schools because of political reasons. We will definitely contribute to building the future of the deprived. And when these underpriviledged approach us we will not hesitate to provide them equal opportunities,'' shared Patial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738936", "title": "Take the first look at how your roads will change", "text": "CHENNAI: Walking down Radhakrishnan Salai will be a different experience in a few years if the corporation has its way. Past Music Academy and under the flyover, you may use a clean rest room to have a wash, get a cold drink from a stall and see around an art exhibition.Radhakrishnan Salai is but one of 70 roads and five flyovers the civic body is planning to work on for better utilization of space and aesthetic improvement of structures. The ball was set rolling on Thursday when NGO Chennai City Connect along with KSM Consultants, which specialises in urban planning, submitted a detailed study report to the corporation.Sources in the corporation said tenders would be floated in a couple of weeks and works are expected to begin within two months. The 16 roads will be part of a pilot project as the civic agency has identified 70 roads for upgradation including Sardar Patel Road, L B Road, Alwarpet Road and TTK Road. Sources said that five flyovers including those on Radhakrishnan Salai, Royapettah, Adyar Sardar Patel Road, Cenotaph Road and TTK Road will be the part of the project.According to the report, the selected roads will have pedestrian-friendly footpaths and benches. The space under the flyovers would be used for building public toilets, gardens, advertisement panels and stages for cultural activities. Bollards will demarcate these areas from the road and prevent illegal parking. The study report for the roads is made by Chennai City Connect and the beautification and space utilisation of flyovers is done by KSM Consultants and another group of artists.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy has promised better roads and flyovers in a few months. \"The main stretches and flyovers across the city will be given a facelift under this project. The idea is to make public amenities beautiful and functional,\" he said.Siddharth Moni, an architect with KSM Consultants, said that the mayor and corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan were keen on the project. KSM is considering landscaping and use of solar pipes under the flyovers for lighting. \"The space beneath the flyovers will also have cycle stands, a police bench and parking space for ambulances. \"The entire power needs for the facilities will be met by solar energy,\" said Moni. The long-term plans include an exclusive track for ambulances and police vehicles.The plans are aimed at making roads pedestrian- friendly and reducing traffic on the stretches. \"The tiled footpaths will more usable as there won't be any obstructions of electricity junction boxes and signboards,\" said a road expert involved in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739450", "title": "Odisha MLA kidnapping case: SC notice to Centre and state", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday entertained a PIL challenging the Odisha government's willingness to release jailed Naxals to buy the freedom of tribal BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka kidnapped by Maoists, wanting the state government to provide facts of the case in two weeks.The PIL sought the court's intervention as it apprehended that such actions by state governments will demoralize security forces having to combat insurgents in hostile situations and difficult terrain.A bench of Justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Misra issued notices to the state and the Centre after solicitor general R F Nariman said the Naveen Patnaik government would be in the best position to apprise the court about the ground situation relating to the kidnapping and the alleged deal for swapping the MLA with 29 Naxals lodged in jails.But it did not agree with the plea of PIL petitioner Maj Gen (retired) Gagandeep Bakshi's counsel Brijesh Kalappa that the court should monitor the process of exchanging prisoners for the MLA, which allegedly involves the state facilitating the release of the Naxals by not opposing their bail pleas.Kalappa informed the court that five Naxals were released on Wednesday on bail and alleged the petitioner feared that the other 24 could be let off through the state government's \"collusive\" action. The state government's inability to withstand blackmail by insurgent groups had a demoralizing effect on security forces who fight extremists in a difficult terrain, he said.On the petitioner's allegation that serious charges were being withdrawn against the Naxals, the bench asked, \"You are claiming this on the basis of media reports. We do not know at this stage whether the state has withdrawn. Are there any instructions for withdrawal?\"Both Nariman and the petitioner cited the Veerappan case in which the court had intervened to test the \"independence\" of the public prosecutor in withdrawal of TADA cases against the gang members of the sandalwood brigand, whose release was sought in exchange of freedom for kidnapped cine-star Rajkumar.But the solicitor general opposed the petitioner's other prayer to the court for framing of guidelines for tackling Maoist insurgency. The court made it clear to the petitioner that its interference was limited to ascertain the facts of the case. As regards monitoring the release of the jailed Maoists by the state, the bench said, \"Once bail applications are filed, orders will be made by the court in accordance with law. You can always oppose the bail applications.\"The petitioner, a counter-terror expert, claimed that the flawed policy to release Maoists should not be conceded by the states fighting the Naxal menace as this would deter the counter-insurgency operations carried out by security forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739787", "title": "Power theft: Elderly fined", "text": "NEW DELHI: Caught stealing power from a main service line five years ago, a 70-year-old woman was made to stand in the courtroom for an entire day as part of her punishment with the court taking a lenient view on the grounds that she was a senior citizen.The court also directed the woman to pay damages of Rs 2.05 lakh to BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd for the loss she caused to the discom by stealing 10 KW of power.Showing leniency to the convict on grounds of her age and alleged poverty, Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) S K Gupta sentenced Uttam Nagar resident Dhan Devi to detention \"till rising of the court\", but did not spare her the fine.Devi was caught tapping the main power line at her home in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741124", "title": "Medical counselling put off after list row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Thursday postponed the counseling for medical PG admission for in-service candidates following conflict over merit list. Candidates alleged that the merit list was 'doctored' to accommodate previous years' candidates, as a result of which their ranks have shifted.Umakant Satpathy, coordinator of medical PG selection committee, said, \"The counseling for in-service candidates has been postponed till further court orders are issued. We would inform the court about today's happenings and would act as per its order.\"According to sources, a divisional bench of Orissa high court asked the state government to include 28 candidates, who had qualified the PG entrance in 2011, in a combined merit list along with qualified candidates of 2012. As a result, the rank of several candidates has moved down in the list.The 27 candidates, who had appeared for the PG entrance exam in 2011, had moved the high court challenging the accuracy of some questions in the entrance exam. The court in its verdict said that there were spelling mistakes in some questions and those who have attempted the questions should be given full marks. On the basis of the court's directive, 27 candidates were qualified but could not be given admission as all seats were filled up for the 2011-12 academic session.The students again filed a writ petition in the high court, based on which the court ordered the government on April 12 to accommodate them in the 2012 merit list. Qualified candidates of 2012, however, staged a protest dharna at the counseling venue demanding cancellation of the proceedings. \"It was a shock to me when I found my rank today morning. It was changed from 38 to 61. I won't get any subject of my choice with this rank. This is not fair at all,\" said a visibly frustrated candidate.\"If the government had to accommodate last year's candidates they can tag them after us. When the exam was different, question paper and marks secured were different, how can they secure rank among us? By doing this they would deprive deserving candidates from studying a good subject. This shows the callousness of the state government. They are playing with the careers of young doctors,\" rued an in-service candidate Dr Balaram Behera.On the allegations of releasing a new merit list, Satpathy said, \"We just obeyed the court orders. We received a high court directive on Wednesday evening to release a combine merit list including 28 students, who had qualified the exam in 2011.\"A candidate, Saubhagya Das, who qualified the entrance in 2011, said, \"We are harassed by the state government since the past year. We have not demanded a place in the 2012 merit list but we want seats as we have qualified the test.\"There are 186 post graduate seats in three government and one private medical college in the state, of which about 87 seats are reserved for in-service candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740960", "title": "Couple\u2019s midnight ordeal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ugly face of unsafe night life of city once again came to light in Sector 26 on Wednesday when unidentified youths attacked a young couple from Ludhiana in Sector 26. The men in car robbed the woman's purse and thrashed her husband, who tried to chase the accused in his car, till Sector 17.The incident took place around 1.30am when Tarandeep Singh along with his wife Harveena left a restaurant-cum-lounge in Sector 26. Suddenly a youth snatched the purse from Harveena in the lane behind the showrooms on Madhya Marg. In his statement to police, Singh said, \"After snatching the purse, youth got into a car, parked at some distance in which three-four youths were already sitting.\"Sources said Tarandeep started chasing the car and intercepted it near Sector 17, but the assailants overpowered him and managed to escape after thrashing him.Singh again came to Sector 26 and approached police to lodge his complaint. Meanwhile, medical examination of Singh confirmed injuries and his car was also damaged while he was chasing accused youths. Sources maintained that there is possibility that couple and unidentified youths might have had a tiff inside the Tao disc.The incident has put a question mark on the efficiency of Chandigarh police as incident took place at the distance of 50metres from police station Sector 26. Meanwhile, when incident took place no PCR vehicle was also not there. Police officials have told Tao management to provide the footage of the CCTV cameras installed on the rear and exit gate of restaurant-cum-lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740100", "title": "Gravel, cement conduits on pavements around Sarasbaug deny pedestrians right of way", "text": "PUNE: The pavements bordering Sarasbaug, a popular garden in the heart of the city, are not for pedestrians.Encroachments and a large number of stalls occupy them and deny walkers the space to move freely and in safety. The garden has a large number of visitors throughout the day. The footpaths are in good condition but off limits for pedestrians who have to use the road.On the road connecting Sarasbaug and Dandekar bridge, rubble and electricity cables lie on the footpath while two-wheelers use it as a parking space.A shopowner near Dandekar bridge said vehicles are carelessly parked on the footpath and people are forced to use the road. There is rubble on the footpath but nobody seems to care about it, he added.Ganesh Harale of Sahakarnagar, who uses the road daily, said, \"The footpath on the Sarasbaug-Dandekar bridge stretch is always used to park vehicles, or as storage space for small shops and sometimes by food joints. The other side of the road does not have footpath, as a drinking water pipeline has occupied the space. During the rush hours when there is heavy traffic on the road, most people want to walk on footpath. But with all these encroachments, they are forced to walk on road.\"Ward officer Avinash Sankpal said, \"I have surveyed the area and has asked the civic staff to remove the rubble from the footpath. I also found some cement pipelines lying unused on the footpath. Those will be removed soon. The area does have small shops where small commercial vehicles carry some material and park it on the footpath. I am looking for some alternative. If vehicles start parking on the road, there will be shortage of space as well as road space will shrink.\"Local corporator Ashok Harnawal said, \"The small stall owners near Sarasbaug need to be shifted to some alternate locations. I have plans to rehabilitate these shops in the nearby open spaces, to avoid congestion on the footpath as well as at the entrance to the garden. The low-cost apparel sellers get good response from people. This factor cannot be ignored while shifting these stalls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738539", "title": "Francis D'Souza to aid govt in poverty alleviation", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the general body of the Goa state urban development agency with urban development minister, Francis D'Souza, appointed as its chairman.One of the main objectives of the agency is to take policy decisions to implement various urban development schemes and programmes financed by the state and central governments.It will also assist the government in pursuing poverty alleviation programmes through the agency's administrative machinery and take other administrative decisions. While the director of municipal administration is the member secretary, it will also have other representatives including officials from urban development ministry, New Delhi; secretary, urban development; joint secretary, finance; director, planning, statistics and evaluation; PWD principal chief engineer and the managing director of the Goa state infrastructure development corporation as its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737807", "title": "Housewife dies in accident", "text": "KANPUR: A 22-year-old housewife, a resident of Taktauli village in Akbarpur in Ramabai Nagar district, died when she was hit by a speeding loader on Thursday. A calf also died in the accident.The woman was identified as Madhuri, wife of Shyam Babu. The residents of the area created ruckus on the spot. Loader driver Sheelu managed to escape. The kin of the woman alleged that Sheelu had deliberately hit Madhuri as he was having enmity with her family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "12738650", "title": "Police seize 12,000 litres of arrack", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: In yet another raid against the sale of illicit liquor in Nagappattinam district, police seized 12,705 litres of illicit liquor, a few vehicles and arrested four persons in this connection in Sirkazhi on Thursday.A surprise raid was conducted in Thirubuvanaveera Mangalam near Sirkazhi, Nagappattinam district, late night on April 18, 2012. During the raid, they searched a make-shift premises where a gang manufactured illicit arrack from spirit. On seeing the police, some of them fled. However, the police managed to seize 363 containers in which 12,705 litres of illicit arrack were kept. Meanwhile, the police arrested four persons K Kumar (37) from Sirkazhi, N Durai (39) from Salem, M Veerappan (29) from Manalmedu and K Sundarapandian (47) from Sirkazhi. But R Nagaraj, V Kumar and Pandimurugan, a lorry driver, gave the cops a slip. In addition to that, the police seized a lorry, TATA ACE minivan, a Bajaj Pulsar bike and a Bajaj CT100 bike. Then the four persons were remanded in judicial custody.According to S Palanisamy, inspector of AK Chatram police station who was part of the police team, the police acted on a tip-off on April 16. The spirit was transported from Pudhucherry by a lorry. Since the driver of the lorry escaped, they could not find out the owner of the lorry.According to sources, the fishermen community in the area were fond of illicit arrack instead of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) available in TASMAC shops.A few days ago, Nagappattinam police said they arrested 138 persons in their continuous raid against illicit liquor and seized 12,945 litres of arrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740721", "title": "Inspection committee not functional in district", "text": "MANGALORE: There are about 46 registered fit institutions in Dakshina Kannada to give care and protection to rescued child labourers and other children. However, an inspection committee, which is mandatory as per the Juvenile Justice Act,2010, has not been made functional in the district.According to the act there should be district-level inspection committees headed by deputy commissioners to monitor the functioning of fit institutions in all districts. The committee comprising officials and representative of NGOs should inspect fit institutions regularly to keep a check on their functioning and also should hold meetings periodically. However, the department of women and child welfare has not taken initiatives so far to set up the inspection committee in the district. The committee has the power to inspect any fit institution at any time to check whether children were provided food and other facilities as per the guidelines of the JJ Act.Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL) co-coordinator Reni D'Souza told TOI that the issue had been brought to the notice of the district administration.\"We have also communicated the same to officials of the department of women and child welfare. It is unfortunate that though section 69 of JJ Act mandates the setting up of inspection committees, authorities concerned have not taken any steps so far,\" he said.According to Section 58 of the act all fit institutions should have management committees to ensure proper care to children. Section 59 of the act also directs the formation of child committees in all fit institutions. \"All these regulations are being neglected in the district because of apathy of officials concerned,\" he added.Welfare officer at the women and child welfare department Gracy Gonsalves said that the department would soon make arrangements to make the inspection committee functional. Deputy director of women and child welfare department A Shakunthala said that of the 46 registered fit institutions, only four are receiving funds from the government. \"Remaining institutions have to raise funds for themselves,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12739050", "title": "Mumbai-bound trains on track", "text": "NASHIK: Paralyzed railway services tried to limp back to normalcy on Thursday even as trains coming from Mumbai found it difficult to stick to the schedule. Services were thrown out of gear on Wednesday after a signalling system in Kurla was gutted. The situation was better than Wednesday but most trains originating from Mumbai were late.The Mumbai-bound trains, however, left Nashik as per schedule, railway officials said.\"Today, the situation was better. Trains heading for Mumbai were delayed by less than an hour. All the trains, except Rajya Rani Express, completed their journey almost in time,\" station manager Rakesh Kuthar said.Skeptical about the services resuming, Nashikites preferred to take the road to Mumbai. Their apprehensions about Rajya Rani being cancelled proved right even as the Panchavati Express and Godavari Express ran on scheduled timings. \"While the system is expected to pick up by Thursday night, there is still no word about Rajya Rani's service on Friday,\" the officials said. The outbound trains from the metro were also found catching up.The Manmad-bound trains were delayed by an hour compared to four hours on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12741141", "title": "Gananath name missing from government swap list", "text": "KORAPUT: Chances of freeing abducted BJD legislator Jhina Hikaka seems to be bleak as the name of incarcerated Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) advisor Gananath Patra does not figure in the list of the 13 prisoners against whom the state government has agreed to withdraw cases in exchange of the legislator's freedom, sources said.\"Patra tops the list of people whose release has been sought by Maoists in exchange of the MLA. Patra's name missing from the government list may create hurdles in securing an early release of the MLA,\" a source said.Omission of Nachika Linga, president of CMAS and who appears in the most wanted list of police, from the list of 13 persons may add to complications in freeing Hikaka.\"The abduction of the MLA is a good opportunity for CMAS to pressurize the government to meet some of its serious demands. The CMAS may not get such an opportunity in the future to coerce the government to withdraw cases against Linga. So, the Sangh may try to convince Maoists not to free the legislator unless their demands are met,\" the source said.However, optimistic that Maoists will free the legislator in a day or two as the state government has agreed to most of the demands of the Maoists, a senior district level officer said, \"Withdrawing cases against Linga doesn't arise. And Patra has already been acquitted in four out of the six cases in which he was arrested and he may be acquitted in the rest of the cases soon too.\"Meanwhile, sources said that the Maoists had organized a fest at Phulpadar village under Narayanpatna police limits on Wednesday and will be holding a praja court (people's court) to decide the fate of the abducted MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740889", "title": "\u2018They can\u2019t force us to implement RTE\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up the matter of conversion of seats, the educatuion department had sent an email on April 17 asking the schools to send details like the class at the entry level, total number of seats in the entry class (general plus EWS), number of seats under EWS (i.e. 25%), number of applications received under EWS category, number of seats filled under EWS category, number of seats lying vacant under EWS category till April 17 and reasons for rejection of applications, if any.However, what ISA has sent in its reply on Thursday is a list of letters along with dates that the ISA wrote to the DEO, DPI, and education secretary since April 2010, seeking information on issues like child mapping and the reimbursement amount.ISA president H S Mamik said, \"We are only asking the department to fulfill their duties. We have written so many letters to them in two years but we have not got a single reply. They have also failed to recognize us and until we are recognized, they can't force us to implement the provisions of the RTE Act. Moreover, the session for this year has already begun and now there are no seats, so the RTE Act will only be implemented from next year.\"The department in its reply has stated, \"The Independent Schools' Association, Chandigarh is advised not to take up the issue on those grounds which don't have a bearing on the admission of the EWS category, thereby pushing the real issue of admission to the EWS category under the carpet.\" In its reply the department has also clarified on issues raised by the ISA about recognition of schools, notification on whether students under the EWS quota, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "titwala", "code": "12739236", "title": "Youth held for girlfriend\u2019s rape", "text": "TITWALA: The police have arrested five persons on rape and dacoity charges here. Those arrested included a minor boy and the victim's boyfriend, while the Titwala police are searching for another accused.The police said those arrested were Sagar Bhagat (23), Anoop Gondhade (19), Pandurang Sagte (21), Rajesh (name changed as accused is minor) and Amar Shelar (19). The sixth person was identified as Datta Chavan (23).The victim is a TYBCom student, while the youths are all school dropouts. The victims and the accused are all residents of Mandagaon in Titwala.Radha (name changed) had gone with her boyfriend Sagar to a deserted spot in Titwala (E) for a walk, when five of his friends came over and took her forcibly to a vacant bungalow, where they allegedly beat her up on Wednesday afternoon. After threatening her, Anoop, Pandurang and Datta allegedly raped her in the presence of the other accused, who were keeping a watch.When some locals heard Radha's screams they went to the spot but the six escaped after snatching her mobile phone and gold chain.The victim approached the police, who after conducting a medical test on Wednesday night, registered a case against the six under Sections 376(2)(G) (gang rape), 395 (punishment for dacoity), 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code.A Thane police (rural) special team, under assistant inspector D S Pawar, nabbed the five on Thursday evening.The police, on the basis of the victim's complaint, made Sagar an accused in the case. Pawar told TOI, \"We made him an accused as primary investigations show that he did not stop his friends and did not approach the police after the incident.\"The police will produce the accused in a Kalyan court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740490", "title": "Badal offers land for disaster response team", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after the building collapse in Jalandhar killed 18 and left over 60 injured, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Thursday offered to the Union government that the state would provide 50-60 acres of land free of cost for stationing a battalion of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) permanently in the state.This comes in the wake of reports that the state government had earlier missed a chance to set up a NDRF centre when it could not offer land for the force. On Thursday, the chief minister wrote a letter to the PM on the tragedy, demanding that a battalion be permanently stationed in the state.Badal wrote that battalion of NDRF Bathinda was a temporary arrangement and would be relocated to Himachal Pradesh in due course.\"In view of their crucial role in mounting an effective response during times of emergency, we urge the concerned authorities to initiate early action in this behalf,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12739077", "title": "IT raid on city builders", "text": "NAGPUR: The income tax department raided premises of a couple of builders in the city. For the first time IT sleuths have covered small businessmen in a search and seizure operation here. The raid kept those in the local business circles guessing the names of those who had faced the action. Normally the names are leaked by the market grapevine soon after the raid begins.The builders identified as Parwani and Mudaliar are operating from Indora and Sakkardara respectively. The deputy director general (investigation) in IT department Shailendra Handa, who refused to disclose the names, mentioned that they are much smaller players as compared to others that faced a raid earlier.The builder from Sakkardara is also engaged in ferromanganese trade with realty deals being conducted only on minimal basis, said a source.The department conducted six raids during the previous financial year. The biggest one was on NIT trustee Kishore Kanehere and his associates, which led to a disclosure of around Rs 25 crore. The Nagpur office, which covers other parts of the state, got a disclosure of Rs 20 crore from a businessman in Jalgaon with assets worth Rs4.5 crore being seized.Sources said that e-filing has also led to less disclosure. The online format limits the information furnished by the tax payer with report of the mandatory tax audit not needed to be attached in an e-filed return. With this, the dependence on raids to extract taxes has increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740727", "title": "Narrow escape for forest officer as fleeing ruffians try to mow him down", "text": "BHOPAL: In 24 hours after a woman tehsildar had a narrow escape from being crushed under a JCB machine in Dewas district allegedly by goons involved in illegal mining, a deputy forest ranger also had a miraculous getaway when a group of ruffians tried to mow down him with a tractor trolley in Sheopur district on Thursday afternoon.Deputy ranger of forests Rajeev Gaur escaped by the mere skin of his teeth after a gang of thieves attempted running him over with a tractor trolley inside the Salmaniya forests, 30 km from Sheopur town. This is the third incident of the nature in the state in which criminals targeted government officials with tractor trollies and machines when the authorities initiated action against them.On Thursday afternoon, Gaur received a tip-off that a gang of thieves was stealing stone slabs off the forest department boundary walls in Salmaniya area. Gaur rushed to the spot with a team of forest officials and found that some unidentified persons were dismantling the stones from the boundary walls of the jungles and loading them on a tractor trolley. Seeing the forest officials, they fled the spot.The forest officials seized the tractor trolley and decided to take it to their office.\"I told the forest station in-charge Jogeshwar Dayal to drive the tractor-trolley and follow our vehicles to the forest office,'' Gaur said. \"We travelled a few kilometers and suddenly a large number of thugs surrounded us. They attacked Dayal and pushed him down from the tractor,'' he added.The unidentified accused abused the officials, then veered the wheel and sped the tractor towards the deputy forest ranger with the intention to knock him down.\"I just jumped out of the way and fell by the wayside. They escaped with the tractor trolley,\" Gaur added.After registering the forest department's complaint, the Abda police station in Sheopur registered a case under sections 353 (assault or criminal force to deter government servant from discharge of duty), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 294 (obscenity), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC against unknown persons.First it was the gruesome incident of a young IPS officer Narendra Kumar , who was crushed to death under the wheels of a stone-laden tractor trolley allegedly belonging to the mining mafia in Morena district on March 8. The 30-year-old officer wanted to stop the tractor-trolley carrying illegally mined stone slabs when the driver allegedly ran over him to avoid action. In a similar incident, woman tehsildar, Meena Pal, from Kannod in Dewas, had a narrow escape from being allegedly crushed by a JCB machine for taking action against them on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739775", "title": "SP MLA accused of assaulting business aide", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party legislator Abid Raza Khan's business partner has accused him and his henchmen of picking him up and thrashing him to have him transfer a plot of land in his name in Badaun.A group of men barged into my house and forcibly took me to MLA's Civil Lines office on Wednesday night. There I was beaten with belts and rods by Khan and his aides.After some hours, they dumped me outside my house with threatened me to choose between the plot and life,'' said Mahesh, who earlier lodged a police complaint against Khan.Badaun SP Ratan Kumar Srivastava said, \"We are looking into the incident and have got Mahesh medically examined. The injuries are severe and the matter is serious. We will initiate action soon.''Khan refuted Mahesh's allegations. Mahesh stormed into my party office and assaulted those present inside.'' Khan said he might lodge an FIR against Mahesh and his henchmen.The legislator faces more than a dozen criminal cases, including murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739582", "title": "Two held in Anandnagar for betting on IPL matches", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Anandnagar police arrested two persons from the area on Wednesday night for betting on the ongoing IPL matches, and seized goods worth Rs 5.59 lakh and Rs 4 lakh in cash. Police have also learnt the name of the person believed to be the duo's controller. However, police officials are not divulging any information citing the investigative process.According to Anandnagar police officials, they raided Anand Flats in Anandnagar after receiving a tip-off and arrested Rajesh Modi (41) a resident of the complex, and Bhavesh Patel (32) a resident of Asmakam Flats, Makarba. The duo was taking bets on a match between the Punjab team and the Kolkata outfit when the raid took place. Investigators seized ten mobile phones, two laptops, and an LCD television.M S Sindha, inspector of Anandnagar police station, told TOI that the duo had started taking bets right from the start of the IPL season on team wins, player performance, innings score and the number of fours and sixes among other parameters. \"During the preliminary investigation, we got to know that they were in touch with a bookie known as JP and used to get the prices from him before and during a match,\" Sindha said. \"JP is a known name in the city's betting circuit and a search is on for him.\"However, police refused to provide any information pertaining to what the duo does and why so much cash was found at the time of the arrest. K M Goswami, sub-inspector at the Anandnagar police station and investigator of the case, maintained that the duo's questioning was going on. Officials even asked journalists to furnish information on JP and other major bookies.According to sources, Modi owns a paan parlour in Satellite thronged by affluent persons, where he made his contacts for the trade. Patel is involved in stock trading and managed the finance side of the betting business. The books of account found from the spot might reveal the scope of the trade in the western city parts, investigators believe.Component IIWhy IPL is bookies' favouritetimes news networkAhmedabad: The format can yield results in three hours. It is a tournament where a person can bet on a particular team and also gets plenty of chances for betting and recovering money. These factors excite bookies in the state about the IPL tournament. According to city police officials, Ahmedabad alone produces betting business of more than Rs 50 crore in the season.\"Unlike international matches or tournaments, IPL draws a number of small-time bookies who get active for a limited period,\" said a senior city police official. \"The bigger fish employ such bookies to divert attention of police investigators.\" A handful of bookies in Gujarat control the trade, he said. \"As is seen in recent cases, bookies now roam around in vehicles, use unusual places such as hospitals and stock trade houses for conducting the business, and operate from rented places,\" he said.Talking about the modus operandi of the bookies, a crime branch official said that television channels' broadcast lags behind by three balls. Taking advantage of that, a conglomerate of bookies pays a person to be present at stadiums and provide ball-by-ball commentary that can decide the rate for the following deliveries. Such a person is provided with an all-expenses paid trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739203", "title": "High court asks police to probe beating of lawyer by station house officer", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday directed deputy commissioner of police, West, to investigate the alleged beating of a lawyer by SHO Vaishali Nagar Rai Singh Beniwal. The SHO and DCP had come to the court for a hearing in another matter, when a group of lawyers raised the issue with Justice M N Bhandari.They alleged that a lawyer Satish Bijaria was summoned to the police station in a case of marital dispute and thrashed by the SHO. They also alleged that Beniwal had issued them threats outside the high court.While the lawyers complained to the court about the SHO, the officer went missing. DCP, West, Sharad Kaviraj then brought him back to the court after 10 minutes. The court then instructed the DCP to give a report on the matter by Friday morning. The court also constituted a five-member committee of lawyers to probe the matter.Beniwal had to leave the court through the door used by judges to avoid lawyers' fury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738705", "title": "Boys, 14 &amp; 17, murder 17-yr-old over Rs 1k", "text": "NAGPUR: Two boys - a 14-year-old and a 17-year-old - have been held for murdering their friend, another 17-year-old, and then trying to hoodwink the cops by saying they were eye-witnesses to the incident which happened on April 14. The 14-year-old accused is a Std VII student while Nageshwar Anjole, who was murdered, was in Std VIII, both in the same school in Vinoba Bhave Nagar.The brutal incident was witnessed by another two 14-year-old boys whose confessions helped police wrap up the case. The two had been threatened not to reveal anything.Nageshwar's body was found near a fly ash dump near Khaparkheda power station, about 35 kms from here, on April 16. The head had been smashed beyond recognition. A ring on the middle-finger on the right hand of Nageshwar, which had his name inscribed on it, helped the police identify the body. A missing complaint filed at the Yashodhara Nagar police station helped them trace Nageshwar's family to Pili Nadi locality.The rural police team under senior PI Rajan Pali and sub-inspector Arvind Saraf had brought in a few of Nageshwar's friends, including the accused duo, for questioning. The accused cooked up a story stating that they had witnessed Nageshwar being murdered by some other friends. The incident, according to the duo, happened when the group was on way to a feast on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti.\"The truth tumbled out during sustained questioning when one of the teenagers spilled the beans,\" said Saraf.Nageshwar had borrowed Rs 1,000 from the 17-year-old boy who worked as a helper in a chemical factory. Despite repeatedly being asked, Nageshwar failed to repay the cash.Wanting to teach Nageshwar a lesson, the accused duo along with the two witnesses lured him to a temple at Waregaon. While the two witnesses had climbed a tree, the accused picked up a fight with Nageshwar and killed him. They took turns to sit on him and smash his face with a stone. The 17-year-old boys then picked up Nageshwar's mobile before leaving the spot and also hurled his cycle in an adjoining nullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740198", "title": "Municipal body gets 2 more years to complete JNNURM works", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry of urban development department has granted an extension of two more years to the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) for completing all pending projects under the JNNURM scheme.Additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam said the projects currently underway include development of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), Pavana dam-Nigdi pipeline, construction of sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) and the slum rehabilitation and housing for the economically weaker section. The extension in time will help in completing these projects, he said.The Centre had started the JNNURM in 2005 for a duration of seven years. A total of 65 cities with a population of more than 20 lakh were included as beneficiaries. The first phase of JNNURM ended on March 31 this year.The letter from the Union ministry of UDD states that the most of the projects sanctioned under JNNURM are under implementation and their completion is expected to go beyond 2011-12. It has been decided to extend the mission period by two years, up to 2013-14.For Pimpri-Chinchwad, the union government has approved 14 projects with a total expenditure of Rs 2,571.25 crore. These projects include drainage projects phase I and II, water supply phase I and II, storm water drains phase I, solid waste management, Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) phase I and II, Nashik Phata- Wakad road(8 km), Kalewadi-Dehu Alandi road( 11 km), slum rehabilitation, Basic Services for the Urban Poor (BSUP), bus purchase, Economically Weaker Section (EWS) housing scheme and e-governance. The union government's share is Rs 1228.93 crore, while the state government's share is Rs 589.44 crore. PCMC's share towards cost of the projects is Rs 752.88 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738478", "title": "2 Maoists arrested in Saran district", "text": "PATNA: The Saran police on Thursday arrested two Maoists from Dariyapur locality in connection with torching of five vehicles including four dumpers of a private construction firm, Madukan Construction Private Limited, at Dumri Buzurg village under Nayagaon police station on April 13 night.The private road construction company was engaged in construction of a four-lane road on Chhapra-Hajipur NH-19. They had left a pamphlet there carrying the name of one, Chandeshwar Sahni, with his cellphone number on it. The pamphlet left by the Maoists on the spot demanded 10 per cent levy on the total income of the contractor.Saran SP Sujit Kumar on Thursday said that the arrested persons had been identified as Vijay Ram and Dhaneshwar Manjhi. He said that both of them were arrested from Dariyapur village, three km away from the spot where the vehicles were torched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740235", "title": "Ministers named by CAG should get life term if guilty: Anna", "text": "PUNE: Activist Anna Hazare on Thursday said that state ministers named in the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report for irregularities in land allotment should be sentenced to \" life imprisonment\" if found guilty in the cases mentioned in the report.Meanwhile, Hazare has said he would undertake a tour of Maharashtra from May 1, starting from Shirdi, to mobilise public opinion on the issue of having a strong Lokayukta in the state. He also demanded that the state criminal investigation department and the anti-corruption bureau, which is \"currently run by politicians\", should come under the control of the Lokayukta.Speaking about his other plans, he said he would address a joint rally with yoga guru Baba Ramdev in Delhi on June 3 to highlight the issue of Jan Lokpal and black money. He said, \"The Lokpal Bill should be passed in Parliament before conclusion of the current session. The Congress-led UPA government should shed its ego and think of the country and the society (and enact a strong Lokpal Bill).\"Asked about the criticism of Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal for using objectionable language against parliamentarians, he said, \"I have told my team members to observe restraint.\"Hazare was in the city to attend a hearing in a defamation case filed against former minister Suresh Jain at the district and sessions court. He was accompanied by his lawyer, Milind Pawar, but the hearing was deferred till May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740103", "title": "Eye surgeon bags award for outstanding work", "text": "PUNE: Eye surgeon Col Madan Deshpande, chief medical director of H V Desai Eye Hospital, was awarded 'Outstanding Service in Prevention of Blindness' award by Asia Pacific Academy of Ophthalmology(APAO) on April 15.The award is given in recognition of individuals who have made contribution to prevention of blindness in the Asia Pacific Region. Despande is presently working to reduce the burden of avoidable blindness at the national level.He is also the president of VISION 2020: the Right to Sight-India , a global initiative for the elimination of avoidable blindness and president of Indian Association of Community Ophthalmology (INACO) and Community Ophthalmology Society of India (COSI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738492", "title": "Bihar roots for tech transfer to rural areas", "text": "PATNA: Given the diversified use and penetration of technology in urban areas so much so that it has willy-nilly become an inalienable part of way of life of its populace compared to rural areas, the Centre, in the situation, has revived its old scheme for technology transfer to rural areas through government-run polytechnics, and accordingly, the Bihar government, too, has lapped it up, but its hands are tied, as the number of polytechnics in the state is not much.Bihar has 13 government-run polytechnics. Incidentally, as the Centre has computed, the country today has around 1, 495 government polytechnics, implying that Bihar's share in it is little less than one per cent, which further means that the state would not be able to reach out to a vast segment of adult population in its countryside for technology transfer through the scheme.As the `Norms and Guidelines' of the new scheme put it, the urgency is to narrow the urban-rural technology divide in the country. According to Bihar science and technology department director Shribhagwan Singh, the scheme, called Scheme for Community Development through Polytechnics (SCDP), was first launched in 1975, but it was later closed, and has now been under implementation for the last two years since its revival in February 2009 after inclusion of a comprehensive list of trades for technology transfer to people in the rural areas.\"The higher education wing of the Union human resources development (HRD) department revived the SCDP with the hope that the polytechnics would seriously organize technology transfer. At our level, there was some delay in taking the decision in the department, but science and technology department of the state government is now vigorously implementing it,\" said Singh, adding: \"Earlier, the Centre used to directly transfer the money annually to the principals of various polytechnics. Now, the money involved would be routed through the state government, or through the science and technology department.\"Initially, the new project was implemented in seven of the 13 government-run polytechnics of the state, but, as Singh said, the \"plan is to also extend it to the most other remaining polytechnics\". The polytechnics where the SCDP is under implementation are those based at Bhagalpur, Muzaffarpur, Barauni (Begusarai), Purnia, Saharsa, Pataliputra (or Patna-13) and Gaya. Annually, every polytechnic that is implementing the scheme gets Rs 17 lakh for the purpose of technology transfer to the willing persons in the rural side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740140", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation still forcing hospitals to follow old registration rule", "text": "PUNE: Hospitals and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) still follow a 62-year-old law for renewal of registration though the requisite act was modified seven years back.The Bombay Nursing Homes Registration (Amendment) Act, 2005 allows nursing homes, hospitals and maternity homes to renew their registration with the municipal corporation every three years and not every one year, as is the current practice.\"Hospitals have been unnecessarily subjected for annual renewal when the amendments made to the act in 2005 allow for three-year renewal of registration,\" said Bharati Dhore Patil, president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Pune chapter.Confirming this, Dhananjay Kelkar, medical director of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital said, \"We have been going for renewal of registration every year. We have been doing this ever since the hospital became operational.\"Incidentally, like the civic body which is the implementing authority for the act, hospitals were also unaware about the modification made in 2005. \"The changes were realised only when the process of renewal became more complicated, requiring hospitals to submit fire audit report and other 'no objection' certificates like one meant for parking area, etc, among other documents,\" Dhore Patil said.The Pune Obstetrics and Gynecological Society, Pune chapter, first took up the issue that the civic body was following the old act and it was soon joined by the IMA, Pune branch.\"The IMA's hospital board committee later took forward the discussion. We wrote a detailed note to the Union health ministry, state health ministry as well as to the Pune Municipal Corporation about it three days ago. We held a meeting with city health chief, who assured us that the provision for three-year renewal of registration will soon come into force,\" Dhore Patil said.City health chief S T Pardeshi, who has recently assumed charge as medical officer of health, accepted the fact that the civic body was following the old act. \"The Bombay Nursing Homes Registration Act, 1949 makes annual renewal of registration mandatory for any medical establishment that admits a patient for nursing and medical care in its indoor bedded facility. It is true that we were following the provisions of the old act even after it was modified in 2005.\"\"The amended act, which came into force in 2006, allows for renewal of registration every three year. From now on, we will implement this after seeking the administrative approval from the municipal commissioner,\" Pardeshi said.The process of renewal of registration entails fees ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000 depending upon the bed capacity of the hospital, annual subscription receipt for opting for scientific treatment of bio-medical waste, annual fire audit report, etc, followed by the physical inspection of the hospital by the competent authority. There are total 650 hospitals, maternity and nursing homes in the municipal limits of PMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12741120", "title": "Arati Majhi in hospital, bail plea rejected", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Gajapati district and sessions court on Thursday rejected Arati Majhi's fresh bail plea even as the 22-year-old Maoist leader was admitted to the MKCG Medical College and Hospital here.District and sessions judge B N Mishra rejected Arati's plea stating there was \"no new circumstance\" to consider her fresh bail petition, her advocate Upendra Nayak said.Meanwhile, Arati was admitted to the diarrhoea ward of the MKCG hospital on Thursday morning as per doctor's advice. \"She complained of stomach ache on Wednesday evening. We sent her to the medical college for a check up after treating her at the jail hospital. She was admitted to the hospital as per doctor's advice,\" said S K Rout, the jailor of Berhampur circle jail. Her condition has improved, he added.Arati's name featured in the list of Red cadres sought to be released by the Maoists in exchange of Italian tourist Paolo Bosusco. The state government had also agreed to facilitate her release, as declared in a joint statement released by the mediators and three government officials on April 7.She had filed a fresh bail petition on Monday after the court rejected her first bail plea on April 12 in two cases relating to burning of Orissa State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) buses in December 28, 2009 near Raipanka in Gajapati district.Her counsel argued that her release in bail was necessary as she was the only earning member in her family and she needed to look after her aged and ailing parents. Hearing in two other bail petitions filed by her is likely to take place on Friday, her counsel said.Implicated in at least eight different Maoist-related cases, Arati was arrested by the police on February 10, 2010. At present, she is housed in the Berhampur circle jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12746352", "title": "John Abraham deserves a big thank you: Shoojit Sircar", "text": "It's a subject that's often talked about in hushed tones, but director Shoojit Sircar decided to go hammer and tongs with this very subject.What was he thinking when he thought of making 'Vicky Donor' a film on sperm donation? He laughs and says, \"I just knew one thing - that this film had to be made. I knew that John Abraham had turned producer and was looking to produce some different kind of films. So I just went to him with my script and that was enough to convince him to back the film. In fact, I really wanna thank John for backing me and the script , because without him the kind of reach this film has got was unimaginable.\"Speaking about stardom and sensitive topics, Shoojit says, \"Often you need the big stars to speak on sensitive subjects. It lends a certain credence to the subject and of course helps the film reach a wider audience. Vicky Donor is a super example of this and John's made this possible. He deserves a big thank you!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12737853", "title": "Walk-or-wait torture for thousands", "text": "KOLKATA: Edger and Michael walked nearly two hours from their south Kolkata guest house to Sealdah station on Thursday afternoon. Lugging heavy rucksacks on their backs, the New Zealanders were on the verge of collapse after the 10-km unplanned hike.The manager at the guest house had warned them to start early as there would be no taxis. \"We decided to take no chance and started our walk immediately after breakfast. This is an extraordinary situation. I have never come across a taxi strike in any of the cities I have visited,\" said an exasperated Edger. \"This has been a long, hard day for us,\" said Michael, taking his shirt off in the 38-degree heat.They were among thousands who walked to Howrah and Sealdah stations on a day when Kolkata's taxis vanished. Those who reached Kolkata after a train journey had to run around in the heat, scouting for transport. Nayan, a Bangladeshi, was shocked to see an empty taxi stand at Sealdah. He eventually got an autorickshaw that charged him Rs 180 for a trip to Burrabazar. \"I have never seen anything like this,\" he said.Ranjana Barua and his 72-year-old mother paid Rs 500 for a ride to Howrah station from their Royd Street guest house, a distance of about 9km that would normally cost Rs 100. \"I had approached a taxi but the driver asked for Rs 700,\" she said. Bijoy Mazumdar was stranded at Howrah station with his 85-year-old mother. He went looking for a cab to Barasat but couldn't find a single one. \"It is incredible. Such unscheduled strikes are harassment,\" Mazumdar said.Abdul Salam, who has come to India from Chittagong for the treatment of his legs, paid Rs 500 to reach Howrah station from Marquis Street (the normal fare is around Rs 80). \"Such taxi strikes are uncalled for. The government should take strong action against these drivers,\" he said.At Sealdah, Sajal Das was desperately looking for transport as his mother, a heart patient, was badly affected by the heat. \"Generally cabs charge about Rs 250 to Liluah, but today they're asking for Rs 600. This is extortion,\" said Sajal. \"We may have to take a train to Liluah but I am getting concerned for my mother because of unbearable heat.\"At Howrah, the TOI team saw several passengers falling ill during the long wait. \"Someone please help me take my brother to a hospital,\" Rajat Sharma was heard imploring at the near deserted bus terminus. According to the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates, nearly 40% private buses went off the road to show solidarity with the cabbies. Nearby, 78-year-old Amol Majumdar looked around helplessly. \"I am returning from Ahmedabad. At this stage of my life, strikes this really take a toll upon my body,\" he said.At the airport, Volvo buses, luxury cabs and radio taxis provided a lifeline. Most of the fliers were caught unawares by the strike. The prepaid taxi counter was deserted. Till 2 pm, only 16 taxis had been booked whereas on a normal day around 900 taxis would have been booked by this time. Buses were arranged hastily for rides into the city for Rs 40 each. A few people were harassed by cabbies or private car drivers, though.\"I wanted to hire a car to Howrah station (16km away) but the fellow asked for Rs 1,600. I guess I'd better take the Volvo. I had expected an improvement in the bandh culture with this new government,\" said Kamal Kumar of Jamshedpur who flew in from Bangalore.Transport minister Madan Mitra, who visited Howrah station, urged taxi and bus owners to think of commuters. \"I have advised police and transport authorities to look into the plight of passengers. Such strikes, supported by some miscreants, only cause distress to the common public. We are arranging for special vehicles for these passengers and police ambulances for people lying sick on the footpaths,\" said Mitra.The bus owners defended their decision to join the strike. \"We are affected by the same reason that affects taxi operators. We are bleeding heavily because we have not been allowed a fare revision despite seven successive hikes in the diesel price. This has hit us so badly that a lot buses have gone off the road because the trade is becoming unviable. A lot of bus operators showed solidarity with the cabbies and preferred to go off the roads,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12738997", "title": "Officials told to put complete name in documents", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to bring transparency and accountability in government functioning, all the officials have been asked to put their complete name, designation and date after signing official documents. A circular to this effect has been issued by chief secretary C K Mathew on March 30, 2012.\"It came to the notice that the government officials while delivering their official duties and presenting the letters or the notes at the higher level do not pen down their full name. In the absence of the name, and date it becomes difficult to ascertain the identity of the officials who have signed the document at the time of any investigation or for any other purpose,\" says the order.There have been many instances, especially form field officers like Patwari or gram sachiv where the concerned officer who passed the order could not be traced in the absence of name on the notings. \"Against the current practice, the field officers generally pass the orders by mentioning their designation. This has led to lack of transparency in the government working and increase chances of unaccountability\" said a senior official.\"We have observed that some field officers are not practicing the duty rules and just put their signature. This circular is to apprise them of what should be done while discharging their duties,\" said RP Jain, principal secretary, general administration. Officers who mark their designations through rubber stamp have been allowed to mark their name in the same manner putting the physical signature over it.The CS, in his order, urged all department and functional heads to ensure proper implementation of the instructions in their concerned departments. \"Disobeying of orders will be taken seriously by the government and action as per the rules will be taken against concerned officer,\" said the circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739562", "title": "3-year-old abandoned at Geeta Mandir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: GSRTC officials found a child of around three years from an intercity bus - running between Ahmedabad and Vadodara - on Thursday morning. Police believe that the child was abandoned on the bus. Kagdapith police officials investigating the case have asked other police stations in the city to report any missing child.According to investigators, when passengers from Ahmedabad started boarding the bus at 11.30 am, they spotted a child on seat number 11. They then informed GSRTC officials. Soon, Kagdapith police officials reached the spot and questioned vendors nearby.\"We learnt that a woman wearing a sari had entered the bus with a child and had left without it,\" said an investigator. \"Nobody noticed her long enough to be able to identify her. We are yet to ascertain the child's religion and the location from which he had been brought.\" The child will be taken to various city areas to determine if he can spot anything familiar, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740734", "title": "2 killed in dispute over sand mining in Shajapur", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons were killed and as many injured, one of them seriously, when a group of miscreants allegedly attacked them with firearms and other weapons over the dispute of sand mining from Kalisindh river at Nichhama village in Shajapur district on Thursday.Police registered offences of murder and rioting against 16 persons and five have been arrested in connection with the incident.Police said that two persons identified as Bame Singh, 50, and Dilip Singh, 32, died on the spot while Jojar Singh has been admitted to an Indore hospital. Another injured, Lalji Ram, is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Shajapur district, the police added.The miscreants attacked the victims after an altercation over extracting sand from the river, said the police.According to sub divisional officer of police (SDOP) Ravi Atroliya, the accused had a valid lease for sand mining. The victims were complaining against the accused stating they were doing illegal mining. Some days ago, victims too got a lease for sand mining on Kalisindhi river bed at Sakatkhedi, close to the place where the accused were engaged in sand mining.The differences between the two groups were sorted out by elders in the village few days back but it took a bloody turn on Thursday morning, SDOP said.Police registered case against 16 persons including Narayan Singh, Darbar Singh, Govardhan, Banas Singh and Bhagwan Singh on charges of murder and rioting besides Arms Act. Five accused have been arrested, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12738116", "title": "Engeering student goes missing", "text": "DURGAPUR: A second-year BTech student of Durgapur Institute of Advanced Technology and Management has been missing since Saturday. Sanjib Ali - the student - was last seen in front of the campus gate on Saturday evening. Sanjib's father Meheram Ali, a railway employee, has lodged a missing diary at Kanksa police station. \"We have started investigation but so far the student has not been traced,\" said SI Biswajit Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739221", "title": "Make craft heritage relevant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Intangible heritage should be not only about understanding reality; it should also be about shaping it. Heritage management experts who had gathered for the three-day International Symposium on Heritage Management in the city argued that intangible cultural heritage needs to be protected from the pressures of time and the vagaries of change.One such project was the revival of the depleting art form of Chettinad basket and sari craft. Visalalakshi Ramaswamy of MRmRm foundation, who was behind the effort says, \"The key to our success is that it is the women who are engaged by us decided the price for their products, depending on the efforts that are involved in making these products. These women shifted from making farm baskets to designing packaging for wedding ceremony gifts and gifts for Diwali. The baskets in their new avatar had a huge market. The Chettinad saris too were marketed in a similar fashion. This is an example of how local crafts can be revived\"Experts at the seminar suggested that heritage management strategies should involve making intangible heritage a part of development process. \"Intangible cultural heritage represents values, expertise, skills, knowledge, understanding and information sustained over time through memory and transmitted orally within a community from one generation to the next. It is this huge repository of knowledge that not only helps us understand about ourselves but also our existence. How can then one talk of development by ignoring our intangible heritage,\" says founder director of Centre for Environment Education (CEE) Kartikeya Sarabhai.In agreement, Benny Kuriakose, a conservation architect from Kerala working on the Muziris heritage project, says, \"For any heritage management plan to succeed it is important to know what people in the area want from a heritage project. Does it make a difference to their lives. It took us five years to work and convince people in five villages spread over 150 sq kilometers to work on a conservation plan that will redefine Indian maritime history and the first Jewish settlement.\"Editor of journal Heritage India Manjiri Khandekar said, \"It is important to link our rich past with our contemporary lives and events and media plays a pivotal role in this. It is important that journalists are exposed to the rich tangible and intangible heritage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738725", "title": "Parkinson's now striking younger lot", "text": "NAGPUR: Degenerative disease is a term used for diseases caused by old age. However, several of these diseases are now preying relatively younger age groups. Parkinson's disease, too, is striking them young. Doctors though say this is more because of better diagnostic techniques and more awareness. Some of the dietary and environmental factors are also causing this change, they say.\"Most vascular disease like cardiac problems and blood pressure are also affecting younger people, which can trigger degenerative diseases. Lifestyle choices like smoking, alcohol, increased exposure to substances like carbon monoxide, manganese or heavy metals also makes one more prone to Parkinson's disease,\" said Dr Chandrashekhar Meshram of Nagpur Neuro Society. He informed that some times the disease may be hereditary or caused by deposition of copper in brain and claimed he had seen even children suffer from it.Agreed Dr Sanjay Ramteke, who has studied the prevalence of Parkinson's disease in miners. \"Those working in manganese mines stand a high chance of getting the disease. Most times the disease does strike the young and it is a little late by the time they come to us. As the disease starts with cramps and pains, most people consult physicians and orthopaedics before coming to us,\" he said.\"The level of awareness among people has increased so the disease is getting diagnosed at a much earlier stage,\" said neurologist Dr Poornima Karandikar. She stressed the need for regular exercises and physiotherapy along with the medication as these delayed the disability.Though there is no cure, inclusion of awareness of aging can definitely help, said neurologist Dr Mukund Baheti. \"One percent of the population is at risk of being afflicted with Parkinson's. By their mid-seventies, most people will have some features similar to the disease but that does not mean it is full-blown Parkinson's,\" he said.\"In some case, the disease may be caused due to repeated injury to brain and genetic issues,\" said neurosurgeon Dr Lokendra Singh. Talking about the treatment, he said, \"When drugs fail, surgeries and operations are carried out to resolve problems like rigidity and tremors. In some cases, transplant is helpful but it is not done in Nagpur. The process of providing electromagnetic impulses to the brain also helps to curb relapse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739392", "title": "Versova drowning: 3 booked for drinking without permit", "text": "MUMBAI: After a 20-year-old youth drowned in a swimming pool in a Versova housing society early on Wednesday, three of his friends were booked on Thursday under the Bombay Prohibition Act for drinking liquor without permit. One of the three was also slapped with the charge of drink driving. Imran Shaikh (20) and the three friends went for a drink on Versova beach. Driving back, they visited a friend's place at a Versova building. After having another round of drinks, they went into the pool where Shaikh drowned. His three friends were arrested on Wednesday but later, released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12739992", "title": "Crime rise: Rs 3L stolen in 2 days", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the rise in theft incidents in city, miscreants are challenging the police department openly. In two days Rs 3 lakh were stolen from two different places in city and cops are clueless in both the cases.On Tuesday, miscreants targeted a woman in Fountain Chowk Area and stole her purse carrying Rs 1.70 lakh, 2 apple cellphones and bank locker keys. In her statement to police, Mishu Videsha said she was sitting in the car when suddenly two boys came near and told her that her money has fallen on the ground. She said after keeping my purse on the other seat when I bend to pick the money, the boys ran away with her purse. SHO, division no. 8, John Elalchezhian said they are still investigating the matter.On other hand two miscreants targeted an employee of Jugiana-based factory, Jarnail Singh and looted Rs 1.25 lakh from him on Wednesday afternoon. In this case also two miscreants targeted the victims. The incident occurred in Ghumar Mandi area. Chowki in charge Harjit Singh said after committing the crime accused threw the bag of victim in Islamganj area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12738710", "title": "H1N1 scare across south as woman dies of fever", "text": "MADURAI: The H1N1 scare has spread in southern districts as a woman died of a 'mysterious' fever in Tirunelveli while another woman got admitted in the special ward of the Madurai government hospital with symptoms of H1N1 on Thursday. A middle-aged woman succumbed to fever in Kadayanallur in Tirunelveli district, causing panic in the region. Raheema (37), wife of Abdul Majeed from Kadayanallur, was admitted with fever in a private hospital at Tenkasi last week and she was referred to a private hospital in Tirunelveli on Monday where she died on Tuesday. Her death caused widespread panic in the region as the local people claim that more than 40 people died in 2009 due to some mystery fever.S Sulaiman from Kadayanallur said more than 40 people died due to some mystery fever in 2009. \"Even now, 17 persons with fever are admitted to the government hospital at Kadayanallur while more than a 100 are taking treatment in various private hospitals in Tirunelveli. \"When we take patients to hospitals, the doctors say the white bloods cells deplete in a rapid manner. So far, we have donated 300 units of blood through Thouheed Jamaath,\" he said. Local sources said the mystery fever in Kadayanallur region has earned them a notorious name as the fever is termed 'Kadayanallur Fever'. The doctors suspect that it may be due to dengue or chikungunya but government officials are, however, not taking this issue seriously, they charged.Deputy director of health Meeran Mohaideen ruled out the theory of 'mystery fever'. \"The women suffered hypertension with cerebral haemorrhage and died after being unconscious for five days. Even in 2009, there were three deaths caused by dengue and chikungunya but local people termed all the deaths due to mystery fever. After the death of the woman, we have collected serum samples from the people and sent them for analysis. We have also initiated intense fogging and anti-larvae operations in the region. A mobile medical team has also been deployed in the area. We suspect dengue or chikungunya cases in the region but it can be confirmed once we receive the serum results,\" he said.Meanwhile, in Madurai, an old woman has been diagnosed with H1N1 infection and has been admitted in the special ward at Government Rajaji Hospital. Kaliammal (60) from South Veli Street was admitted with H1N1 symptoms on Thursday and the infection was confirmed to be H1N1. Hospital sources said she has been recovering. GRH Dean, Edwin Joe said all the medical staff treating the woman had been administered with vaccines and the staff who will be handling the case were also given vaccination. A special ward has been allocated to treat H1N1 cases and there are sufficient medical facilities to treat the cases, he said. City health officer V Subramanian said that after the case was confirmed to be H1N1, a medical team visited the region and distributed Tamiflu tablets to all neighbours. \"As many as 50 neighbours were given tablets for 10 days but we have not found any possible cases in the region,\" he said. As a precautionary measure, all the urban healthcare centre medical staff were instructed to keep an eye for possible symptoms of the disease. \"The medical staff in the centres were asked to monitor patients for symptoms. A medical surveillance team has been deployed in South Veli Street to study possible infections in the region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738589", "title": "Director general of police moves high court over prison video-conferencing system", "text": "KOCHI: The much hyped video-conferencing system linking prisons and courts has failed to take off as courts are not posting any cases to be heard using the system, Director general of police (DGP) has complained to the Kerala High Court. The system was introduced to reduce chances of prisoners gaining access to contraband articles while they were transported to courts for trial and back. It would also avoid quarrels between factions or groups within prisoners as well as their associates outside during transportation and in court premises.In a report filed by the DGP at the Kerala High Court regarding steps to tackle favouritism to prison inmates by jail officials, he complained that \"functioning and usage of the system is not up to the mark due to non-posting of cases to be produced through the video-conferencing system by the courts\". Further, the DGP is praying for an order by the high court to subordinate courts to use the video-conferencing system for conducting trials and remand extension.The video-conferencing system was introduced in Thiruvananthapuram, Kottayam, Ernakulam, and Thrissur districts in July 2010 based on an order by the high court.The system was inaugurated by a former chief justice of the high court. Central government had recently earmarked Rs 14 crore towards extension of the system to nine districts under the 13th Finance Commission, which plans for the period 2010-2015.State government-owned electronics manufacturer Keltron and Kerala Police Housing Construction Corporation were identified as the implementing agencies for the video-conferencing project in the state and funds were allocated to them to begin expansion work.At present, video-conferencing between courts and jails is being implemented in Kannur district by the two agencies, the report said.Kochi: The much hyped video-conferencing system linking prisons and courts has failed to take off as courts are not posting any cases to be heard using the system, Director General of Police (DGP) has complained to the Kerala High Court.The system was introduced to reduce chances of prisoners gaining access to contraband articles while they are being transported to and back from courts for trial and remand extension. It was also aimed to avoid quarrels between factions or groups within prisoners as well as their associates outside during transportation and in court premises.In a report filed by the DGP at the Kerala High Court regarding steps to tackle favouritism to prison inmates by jail officials, he complains that \"functioning and usage of the system is not upto the mark due to non-posting of cases to be produced through the video-conferencing system by the courts.\"Further, the DGP is praying for an order by the high court to subordinate courts to use the video-conferencing system for conducting trials and for remand extension.The video-conferencing system was introduced in Thiruvananthapuram, Kottayam, Ernakulam, and Thrissur districts in July 2010 based on an order by the high court. The system was inaugurated by a former Chief Justice of the high court. Central government had recently earmarked Rs 14 crore towards extension of the system to nine districts under the 13th Finance Commission, which plans for the period 2010-2015.State government-owned electronics manufacturer Keltron and Kerala Police Housing Construction Corporation were identified as the implementing agencies for the video-conferencing project in the State and funds were allocated to them to begin expansion work. At present, video-conferencing between courts and jails is being implemented in Kannur district by the two agencies, the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739531", "title": "Tragic that Gadkari had to come down to fight our little leaders: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after losing all the three corporations to BJP, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday slammed the party for confusing the voters by raising issues of women's safety and price rise in the municipal polls. She also called the campaign tactics of BJP vicious, which Congress failed to match.\"Don't they know that police in not under us. Now that they have won the municipal polls, will police be under their control?\" said Dikshit, criticizing BJP's campaign that talked about women's safety.Dikshit took a dig at BJP by saying that it was \"tragic\" that the party had to bring top leaders like Nitin Gadkari to win local polls. \"It was an MCD election in which the rather tragic situation was that no less a person than the BJP's president Nitin Gadkari had to come down for it. And here (in Congress) there are tiny little leaders trying to fight big leaders. Good! Congratulations!\" she said to media informally after releasing the book written by her information officer Sat Pal.Coming to the issue of price rise, Dikshit said that BJP misled voters on the issue. \"It is not Delhi alone that is combating price rise, it's a common problem that even BJP-ruled states like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh are facing,\" she added.Dikshit cautioned that one must not confuse these poll results with the upcoming assembly elections, slated for late next year. \"This was not my election. These were MCD elections. When our (Assembly) elections come, we will see,\" she said, adding that even in last polls BJP had won the civic polls while Congress had managed to take the assembly. \"Let us see what happens because they have got far less seats this time than last time. So let us hope our people will keep them on their toes,\" she said.However, Dikshit did concede they have taken it as a wake-up call. \"We have already started reviewing the causes and working on it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12740512", "title": "Naveen joins Mamata, Jaya; flays Centre over CST compensation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After the campaign against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), non-Congress chief ministers are seemingly joining hands to flay the Union government over the issue of payment of compensation to state governments for reduction in central sales tax (CST) rates.Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik shot a letter in this regard to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday, taking cue from his counterparts in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. Earlier, Mamata Banerjee and J Jayalalithaa had supported the anti-NCTC campaign launched by Naveen.Naveen, who meet Jayalalithaa during his five-day trip to Delhi, opposed the Centre's decision to pay CST compensation to states for 2010-11 after deducting revenue gains on account of increase in the floor rate of value added tax (VAT) from four to five per cent.He also disapproved the Union government's decision not to pay CST compensation for 2011-12 and demanded that the Centre continue to compensate for CST loss without any deduction till Goods and Services Tax (GST) is not introduced. \"In case this proposal is not acceptable, necessary amendments may be made in the CST Act allowing states to collect CST at four per cent as before (now it is being levied at two per cent),\" he added, urging Singh to personally intervene in the matter.Naveen said as CST is not VAT compatible, it was decided that CST would be gradually phased out from 2007-08 within three years and GST introduced from April, 2010. The Centre had agreed to compensate the states for CST loss and did the same from 2007-08 to 2009-10. It also compensated for 2010-11 but after deducting notional gain calculated on the basis in hike in VAT rate from four to five per cent, but stopped it in 2011-12.Stating that GST introduction is yet to take place, Naveen said, \"Reduction of CST is a recurring loss. Hence, the central government should continue to compensate for the loss of account of CST reduction till GST is introduced.\" Instead, he added, the Union government has taken a \"unilateral decision\" not to compensate the states in disregard of the states' concerns and decisions of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers. \"Such unilateral decisions create a trust deficit between the Union government and the state government which may lead to a logjam in the introduction of GST,\" he said.Pointing out that declared goods, industrial inputs, capital goods and other essential goods are taxed at the base VAT rate, Naveen said VAT from declared goods comprises a major share of tax from the four per cent slab. In Odisha, about half of VAT at four per cent rate comes from declared goods like coal, iron and steel products, paddy, rive, pulses, cotton, groundnut and maize.The CM criticized the Centre for not having amended the CST Act during 2010-11 to enable states to increase VAT rate on declared goods from four to five per cent. \"Necessary amendment of Section 15 of the CST Act came into effect only on April 8, 2011,\" he said, adding, \"The rate of inflation, especially inflation of food items was very high during the last two years. Hence, the state could not enhance the rate of tax from four to five per cent during 2010-11.\" He said the department of revenue, government of India, has not taken into account the share of tax from the declared goods while estimating the notional gain on account of increase of the lower VAT rate from four and five per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738420", "title": "Four held in property dealer murder case", "text": "PATNA: Police arrested four persons on Thursday in connection with the cold-blooded murder of a property dealer, Deepu Sharma.SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar said Deepu went missing from Gabh Taal locality under Danapur police station on April 1, 2012. Next day, a body was found at Ahiyapur Mushari under Bihta police station. Deepu's family members identified the body as that of Deepu. An FIR was lodged with the police station concerned about Deepu's kidnapping and subsequent murder.The arrested persons were identified as Vikas alias Painter, Manish Kumar, Appu and Ganesh. Anil said they were property dealers. Deepu, who was earlier sent to jail in connection with a kidnapping and murder case, was also a property dealer, the SDPO, said and added that he, along with Vikash, Manish, Appu and Ganesh, had purchased a four-wheeler recently and Deepu wanted the vehicle to be registered in his name. That became a bone of contention among them.The SDPO said the accused had thrown the deceased's cellphone into a well, which was later recovered by the Danapur police. He said police found blood stains at the spot where Deepu was killed and collected blood samples from there. It would be sent to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) for test, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajpara (bhavnagar)", "code": "12739202", "title": "Milkman digs out land scam", "text": "RAJPARA (BHAVNAGAR): Why buy a cow if you can get milk for free? This is exactly what a politically influential person did using government land as his own and earning money by allowing a private firm to construct a telecommunications tower there. But Right to Information used by a humble milkman, Raju Hadgarda, exposed him.However, what's more shocking than the money siphoning revelation is that nine notices by district development officer, an IAS officer, to lodge a criminal complaint against the errant person, have remained buried in the files since August 2009.As per case details, Dolu Bharwad had forged a land document in connivance with village talati Chandrasinh Zala and showed the government school's land in Rajpara village of Bhavnagar district as his own. In 2008, he rented the land to New Delhi-based Indus Towers Ltd, an infrastructure provider which establishes, maintains and operates telecommunications tower structures. Bharwad started drawing a monthly rent of Rs 4,100 from the company. Bharwad, who is said to be close to a top Koli community politician, signed a 20-years lease agreement with the firm.\"This land belongs to government and it is proved by documents accessed under RTI Act. The village panchayat issued a no-objection certificate (NOC) saying that land is owned by Bharwad. But truth was different,'' says Raju Hadgarda, a milkman from the village who has been fighting this battle for last 6 years.On the basis of facts revealed by Raju's RTI applications, village sarpanch Shailendra Rajyaguru and talati cum mantri Zala were suspended. \"Bharwad is still drawing money from the company. Government has ordered to file criminal complaint against him and recover the money but nothing is happening,'' he said.Since August 2009, DDO, Bhavnagar has issued nine notices to the taluka development officer of Talaja to initiate criminal action against Bharwad, the RTI information reveals.Raju earns his daily bread by selling milk from his village in Bhavnagar. He, in fact, borrowed money to fight against Bharwad and is trying to bring the guilty to justice.\"These people have been trying to harass me through various ways since I started using RTI. I am the only one in my village to have spoken against them. But I will fight till the end as people should have faith in truth and not surrender to corrupt people,\" he added.\"Every week, I go to the DDO office to inquire about the action they have taken and return empty handed. I have been doing this since the scam surfaced. I will continue to do it until they initiate criminal action against the accused,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738425", "title": "Nitish, Modi, Rabri elected to council", "text": "PATNA: All the 11 candidates in the biennial election to the Bihar legislative council were declared elected unopposed on Thursday, the last day for the withdrawal of nomination. Among those elected were chief minister Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and former CM Rabri Devi.After receiving certificate from the office of the returning officer in the Bihar assembly, Nitish said unopposed election of all the candidates to the council was a healthy tradition. \"The election to the Rajya Sabha and state councils should be held without any contest. Sometimes more candidates jump into the fray despite knowing that MLAs vote on party lines,\" he told media persons, adding, \"Had there been polling, the result would have been the same.\"Nitish said he would resume Seva Yatra on Friday. He would first visit East Champaran and then Kaimur. The CM said he would visit those areas in these districts which he had not touched during his Vikas Yatra. Those who took their election certificates were deputy CM Modi, agriculture minister Narendra Singh, rural works department minister Bhim Singh , Ramashray Prasad Singh, Sanjay Singh and Upendra Prasad of the JD(U), and BJP's Mangal Pandey, Lal Babu Prasad and Satyendra Kushwaha.The CM congratulated Rabri, who did not turn up to receive her certificate. Rabri was busy with preparations for her daughter Anushka's wedding in New Delhi. She will take her election certificate on May 5, RJD sources said. She was the only candidate to be elected from the opposition side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738421", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board orders Srithik Ispat to shut operations", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) has directed Srithik Ispat Pvt Ltd, located at the Sanguem industrial estate, to immediately shut operations until further orders. The company's officials have also been directed to remain present before the chairman of the board on April 24. Srithik Ispat Pvt Ltd manufactures sponge iron and bricks.Acting on the complaint filed by Shaikh Mohammad Suhel, GSPCB officials conducted an inspection and found that the waste water from the unit was being discharged from the eastern side of the compound wall, and it was flowing onto an adjacent road and into an adjacent property and stone quarry.\"Analysis of a sample of the discharge collected by board officials during the course of the inspection indicates that the values of BOD, COD and suspended solid are beyond permissible limits, while the values of pH is below permissible limits,\" the GSPCB has stated in its order.GSPCB officials found leaves of trees in a plantation located adjacent to the unit covered with a fine layer of black dust that was emitted from the unit during crushing and screening of ore.\"Mobile crushing and screening plants located within the premises of your unit are being operated without obtaining the consent of this board, as required under the Water Act and the Air Act,\" the pollution control board has stated.The GSPCB has observed that Srithik Ispat Pvt Ltd in the manner it is operating amounted to a violation of conditions as contained in the renewed 'consent to operate' order dated October 10, 2011, thereby causing severe environmental pollution in the vicinity.\"You are further directed not to operate the mobile crushing and screening plants located within the premises, till the consent of this board is obtained by the company for the same as required under the Water (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974, and under the Air (Prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1981,\" stated the GSBCB member secretary in the order.The GSPCB has said that failure to comply with its directions will compel the board to initiate stringent legal action against the company under provisions of the Water Act and Air Act, without any further notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740709", "title": "Rs 1crore property papers seized from swanky house of patwari", "text": "BHOPAL: In a raid on a patwari's swanky house in Raisen district on Thursday, special police establishment of police (SPE) of Lokayukta sleuths allegedly found him owning property over Rs one crore disproportionate to his known sources of income.The patwari, Santosh Shrivastava, who gets a salary of just Rs 13,500 per month, reportedly lived a luxurious life and had a Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV) and two motorbikes. \"His two children are studying in an expensive school in Bhopal for which he pays Rs one lakh per year, Bhopal SPE superintendent Siddharth Choudhary told TOI.During the raid, he said, SPE sleuths found that he owned 3-storeyed house at Arjun Nagar in Raisen and more than seven acres of land in Begamganj in the district.Shrivastava had made investments of Rs 10 lakh in insurance policies and was maintaining six bank accounts, according to papers recovered by the SPE, officials said.Patwari joined the revenue department in 1995 and his known income till now was Rs 15 lakh, Choudhary said. \"We found Shrivastava has amassed property of more than Rs one crore disproportionate to his known sources of income. He has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act,\" Choudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738414", "title": "Patuli loot: Cash, valuables worth Rs 9 lakh stolen", "text": "KOLKATA: Goods and cash worth more than Rs 9 lakh was burgled from a house at Eastern Park in Patuli - on the southern fringes of the city - on Wednesday. A complaint has been lodged at the Patuli police station and police are investigating the theft.On Sunday, Sanjay Sau and his wife Shivani had been to Eden Garden to watch Preity Zinta's Team Punjab take over Shahrukh Khan's Team Kolkata. Apart from Team Kolkata losing the game, their experience further turned sour when the couple met with an accident. They were returning home on a motorbike when the mishap took place, said the husband. Shivani suffered injuries and had to be admitted at a south Kolkata hospital. Sau went to visit his wife everyday. On Wednesday, when he returned from the hospital, he found that the house had been ransacked.According to the police, those involved in the act were aware of Sau's recent movements. The security guards and regular visitors in the area are being questioned to gather clues. The cops are also investigating whether a local gang, whose members have recently been released from jail, is involved in the burglary.In another incident, a brass sculpture by eminent painter Sunil Das was stolen from his studio in south Kolkata. An FIR has been registered at the Tollygunge police station. The sculpture, worth Rs 4.5 lakh, was stolen from the 73-year-old painter's studio last week. Das's works have found a place of prominence at national galleries in New Delhi and even at art galleries in Japan and Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12742958", "title": "AOL patents: Facebook lost to Microsoft on price", "text": "NEW YORK: Facebook Inc, the biggest social-networking service, made an offer for AOL Inc's patent portfolio before losing out to Microsoft Corp's $1.06 billion bid, two people with knowledge of the matter said.The proposal by Facebook was too low, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the discussions haven't been disclosed. Still, Microsoft intends to sell most of the newly acquired portfolio because it doesn't consider all of the 800 patents and related applications essential to its intellectual property arsenal, according to another person with knowledge of the matter. Facebook may be interested in those patents Microsoft plans to sell, one person said.The technology industry has been bulking up on patents amid a surge in disputes over ownership of rights to key breakthroughs in areas such as mobile communications. Microsoft's ability to find a buyer will hinge on the quality of the patents, said David Berten, founder and partner of Global IP Law Group, a Chicago-based law firm.\"Often in large portfolios the value is concentrated in a smaller subset of patents, so it can be that in a 800-patent portfolio only 20 contain most of the value,\" Berten said.Larry Yu, a spokesman for Facebook, declined to comment, as did Kevin Kutz, a spokesman for Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, and Caroline Campbell, a spokeswoman for New York- based AOL.Sandberg-led discussionsOn the same day Microsoft unveiled the AOL deal, Facebook, based in Menlo Park , California, said it is buying the Instagram photo-sharing tool for $1 billion. Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg led the negotiations to acquire AOL's patents, one person said.Facebook has lined up $8 billion of available credit from its IPO underwriters. Like more established technology companies, such as Apple Inc and Google Inc, it is buying intellectual property to protect itself from patent-infringement litigation.Facebook, which is in the midst of a patent dispute with Yahoo! Inc , acquired 750 patents from International Business Machines Corp, a person with knowledge of the matter said on March 22. Yahoo sued Facebook on March 12, alleging that the social network infringed patents covering such functions as Internet advertising and information sharing.\"If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in this litigation, the impact could be material to our business, financial condition or results of operations,\" Facebook said in a March 27 filing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12740978", "title": "Surrogacy gives birth to twiblings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Canadian businesswoman from Toronto, Lisa Parker, 38, became a mother of two recently within a gap of just one month! After four miscarriages and four failed invitro fertilization (IVF) cycles, she opted for two surrogate mothers instead of one to improve her chances of becoming a parent as quickly as possible. It worked. Both surrogates delivered what experts call not twins, not siblings - but 'twiblings'.Lisa is among a growing breed of childless foreigners and NRIs who come to India and employ two surrogates to increase chances of finally having their own child. Lisa chose to come to Anand, often termed the global surrogacy capital. \"I am in Anand since February, away from my business and family. I was desperate to become a parent and hence decided to undertake two cycles of treatment every month, apart using two surrogates. My son Rom came first followed by daughter Lee,\" Lisa, who has her own software firm, told TOI.Such children are called twiblings since one sperm sample of the husband is split in two and used to make two different embryos. Technically, they would be twins if they were carried in a single womb but since they were carried in different wombs, they are siblings. Surrogacy professionals say twiblings are becoming commonplace as many childless couples do not mind spending more for implanting the embryos in two surrogates to maximize their chances.In fact, twiblings are the outcome of the pace at which we live our lives these days. Many foreigners and NRIs desperately want a child, but they can't afford to stay back in India for long periods. It is not possible to totally abandon both their careers and their families. \"I have used two surrogates each for three couple so far. In one case, the conception happened simultaneously while in another the woman as well as the surrogate became mothers,\" said Dr Naina Patel from Anand, considered a surrogacy expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740817", "title": "Doctors oppose licence to run clinics, plan strike, to strike on April 25", "text": "MYSORE: Doctors attached to the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Mysore chapter, will stage a protest on April 25 against a move by the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) asking them to get trade licences to run clinics.Doctors attached to nursing homes, clinics, diagnostic centres and other health centres will down their shutters on April 25.Addressing the media here on Thursday, IMA president Dr L Devegowda said, ``The trade licence is a local tax levied by the civic body which is not applicable to doctors in other cities of the state. He demanded the MCC to drop the proposal immediately. There are nearly 600 to 700 clinics in Mysore.The IMA members will take out a procession from JK Grounds and submit a memorandum to the deputy commissioner regarding the issue.Dr Devegowda also said that OPD services will not be available in private hospitals on Wednesday. If the proposed trade licence is not cancelled for practicing private doctors, we are even ready to go to court, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737867", "title": "Railway vendors challaned for not displaying rate board", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Central railway station was inspected by additional divisional railway manager AK Mishra on Thursday. He was accompanied by senior railway officials. The official challaned the vendors at platform number two for not displaying the rate board. He inspected the food stalls on other platforms as well and asked the vendors to provide hygienic food to passengers. The ADRM also spoke to a few passengers.He expressed anger over the filth at the railway station and the dirty railway tracks. He pulled up the station authorities for not taking steps to maintain cleanliness. The ADRM also visited the city side of the railway station, where construction is going on and asked the officials to make sure that the work gets completed in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738361", "title": "Chock-a-block parking lot at Patna Junction a serious problem", "text": "PATNA: Parking of vehicles in the circulating area of the Patna Junction has become a problem these days. There is hardly enough space for parking two-wheelers in the circulating area.During peak time, it is very difficult to park vehicles there. Visitors often park their vehicles in the non-parking zone which lands them in trouble. Over a dozen vehicles were seized by RPF personnel from the non-parking zone of the Patna Junction's circulating area during the past one fortnight. While a few of them were released by the RPF, the rest of the seized vehicles, mostly two-wheelers, were forwarded to the railway magistrate.A businessman, Sanjay Kumar , of Punaichak locality said he visited the Patna Junction last week in the afternoon to receive his guest. He parked his bike at the western end of the circulating area. The RPF seized the vehicle on the plea that it was parked in the non-parking area. Instead of realizing fine on the spot, the RPF forwarded it to the railway magistrate. \"Though I paid Rs 300 as fine at the railway magistrate's office at the Patna Junction, my vehicle was not released by the RPF on the ground that the release order did not reach them,\" Kumar said.He urged the railways to ensure that the RPF personnel deployed at the circulating area to streamline traffic movement do not torture people as they are not criminals. Surprisingly, activities of touts and illegal vendors have increased at the Patna Junction, Kumar alleged.Shankar, Sudhir Prasad, Umesh were among those who faced problems at the Patna Junction's RPF post. Prasad alleged that his vehicle was deliberately punctured by a few RPF personnel. \"How can people expect justice from the men in khaki if they are out to exploit the innocent and unwary people?\" he asked.Similarly, several aggrieved people voiced their concern at the lengthy process of getting their seized vehicles released from the RPF post. The railways must impose fine on the spot for vehicles wrongly parked in the circulating area, they said.According to a railway security official posted at the Patna Junction, no such complaint has ever reached him so far. However, the matter would be looked into, he said.A large number of passengers have been facing great difficulty during peak hours in the evening while coming out from the Patna Junction's circulating area.The narrow space near the Mahavir temple adds to their problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740357", "title": "We don\u2019t verify lessee\u2019s details: Cops", "text": "Police officials involved with the Vijay Palande cases said that they do not actually verify rental or paying guest registrations that pile up on their desk. For them, that is a task to be carried out by individual flat-owners or the society. Oshiwara police had attested documents submitted by Palande and his \"wife\" Nives Ligensa for the agreement to rent a flat at Samarth Aangan society, Oshiwara. The agreement was in Ligensa's name.Society members questioned the process the police use for verification, given that a history-sheeter was involved in renting the flat. Palande showed up with Ligensa and the society's managing committee conducted a full interview with the two of them. \"We met with Palande and Ligensa, his German wife, but found nothing to arouse suspicion . They looked fine, spoke fluent English and, most of all, their details had been registered with the police ,\" said actor Kunickaa Sadanand Lall, vice chairman of the society.The papers that Palande and Ligensa gave the society led to his capture after Arunkumar Tikku's murder in the same flat. \"We traced him from the phone number on the society form,\" said Oshiwara senior inspector Dilip Rupawate. The papers Palande and Ligensa gave the society included details of Palande's registered marriage with Ligensa in 2009. Had the police done a proper verification, they would have detected his criminal background . Instead, a double murder convict who escaped while on parole and made a fake passport went undetected.Society chairman Prabhat Singh claimed that the society did not grant an NOC to the couple, because it was waiting for the duo to furnish additional documents. \"None of us ever guessed they would bring paying guests into the flat. In any case, we do not allow paying guests,\" he said.Lall added, \"Since Ligensa had a foreign passport we even asked if she was supposed to report to the local police station on a regular basis. She said there was no need to do so. Since they were taking up the whole apartment, not part of it as paying guests do, we had no reason to disbelieve them.\" The society was scheduled to meet for a special general body meeting on April 8. The murder took place the night before.Rupawate said it is impossible for the police to verify each rental or paying guest registration. \"It is not for us to do the dirty work for flat owners who wish to earn money by letting out their homes. Let them call up the numbers and addresses . These forms are deposited with us merely to serve as a deterrent to prospective criminals. We step in the moment something goes wrong.\"Society chairman Singh, however, argued that the police have loads of computer data on criminals, and individual societies do not have the wherewithal to check past records. The flat was rented out by Anuj Tikku, Arunkumar's son.Times ViewThis revelation calls into question the very system of police 'verification' , especially since no verification seems to be done. One merely submits details to the police station and society. None of the details are cross-checked by the police. A senior officer has even said that such work is not the police's job and the flat owner should do it. Flat owners don't have access to the machinery the police have. The functioning at the police station level has corroded. Only a sincere attempt to weed out the black sheep-and penalizing them to create deterrents for otherscan retrieve the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12742878", "title": "2002 Gujarat riots: Supreme Court stays proceedings against IPS Sanjiv Bhat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Firday has stayed proceedings against IPS officer Sanjiv Bhat in a chargesheet filed against him by Gujarat government for allegedly forcing a constable to depose falsely against state chief minister Narendra Modi . The Gujarat government in its chargesheet alleges that Sanjiv Bhat forced the constable to say that Bhat was present in the CM's residence on February 27, 2002 where the CM allegedly asked police to slow against communal mobs during the 2002 post-Godhra riots in the state.During the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) probe into the 2002 Gujarat riots, the most sensational of revelations had come from Bhatt when he accused Modi of issuing illegal instructions to permit Hindus to vent their anger against Muslims following the train massacre in Godhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740747", "title": "Canteen facilities in 4 private colleges inspected", "text": "BHOPAL: Waking up to health risk to students from contaminated food and unhygienic conditions, FDA authorities inspected canteen and hostel facilities of four private colleges in the city on Raisen road on Thursday.The FDA action came for the first time after the enactment of the new Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA) 2006. All hostels and canteens on campus will now have to register under the FSSA.Taking no chance, health authorities have begun to take notice of health risks to students from contaminated food and unhygienic conditions on campus canteen. Food and drug administration (FDA) inspectors raided hostels in three colleges - Oriental Institute of Science and Technology (OIST), Lakshmi Narain College of Technology (LNCT), Trinity College of Engineering and Bansal Institute of Science and Technology (BIST).FDA inspectors found 4 kg of besan or gram flour at OSIT and vegetables at LNCT not fit for human consumption. \"Stale edibles were destroyed,\" said FDA inspector Arunresh Patel.\"The colleges were told to adhere to the FSAA norms. We have not sent any sample for laboratory test,\" said Patel. \"The condition of a refrigerator in one of the hostels looked bad as if it was not cleaned for long time,\" he added.The raids came close on the heels of the incident on March 29, wherein about a dozen hostel inmates of the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) had fallen sick with viral Hepatitis after reportedly consuming contaminated water at hostel No.4.\"MANIT incident was an eye opener. If students can fall ill after drinking contaminated water in a premier institute, what about other engineering colleges? We have taken an initiative to check the situation in other colleges and private hostels of the city,\" said District chief medical and health officer Dr Pankaj Shukla.In many cases reported in private and government-run hospitals, lack of hygiene on campus and hostels was observed. \"Gastrointestinal and skin infections are common among students. It can be attributed to lack of hygiene,\" said JP hospital superintendent Dr Veena Sinha.More raids are likely in coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12738684", "title": "Complaint lodged against 28 bogus Gharkul beneficiaries", "text": "YAVATMAL: A complaint has been lodged at Wadgaon Road police station against 28 bogus beneficiaries in the Rs 70 lakh Gharkul Yojana scam in Bhosa village on the outskirts of city.Yavatmal Zilla Parishad chief executive officer Navalkishor Ram on Wednesday directed the block development officer (BDO) of Yavatmal Panchayat Samiti to file FIR against the 28 beneficiaries. Accordingly BDO Sudhakar Jumnake approached PSO Sarjerao Gaikwad with a list of beneficiaries and lodged a complaint. However, Gaikwad, as usual, insisted on filing of all the forged documents and sent the BDO back by saying that he would book the bogus beneficiaries only after receiving all the relevant documents.Speaking to TOI, Gaikwad confirmed the complaint lodged by the BDO and said that he needed the inquiry report and the related documents before registering criminal offence against the 28 beneficiaries.Ram said, \"A departmental inquiry had confirmed about the scam after which, five employees - two gram sevaks, one extension officer and two engineers - were suspended. Since the Gharkul was provided to the 28 bogus beneficiaries on the strength of forged documents such as BPL ration card, identity card, mutation certificate, tax receipt etc, they are also directly involved in the scam.\"\"An inquiry has already been started against three BDOs who were on duty during the scam period,\" Ram said.Meanwhile, the person who unearthed the scam has urged the CEO to file FIR against the five suspended employees too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738648", "title": "Work it out during this vacation", "text": "KOCHI: Summer holidays are not all about camps and games. It is about being healthy and fitness conscious too, shows the spurt of packages, discounts and courses offered by various fitness centres across the city.They all target youngsters enjoying summer vacation.Talwalkars, which is into its fifth year in Kochi, is currently offering its summer season special, a three-plus one-month offer and a stretching and flexible programme for children.Antony Saji, manager of Talwalkars, said that there was a definite rise in the number of youngsters joining during summer months.There are takers for courses on various types of exercise, and youngsters do not mind the rigorous ones too. Jaison's Fitness Centre, Edappally, offers a comprehensive aerobics, fitness and self-defence programme for children during the summer. It has also been introduced at The Choice School and a batch of 45 to 50 students attends regularly.B-Fit, a health club at Girinagar offers no such packages but still sees a rise in the number of customers during summer. They have a batch of 10 students in aerobics and another of 15 students in gym training. The aerobic classes charge Rs1,700 and the gym training is offered at Rs 2,500 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12739765", "title": "Vadodara-Mumbai Expressway hits roadblock", "text": "SURAT: The much-awaited expressway work between Vadodara and Mumbai hit a roadblock before it could take off in Surat district on April 18 after large number of farmers, who own the land from Palsana and Bardoli taluka, objected to the land measurement survey work carried out by National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).The officials had to stop the survey work as they were forced to retreat by farm land owners who are going to lose land in the project, allegedly threatened them and submitted a memorandum.The affected farmers claimed that they were objecting to the survey and measuring of land without any notices.They gathered at the gram panchayat office of Puni villge of Palsana taluka and said that when they have submitted written objections they should have been heard.The notification of eight-lane express highway between Vadodara and Mumbai covering the distance of 379 km to be built at the cost of Rs 17,000 crore was published by NHAI on January 28. The proposed expressway is to be completed in four years and runs parallel to the National Highway 8.Government has to acquire more than 6000 hectares of land for the project.Number of farmers supported by Gujarat Farmers Sangh gave elaborate written objections to the project. In their charter of demands and objections, farmers have said that this project is absolutely unnecessary as NH8 is fully operational. They have also asked for proper evaluation of the land price for the benefit of farmers who will lose their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740779", "title": "Delhi team trying to home in on BSNL exchange fire cause", "text": "BHOPAL: A team from BSNL headquarters from Delhi is holding an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the major fire that broke out in its Royal Market exchange on April 13.\"The gadgets gutted in the blaze and the reasons that led to the incident have been looked into by the team from the headquarters. The team would put forth its findings to authorities concerned, BSNL's Public Relations Officer (PRO) Manish Shrivstava told TOI.Sources pointed out that the team from BSNL headquarters is trying to look for the answers to the questions like: Was there a fire alarm, were there enough personnel on duty and did they detect the fire on time, what happened to the fire fighting equipment of the BSNL building and were there any?Meanwhile, the BSNL has already announced to shift its technical base to the low-rise buildings adjoining the multi- storied buildings of the Royal Market exchange that went into flames due to a short circuit in cables apparently due to overloading.More than 50 teams were pressed on the job to streamline the mobile, landline and web services that went haywire after the fire. However, the landline services continue to remain affected particularly in the old city area.The officials said directives of having firefighting systems in all the BSNL's offices have been issued afresh in order to avoid any such incident in future.The Royal Market Exchange building was not equipped with any firefighting system neither it had building complex had emergency exit. The fire that continued for more than 12 hours destroyed gadgets, cables and goods worth more than Rs 10 crores. However, the business loss to the BSNL catering the needs of important government agencies including the railways is still be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740596", "title": "Fiscal faux pas has stunted state\u2019s growth, says auditor", "text": "CAG has slammed the state government for showing little or no prudence in correcting financial imbalances. This includes the fiscal deficit and bad investments in joint stock companies and cooperatives. Fiscal mismanagement has hit infrastructure growth, with 233 projects yet to start; cost overruns have stalled 25 major public works.CAG says the expenditure incurred by the state government on these 258 projects is Rs 11,000 crore and mostly concerns the buildings, housing, roads and bridges, and irrigation departments. The time overrun in the 233 projects is up to 25 years, and in the 25 projects up to nine years. Of the 233 projects, an expenditure of Rs 162 crore was incurred on 71 PWD works and Rs 233 crore on 137 works related to roads and bridges. The total cost overrun for all 258 projects was Rs 2,940 crore.To correct the financial imbalance and ensure better use of state money, CAG has recommended that only projects that are justified on low financial but high socioeconomic returns be undertaken . \"If such projects are not identified and patronized, there is no justification for channelling highcost borrowings and investments in projects with low financial return,\" CAG says in its report.In the state economic survey, presented earlier this month before both houses of the legislature-as a precursor to the state budgeta grim scenario emerged for Maharashtra: staggering debts of Rs 2,26,926 crore and a drop in the growth rate by 2.8%. Agriculture, too, had negative growth, resulting in an overall gloomy economic environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738897", "title": "Cops not to chase riot accused", "text": "HYDERABAD: To put an end to allegations of police atrocities in the wake of ongoing probe in communal riot cases, the Hyderabad police have decided to stop 'night raids' and seek the help of community elders in nabbing offenders. As a confidence building measure, police will be handing over a list of absconding accused in communal violence cases to local community leaders, who will be asked to counsel them to surrender.Since the time police started tracking down miscreants who participated in the riots, people in the Old City belonging to both communities have been raising hue and cry. About 50 cases have been booked in relation to the communal violence in the city and 36 of them have been transferred to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) police station.Police began the probe by verifying photographs and video footage available with various media outlets. After identifying the offenders through the visuals, to confirm their presence in the location of offence, police procured their cellphone records and only after cross-verifying with the telecom operators, the culprits have been arrested. So far, SIT sleuths have arrested 27 persons in cases they have been probing, while the law and order police have arrested another 15 persons.During the interrogation of some offenders, investigating officials managed to get leads about others who had participated in the offences, but had managed to not get photographed. In such instances, based on the confession statements, investigators are cross-checking the presence of the culprit at the crime spot through cell tower verification and only then arresting them.Nabbing offenders has largely been done by the Task Force personnel and the preferred time was during night when they would be at home. However, these night raids have created panic among locals and fearing arrest, several youngsters have left their homes and have gone hiding.While trying to 'escape', a 21-year-old car driver Syed Faizal Mujeeb alias Mujju jumped from a building in Sapotabagh and died on April 15 night. Following his death, there has been tremendous pressure on police to stop night raids. On Thursday, leaders of United Muslim Forum approached DGP V Dinesh Reddy and expressed their apprehensions and concerns about the ongoing investigation of communal violence incidents to his notice.After assessing the situation, the city police have decided to prepare a list of all absconding accused in the recent communal cases and hand it over to local community leaders. \"We want the community leaders to convince the miscreants to surrender before police as the list only comprises of people against whom there is solid evidence,\" a senior police officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737915", "title": "Shahi's bail plea rejected", "text": "KANPUR: The chief metropolitan magistrate (CMM) rejected the bail application of DSP Amarjeet Shahi, accused of sexually exploiting the daughter of an Indian Air Force official.Shahi's counsel argued that he was innocent and fabricated with malice. Therefore, he should be granted bail. On the other hand, the government counsel pleaded that the accused DSP had physically exploited a minor girl and threatened her family members. His acts come under the ambit of heinous crime.The CMM observed that nature of case is heinous and there were no sufficient ground to grant bail to the accused.It might be noted here that the shocking incident had come to light on March 13, when the girl had consumed poison in the presence of her parents and Shahi at her residence in Cantt area. She was admitted at Ursula Horsman Hospital.Earlier, the girl had accused her father and another person identified as Shrawan, of physically exploiting her. However, the facts and evidence produced by her father had indicated a different story. The girl was allegedly being sexually exploited by Shahi. The DSP had misused his official position and threatened the victim's family members.The case was investigated by an ASP rank officer on the instructions of the then IG Chandra Prakash and Shahi was found guilty.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had suspended deputy superintendent of police Amarjeet Singh Shahi and also ordered a departmental inquiry against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740919", "title": "SAD-BJP councillors tender resignation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rift between the Congress and opposition over the constitution of committees reached a head on Thursday, with all BJP-SAD municipal councillors infuriated over not getting \"proper representation\" in the 12 municipal sub-committees, tendered their resignations to the UT Administrator.Opposition municipal councillors including Satinder Singh, Arun Sood, Desraj Gupta, Heera Negi, Harjinder Kaur, Asha Kumari Jaswal, Rajesh Gupta, Davesh Moudgil, Rajinder Kaur Rattu, Sourabh Joshi and Malkit Singh went to the Governor's House in the afternoon to submit their resignations from the sub-committees. As the administrator was out of town, so the councillors submitted their resignations to M P Singh, principal secretary to the administrator.The SAD-BJP leaders said that the appointment of nine nominated municipal councillors was \"totally unfair\" and after that the mayor \"illegally constituted 12 sub-committees,\" nine of which were dissolved by the secretary, local bodies on the complaint of the opposition councillors.They said that it was unfortunate that the administrator again endorsed these committees that were \"illegally constituted by the mayor,\" while alleging that the opposition municipal councillors were discriminated against in their constitution. They further alleged that the administrator has endorsed the sub-committees illegally constituted by the mayor under political pressure from the local MP. They said that Congress councillors have been given five chairmanships and seven vice-chairmanships and that opposition councillors are members of just four- five sub-committees. They added even nominated councillors have been given three chairmanships and 3 vice-chairmanships, the BSP, one chairmanship and two vice-chairmanships, an independent councilor, a chairmanship but BJP-SAD councillors are members only of only two to three committees, which that they have been discriminated against by the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740949", "title": "BSc-I students get question paper with answers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A major goof-up was reported at Panjab University and its affiliated colleges on Thursday, after a question paper with printed answers was circulated among BSc-I students. An emergency meeting of Board of Studies was called and members \"took a serious note of the anomaly in Botany paper setting.\"The subject was Botany paper B: Cell Biology and Genetics, and question no. one of the exam - a fill-in-the-blank query - had all 10 answers already filled in. Despite the anomaly, exam was not cancelled leaving students anxious. Rumours about cancellation of exam also made rounds.\"The members of Board of Studies took a serious note of the problem. The board resolved that the students' interest will be protected and steps will be taken to prevent occurrence of such a lapse in future,\" said A S Ahluwalia, chairperson, department of Botany, in his statement after the meeting.\"It was a human error and mistake was made when question paper went for printing. I think a teacher's copy was printed instead of the question paper,\" added Ahluwalia.PU sources said the board has decided that grace marks would be awarded to all students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12743304", "title": "Fake Instagram, Angry Birds infecting Android devices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Did you download the Instagram app on your Android smartphone in past few days? If yes, the chances are it has infected your phone as it is not Instagram that you have downloaded! Confused? Read on...According to IT security firm Sophos, malware disguised as the popular photo-sharing app Instagram is being distributed via Android downloads.Cybercriminals have created fake versions of the Instagram Android app, designed to earn money from unsuspecting users. Cybercriminals have played on the popularity of the Instagram app -- which has millions of users around the world, and was recently acquired by Facebook for a staggering $1 billion.If Android owners download the app from unapproved sources, rather than official sites such as the official Google Play Android marketplace, they run the risk of infecting their smartphone. Once installed, the app will send background SMS messages to premium rate services earning its creators revenue.Sophos has detected the malware, which has been distributed on a Russian website purporting to be an official Instagram site, as Andr/Boxer-F.\"Android malware is becoming a bigger and bigger problem. Just last week, we saw a bogus edition of the Angry Birds Space game and it's quite likely that whoever is behind this latest malware are also using the names and images of other popular smartphone apps as bait,\" said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant, Sophos.\"Infected Androids are now effectively part of a botnet, under the control of malicious hackers. Android users need to be extremely careful when downloading applications from sites, especially when they're not official Android markets,\" added Cluely.\"With help from internet users, we were able to identify that the image comes from a Moscow wedding photograph, where this one person was dressed a lot more casually than other guests. The man's photo became widespread on Russian internet forums, making him something of a celebrity. There's no reason to believe, however, that he has anything to do with the Android malware attack,\" said Cluely.Curiously, the malware contains a random number of identical photos of a man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738934", "title": "Duo held with fake currency worth 3 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: CB-CID sleuths on Wednesday arrested two persons near the Central railway station for allegedly possessing fake currency with a face value of 3 lakh.The duo was identified as B Purushothaman Soni, 54, of Seven Wells and R Ayal Raj, 64, of Madurai and was remanded in judicial custody. Police said they recovered 3 lakh in denominations of 500 and 1,000. The duo came to the city by the Coromandel Express and stayed back at platform number 8 when they noticed police presence inside the railway station.The samples of the seized fake currency were sent to the Reserve Bank of India for further examination. \"The currency notes may have routed through West Bengal from the border. We are trying to find the source of the fake currency supplied to the duo. A team will be soon sent to the state to investigate the matter further,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12740987", "title": "Cotton growers reject draft bill", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry and the Karnataka Cotton Association have jointly organized an awareness programme on Draft Cotton Trade (Development and Regulation) Bill-2012 at KCC&I; board room here on Wednesday.KCC&I; president N P Javali termed the draft bill anti-development and said it needs to be debated in detail. \"The draft consists of many penalty and prosecution clauses. At every stage, cotton traders have to fulfill all the conditions that have been laid down in the draft,\" he pointed out. Guest speaker CA G B Modi, Dhule of Maharashtra, said the bill is drafted in a complex manner. \"Cotton traders, ginning factory owners, processors and manufactures have to adopt all meticulous compliances such as registering, seeking press mark number, and specification of cotton bales, in a proper way, otherwise they are found to be guilty and punishable. The Centre is empowered to interfere in the day to day affairs of cotton traders and ginning factory owners,\" he said.The members, who decided to reject the draft, urged the government to make certain modifications in it to ensure growth of the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739168", "title": "Silent announcement system adds to commuter confusion", "text": "MUMBAI: Lack of proper announcement at various stations on Central and Western railways upset commuters as they remained clueless about the destination and arrival timings of trains.CR has three types of announcement mechanism - an automatic announcement linked to the train management system, (TMS) announcement made manually at the station, and through the central information system. Of the three, only the central announcement system was functional. V A Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR said, \"The TMS was not operational as the trains are not plying as per the routine timetable.\"Bandra's Rajesh Shah said, \"I wanted to catch a train to CST. I waited at the station for 25 minutes, but there was no announcement.\" However, continuous announcement was made from the central information centre to keep commuters informed about the delay due to the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12741002", "title": "Militants follow tusker trail to cross Indo-Bangla border", "text": "SHILLONG: Militants in Meghalaya are following routes used by herds of wild elephants to cross the international border between the state and Bangladesh and avoiding security forces. This \"new trend\" was detected by the Border Security Force (BSF) recently in the most difficult terrains along the 190-km stretch of unfenced border in the Garo Hills.Sudesh Kumar, inspector general of the BSF (Meghalya-Assam Frontier), said several militant outfits, including the anti-talk faction of the Ulfa, NDFB and others, used the local population as guides while following elephants that move about freely across the international border. \"The locals as well as the militants know that the security forces will not come in the way of the pachyderms and so they take advantage to move in and out of the country using the routes taken by them,\" Kumar said. \"The locals guide the militants by trailing the herds,\" he added.Admitting that movement of militants through the 'elephant corridor' decreased the efficiency of the force, the Kumar pointed out that the security forces had to avoid the elephants as part of the tradition to ensure that there was no man-animal conflict in the region. He added that this was the primary reason why militants use the elephant corridors to their advantage. Kumar also referred to three elephant attacks on his men in the past few months, even as he advocated a mechanism that would not disturb elephant movement and also ensure security along the frontiers.Asked on the movements of Assam-based militant groups from the Garo Hills, Kumar admitted that the area was still vulnerable. \"Only 40-odd km stretch of the international border in the Garo Hills has been fenced and it is the unfenced stretch that militants usw,\" he said.However, in spite of the constraints, Kumar claimed that the alternative strategies of \"patrolling, ambush, mobile checkings and enhanced intelligence gatherings\" have yielded results in the recent past. He cited cases related to apprehension of half a dozen NDFB and Multa cadres in the past four months. Moreover, an additional battalion was deployed in Garo Hills to add teeth to the four BSF battalions presently guarding the 229-km stretch of the border in the three sensitive districts prone to militant activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12740020", "title": "Buddha Nullah could finally see better days", "text": "LUDHIANA: For those of you who had lost hope about ever seeing a clean Buddha Nullah, here's good news. After a long wait of almost one year the much-awaited project of cleaning the drain could now see light as the central ministry of environment and forests has finally released some portion of the grant to Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) for treating sewage water in Buddha Nullah through bio-remediation. The project had been hanging fire since the CPCB was not getting funds.Cleaning the drain has become essential as its water flows into the Satluj River which is used for irrigation. Issuing a letter to all the concerned departments, the central ministry has informed that a grant of Rs 1.16 crore has been released to CPCB for beginning the work. The next part of first installment of this grant would be released only after seeing the progress. Total cost of this project is Rs 16 crore.Additional commissioner (technical) of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, ''We have received a letter from ministry of environment and forests that CPCB has received the grant and now hopefully the Buddha Nullah work would also begin.''Sources said while release of funds was a major hurdle in this project, there are several other issues too. Direct discharge of domestic sewerage is still going on at several points and MC has already extended the deadline to close these disposal plants till September. Common effluent treatment plants, needed for curbing industrial waste, are also yet to be installed. Without these, implementing the green bridge technology will be difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12739790", "title": "Jilted lover slashes girl\u2019s throat in Surat", "text": "SURAT: The Iskon Mall on Gaurav Path witnessed a high drama on Wednesday afternoon when a youth jilted in love slit a girl's throat and later injured himself too with the same knife.The youth has been identified as Sunil Chaudhary (26) and works in an automobile workshopHe then refused to leave the place and instead sat there with victim Vibhuti Chaudhary in his lap. The incident attracted huge crowed as it occurred in the broad daylight.Chaudhary arrived at the mall on Wednesday afternoon and asked Vibhuti to come out to talk to him. Sunil was terribly upset with Vibhuti, an ice-cream parlour attendant, as she had stopped taking his calls. Sunil started discussing the issue with Vibhuti outside the mall.The discussion turned into a heated argument and Sunil took out a knife and slit here throat. He injured himself also on the throat and squatted on the footpath holding Vibhuti on his lap instead of escaping from the location.The visitors at the mall, other employees and shop owners called police and ambulance.Police immediately arrested Sunil, while Vibhuti was rushed to a private hospital on Ghod Dod Road and was operated to stop bleeding. She was declared out of danger following the operation.Sunil informed police that he and Vibhuti were in relationship since last five years. They met each other and fell in love. But since last few months, Vibhuti was trying to evade him and stopped taking his calls despite his repeated attempts, he told police.He then decided to meet her in person at the mall that she was working.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12740886", "title": "NSCN-IM captures 5 jawans near Hebron", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (IM) militants captured five Assam Rifles jawans and seized their weapons near the Hebron designated camp on Thursday morning. This is perhaps the first such incident since the ourfit signed a ceasefire agreement with the Centre in 1997. The jawans were later released following a meeting between the chairman of the Ceasefire Monitoring Group and the rebels.Naib subedar K D Tiwari, havildar Sooarn Singh, riflemen Ravi, Balvi Singh and Rahul Kumar were caught for moving too close to the camp. The rebels accused the security forces of violating ceasefire rules by coming within 20 meters of the camp.Maj Gen (Rtd) N George, chairman of the Ceasefire Monitoring Group, rushed to the spot with other officials. After an hour-long interaction with NSCN (IM) leaders, the rebels agreed to free the jawans, but refused to release their seized weapons - four AK 47s, an Insas rifle and 360 rounds of ammunition - as they need their leadership's permission.Maj Gen (retd) George agreed that the Assam Rifles jawans had in fact violated the ceasefire rules by reaching the camp without prior information. However, he said that AR's new brigade commander was on a familiarity tour of the area when the jawans went ahead and reached the camp unknowingly. He added that the NSCN (IM) has been informed that the seized weapon must be released immediately. the weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738921", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology director backs students on campus curfews", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, which is on a safety-cum-morality drive, is having trouble keeping its house in order.At an open campus forum on Thursday, IIT-M director Bhaskar Ramamurthi said hostel wardens don't have the authority to impose curfews without his approval.The director's statement comes in the wake of reports that a few wardens are imposing their own rules in hostels claiming that they have the rights to do so.The open discussion held at the central lecture theatre, which attended by the undergraduates, postgraduates and executive council members, discussed the controversial remarks made by some senior faculty members and wardens.Ramamurthi clarified that views of some individuals is not that of the institution. \"Individual views are immaterial and they depend on how that individual was brought up. But, just because the students are adults, we cannot evade rules,\" the director reportedly told the students as an introduction.A student, who attended the meeting, said the director was more democratic in his opinions. \"The director listened to the complaints of students on the new rules imposed by a warden at Tapti hostel and he promised them that such complaints will be considered,\" said the student. During the discussion, the students raised the issue of a set of rules in Tapti hostel like the right of room cleaners to continuously knock student rooms until they open and strict restrictions to stay in the hostel rooms from 9am to 4pm. The director disagreed with them and said, \"Any decision to be taken finally will be collective.\"Another proposal from the management -- a declaration to be signed by all students -- also invited protest from students. The declaration says, \"The signatory is aware of the risks faced by wandering in the night outside safe zones and of the potential consequences of taking these risks.\" A senior faculty said rather than admitting and publicizing dangerous zones, the administration should have taken measures to make them safe. The management's move to curb the freedom of students continues to get brickbats from several faculty members in closed-group email communications.A department head told TOI that imposing any individual views and rules on the student community will make them apolitical. \"Our students are better informed and are mature than many of us. Their source of information and ideas should be respected at any cost and the errors should be corrected in a democratic way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12742722", "title": "Creative differences in Balaji productions", "text": "The queen of television soaps, who seems to be now reigning over an edgier, iffier brand of cinema as well, has done it again. Mirror can reveal that Swati Shetty, President, Balaji Motion Pictures, has quit on Tuesday night following a disagreement with head honcho Ekta Kapoor .A source close to the production house revealed, \"There has been a difference of opinion between Ekta and Swati. Swati has been instrumental in films like Dirty Picture, Once Upon A Time in Mumbai 2, Shootout at Wadala, Kya Kool Hain Hum 2 and the soon to be announced Milan Talkies. However after Ramesh Sippy, who is Shobha Kapoor's brother, re-joined Balaji Motion Pictures, there were creative differences between the two.\"According to the source, Swati wasn't too happy of being stripped of her decision making power. The source disclosed, \"Ekta and Swati had a huge tiff on Tuesday might following which Swati put in her papers. We have all heard about Ekta's errant behaviour in the past. However, she seems to have had no fights with Swati in the past.\"Even as the industry is abuzz with news of Shetty having quit Balaji abruptly, both Ekta and Swati revealed nothing.Said Ekta, \"Swati is a great professional and a lovely person. She is exploring new avenues and I wish her well.\"Swati too said, \"I am moving on but for better reasons. I have had a great one year at Balaji with successful releases and the opportunity to put together a fabulous slate of films. I think it's time to do my own thing now.\"Probed about the disagreement, Swati said, \"There are no differences. Ekta and I have been great and I was happy heading Balaji Motion Pictures in what is probably one of their best years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740261", "title": "Temperature dips as city receives 3 mm rain", "text": "PUNE: Pre-monsoon thundershowers lashed several parts of the city on Thursday, with the Shivajinagar observatory of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) recording 3 mm rainfall that occurred mainly between 3 pm and 4.30 pm.\"We expect similar thundershowers over the next two days,\" said IMD director (weather central) Sunitha Devi S. \"The thundershowers resulted mainly from a trough of wind discontinuity that runs in the north-south direction across the country,\" she said.\"Under the influence of this trough, the winds from the oceanic area are bringing in greater moisture. This, coupled with the daytime solar heating, is causing the formation of convective clouds, leading to thundershowers,\" she added.On Monday, the city had recorded the first spell of pre-monsoon thundershowers this season. The IMD had then recorded 1.5 mm rains.Meanwhile, the maximum temperature in the city came down to 36.8 degrees Celsius on Thursday as against 38.9 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. The temperature was one degree Celsius below normal mark.The minimum temperature has, however, gone up substantially to 25 degrees Celsius, which is 5.3 degrees Celsius above normal mark, from the 21.8 degrees Celsius that was recorded on Wednesday.The IMD officials have attributed the increase in night temperature to cloudy conditions and moisture incursion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12740500", "title": "BJP attempts to clear out of Annandale controversy", "text": "SHIMLA: Fearing a backlash from the powerful ex-servicemen lobby in the state government versus Army controversy over control of Annandale ground, BJP on Thursday downplayed the issue saying that \"as far as the party was concerned, this was a closed chapter\". \"Issue are being made for no reason in the election year,\" said party in charge Shyam Jaju.Condemning the Army release, which levelled allegations against chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , he said, \"Military affairs are a sensitive matter and there is no attempt at defaming the armed forces but the language used in the statement against the CM, which found its way in the media, should be condemned.\"Adopting a middle path, BJP spokesperson J P Nadda defended the state government's stand over reclaiming possession of Annandale ground but endorsed BJP vice-president Shanta Kumar's stance that the party gives priority to national security over all other demands.Denying that there were any factions in state unit of BJP, Nadda said the party did not differ with Shanta Kumar over his statement on Wednesday about unnecessary controversy having been created about the Annandale ground.However, Nadda said that the lease for the ground expired in 1982 and since then, all successive governments have been consistent in their demand that the ground be returned to the state government, \"to whom it belongs\".The issue of control over the Annandale ground is between the state government and the Union defence ministry and should be settled there and then, he said.The organizational party meeting reviewed the government performance and discussed strategy for fighting the upcoming Shimla elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12741015", "title": "All Assam Students' Union demands Subansiri GoM report be made public", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union on Thursday demanded that the report of the Group of Ministers (GoM) on the Lower Subansiri dam be made public. Shankar Prasad Rai, Aasu president, and Tapan Kumar Gogoi, general secretary, said that the GoM had earlier invited the students' body, along with 25 other indigenous communities organisations for a meeting. Aasu and the other bodies had proposed to the GoM to look into the matter in a clear and scientific manner.In the meeting, these organisations had urged the group of ministers to take only those steps that would keep the interests of Assam and its people in mind.Aasu had told the GoM in the meeting that another round of discussions should be held once the report was complete, but on April 18, the GoM submitted its report only to chief minister Tarun Gogoi.Samujjal Bhattacharjee, advisor, Aasu, said that during the discussion with the GoM, it was made clear that a committee comprising experts from Gauhati University, IIT-G and Dibrugarh University would submit a report and after the submission of the report by the GoM, a discussion would be held between experts from abroad and Assam. Aasu further stated that the discussion should be held within 100 days or a stipulated period of time and until then all construction work at the dam site should remain suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740159", "title": "Subway near Akurdi station to be ready in 4 months", "text": "PUNE: Construction of the new railway underbridge (subway) near the Akurdi station is expected to be completed in the next four months. The subway will provide motorists an alternative route to the existing small underbridge that gets heavily waterlogged in the rainy season.The new underbridge is being constructed by the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA). Vasant Patil, executive engineer, PCNTDA, said the authority has received approval from the railways for digging tunnels below the railway line. The cost of the project is around Rs 8.1 crore.According to Patil, the subway, which will have a length of 40 metre, will have four lanes for vehicular traffic. Two tunnels will be dug in the form of boxes with a width of 8 metre and a height of 4.5 metre. Each box will have two lanes.He said that light commercial vehicle, cars, rickshaws and two-wheelers could cross the railway tracks using the subway, which will not be open to heavy vehicles. The subway is expected to benefit residents of Akurdi and Nigdi to go to Ravet, Chinchwad, Dehu Road-Katraj bypass and nearby areas.At present, motorists cross the tracks using an old and narrow underbridge that gets heavily waterlogged during the monsoon. There have been several instances where two-wheelers riders have skidded and fallen. The municipal corporation is currently concretising the road surface of the underbridge, which will be opened to traffic in a week's time, said Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation officials. At present, motorists are inconvenienced due to the closure and have to resort to a kilometre-long detour.Sneha Kadam, a resident of Akurdi, said, \"The PCNTDA should complete the subway construction work quickly to enable people from Nigdi and Akurdi to reach the areas around DY Patil College and Ravet.\"Dilip Vartak, a resident of Nigdi, said, \"Motorists have to take a long detour of more than a kilometre to use the Bijlinagar railway overbridge when the subway cannot be used in the monsoon due to heavy waterlogging.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12741624", "title": "Mahesh Babu sets a new record", "text": "There has been a lot of curiosity about director Boyapati Srinu's next flick with Mahesh Babu. The director has not had flop in his career and Mahesh Babu has hit a purple patch with two consecutive hit to his credit. Buzz has it that Mahesh has been signed up for a whopping signing amount in this movie. It is rumored that the producers are paying Mahesh a record amount of Rs 15 crore for this movie. That is the highest pay cheque even in the history of Tollywoood. Brurugupalli Sivaramakrishna is producing the movie touted to a high voltage action flick. The filmmakers are planning to call the movie Ruler say sources close to the unit.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738596", "title": "Goan home owners can now link with movie merchants", "text": "PANAJI: If you have a heritage house, a riverside cottage or any such property in Goa and would like to get it immortalized in a Bollywood or even Hollywood film, here is your chance. The Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) has formulated a new scheme to collect data about such properties in Goa.A recent notification has announced that the ESG desires to empanel properties to enable film producers to shoot their films in Goa.By properties, the ESG means old Indo-Portuguese houses, ancestral manors, waterfront cottages or for that matter, any property that could possibly be used for shooting films.ESG general manager Shripad Naik told TOI, \"The number of films being shot in Goa has increased tremendously over the last few years. So we want a readymade database of houses and such properties to make it easier for film producers from outside Goa to choose from. We will simply pass on the addresses to the film producers and the owners can directly fix their prices for the film shootings,\" Naik said.Property owners have to pay the ESG an amount of 1,000 to register their properties onto the ESG database.From P1\"If the response is good, we may later notify the prices for film shootings in consultation with the house owners,\" Naik said.The applicants must submit documents of ownership, including summary form and survey plan of property, with the sketch duly signed indicating the area proposed to be let out for film producers under the scheme. Property details indicating architectural style should also be indicated as also the location of the property. The application should give full details including contact number, address, etc. for enabling film producers to contact applicants directly. The applicants must also list all props available in the house and the charges for individual props.Photographs of the property, in hard copies and soft copies, must also be provided with the application. The responsibility to pay the amount to the applicant rests entirely on the film producer and ESG shall not be liable for any claims of short/non-payment.Naik said that presently non-Goan film producers shoot their films in Goa without taking the ESG's permission. He says the government is framing guidelines on this count.Be that as it may, if you think that your 'balcao' could be the venue of Amir Khan's next blockbuster or your 'sala' could be the locale for Karan Johar's family drama, run to the ESG. tnnVenues of film shoots in GoaAguada fort (Films - Pukaar, Vatan ke Rakhwale, Khaamoshi, Dil Chahata Hai, etc)Solar Colaco Mansion - RibandarJimmy Gazdar's mansion - AguadaOld GMC building, PanajiHotel Marriot, Panaji,Dona Paula (Ek Duje ke Liye, Singham, etc.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739491", "title": "Democratic Front govt shielding Kripa, says Khadse", "text": "MUMBAI: The leader of opposition Eknath Khadse accused the Democratic Front (DF) government of shielding Congress leader Kripashankar Singh in the disproportionate assets and possession of illegal arm cases.Initiating a debate on the motion moved by the opposition in the state legislative assembly on Thursday, Khadse said, \"Singh availed benefits under several government housing schemes. The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) inquiry was ordered by the DF government. However, the ACB report in connection with Singh's assets was watered down. Even the court refused to accept the report.\"SIT submits probe report to high courtMUMBAI: After submitting its confidential probe report before the apex court, the special investigation team ( SIT), headed by the Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik, on Thursday submitted a report into the disproportionate assets case of former city Congress president Kripashankar Singh before the Bombay high court.The HC said it will now hear the case after the SC decides the matter. Kripa is facing a criminal probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738795", "title": "Eight-year-old burnt to death mysteriously", "text": "NAGPUR: Mystery shrouds the death of an eight-year-old girl who died on Wednesday, after she was found to be on fire by the neighbours at her Gorley layout residence on March 29.Tejaswini Bahe, a std 3 student, died after struggling for life for nineteen days.According to the police report, Tejaswini was alone at home when the freak mishap took place. Her father Ramesh, a driver, told the police that he was at his duty when the neighbour called him and told him about Tejaswini's accident. Her mother, Lata is a domestic help and had gone for her work, said Rana Pratap Nagar police. Tejaswini has an elder brother, Rosha (12) who stays with his uncle at Yavatmal.At about 4pm, on March 29, the neighbours heard Tejaswini screaming. \"She was in flames when she came out of the house. The neighbours poured water on her and called her parents,\" said police. The parents told the cops that Tejaswini had not gone to school that day.The parents rushed her to a nearby private hospital. Since the girl had sustained more than 60% burn injuries, the doctors refused to take her. She was then rushed to another private hospital, where she was admitted for nineteen days.Rana Pratap Nagar police have registered a case of accidental death. Cops said that since the girl was unfit, they could not take her statement. Her parents and neighbours suspect that Tejaswini might have been playing with a match box and papers around her, which may have got lit, accidentally setting herself afire.However, no one is clear as to how exactly the girl got burned. Police said that since they were informed late, they could not investigate the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12739291", "title": "Delay breeds losses for home buyers, investors", "text": "GURGAON: The overall delays in most projects in Gurgaon might be a concern for most home buyers but the larger picture reveals a bigger loss for both genuine home buyers as well as investors who have put their money in these projects.According to market analysts, it is not necessary that all real estate under-construction projects would reap profits to their buyers/investors. Moreover, developers are going slow on execution of real estate projects, resulting in a drop in supply of residential apartments in most prime markets, adding to further delays.According to Santhosh Kumar, CEO - Operations, Jones Lang LaSalle India, not all residential projects rank equally from a return on interest (ROI) perspective. \"Whatever appreciation in capital values Gurgaon residential properties have seen does not seem as significant when seen in the light of factors like the higher interest rates on home loans.Nominal capital appreciation of a property may be as high as 25-30%, but the actual ROI after making adjustments for inflation and higher interest rates can be nil. There is a 75% chance of investing in a property that will not give investor any gains - and in some cases it may even result in a loss,\" explained Kumar.Also, according to Sanjay Sharma, managing director, QuBREX, \"People are suffering in cases where payments have been made to the tune of 90% based on a construction linked payment (CLP) plan after which the pace has slowed down greatly. In such cases, buyers are losing money on a monthly basis and possession delays add to their woes.\"This can be explained considering an apartment booked in 2007 for Rs 1 crore of final payment for a size of 2000 sq ft. Considering the CLP scheme, the buyer is expected to pay close to 90% by 2009 while the overall work completed on site is barely 50%. At this stage, most builders start delaying projects. This would mean the home buyer has already paid Rs 90 lakh borrowed at 10% per annum from a bank. Considering his interest, the buyer is paying Rs 9 lakh annually as interest.This amounts to a monthly payment of Rs 75,000 as interest or Rs 37.5 per sq ft per month. If the buyer/investor gets a capital appreciation of even Rs 500/sq ft (total of Rs 10 lakh annual) appreciation, he is ultimately paying Rs 9 lakh as annual interest towards the bank loan. However, market watchers say that in most projects located in the city, the appreciation might not be even 10%.However, developers say that buyers should not measure all builders with the same yardstick and average both their past performance and current pace of work.Explained Ravi Saund, COO, CHD Developers, \"As a buyer, one needs to carefully measure options like the developer's profile, their previous work and be cautious while investing in projects which already stand delayed.\"Added Manoj Goyal, senior VP, Raheja Developers Ltd, \"We completely disagree with the perception that all developers are going slow on the execution of projects. Of course, the developers are cautious about new launches and focusing on liquidating stock in existing projects in order to generate cash. The real estate sector always gives high return provided that investors stay for a long time and take time horizon of 3-5 years from the date of investment in Gurgaon as in other cities in the NCR, there is hardly any increase in basic prices of the projects which were launched a couple of years ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12744329", "title": "Waheeda and Asha on Raveena's Talk Show", "text": "Raveena Tandon has followed well in the footsteps of Farooq Sheikh. Taking over the former's much loved and popular talk show, Issi Ka Naam Zindagi, that Sheikh earlier hosted, Raveena has brought a new freshness to it.Not only that, she has also managed to bring out the stars! Literally!Celebrities like Sushmita Sen , John Abraham , Farhan Akhtar , Boman Irani, and Vidya Balan have graced the show and Tandon leaves no stone upturned for the final episode of her talk show.She brings together the original dancing doyens of Indian cinema: Waheeda Rehman and Asha Parekh. For this episode, Waheeda is dressed in a dull green sari and Asha Parekh compliments her well by donning a bright red one.In the finale , Tandon will be seen conversing with the senior actresses and will take them down memory lane by discussing experiences from the past. Joining them will be stalwart actor Anupam Kher and the most loved comedian of the 90's, Kader Khan.Tandon's latest update on a social networking site thanks Anupam Kher, whom she fondly calls Nupam, for being on Issi Ka Naam Zindagi. She further writes that having him on the show was a pleasure and says he was 'fabulous'.Raveena in her new avatar has created a fond space for herself in the hearts of audiences with her unique style of interviewing people. Here's hoping she comes back with Season II of Issi Ka Naam Zindagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737811", "title": "Variation in day and night temperature gives rise to ailments: Docs", "text": "KANPUR: The wide gap between the day and night temperature is causing health troubles. Among the seasonal diseases, body ache, loss of electrolyte and viral fever are topping the charts.The variation in temperature and excessive salt loss from the body in the scorching heat causes severe body ache and joint pains. The elderly people are the worst sufferers.The sudden weather variations, fast-paced life, man getting addicted to luxuries, modern gadgets and technology are the factors responsible for changing the metabolism of the body. Reckless use of gadgets and modern technology makes man lazy. Technology is responsible for several diseases.\"I am observing that every second patient is complaining about body ache, joint pain etc. The problem is not with only those who do more manual work or the elderly people but it is seen in people of all age groups,\" said Dr Arti Lal Chandani of LLR Hospital.Body ache among children can lead to troubles like joint rheumatic fever infection by streptococcus bacteria, throat infection, tonsils etc. The major reason for body ache in children is excessive salt loss in the body as kids are engaged in lots of physical activities.The doctors are also observing severe body and muscular ache in adults these days and according to them the basic factor responsible for this is the thermostat level in the body which take time to adjust with the surroundings.Even a light body pain can be a symptom of myalgia (sever muscles pain), dengue, chikangunia, break-bone fever etc.Dr SK Tiwari, head of orthopaedic department of Ursula Horsman Hospital said that mainly the aches and pains are associated with the older age. But nowadays, even a five-year-old complains of body ache and joint pains. People must not take the pain lightly as it can be a symptom of viral infection, which is common in the current weather conditions.\"Having a balanced and hygienic diet, with plenty of water in it is the best precautionary measure. As far as possible, one must avoid to go out in the sun.The adaptability of body changes in every weather condition and it is necessary that people must know that they should go for regular check-ups to stay fit.Loss of sodium and potassium in the form of sweat causes electrolyte imbalances which can cause various disturbances in the metabolism like dizziness, fluctuating blood pressure, irregular heart beat and nervous system or bone disorders.The number of patients suffering from electrolytic imbalance is increasing these days, especially among those who are suffering from diseases like diabetes and kidney problems. Those suffering from such ailments take antibiotics and injections which can cause heavy loss of potassium and sodium in the body. However, the disturbance in the body system can also be observed in case of loss of other electrolyte like potassium and calcium.Talking about the symptoms and treatment of electrolyte imbalances, another doctor said that the major reason for it is excessive sweating and it can even cause due to prolong vomiting, diarrhoea or due to inadequate diet, which lack vitamins. In case of severe disturbances, the treatment can be done by intravenous fluids or electrolyte replacements in body, while the minor imbalance can be cured by eating rich diet which comprises potassium, sodium and calcium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12738475", "title": "Agni V launch: US refrains from criticizing the test, praises India\u2019s non-proliferation record", "text": "WASHINGTON: Refraining from criticizing India for its Agni V intercontinental ballistic missile test, and instead praising New Delhi for its ''solid nonproliferation record,'' the Obama administration on Wednesday called on ''all nuclear-capable states to exercise restraint regarding nuclear capabilities.''Administration officials repeated the same formulations on Thursday following the successful test, rejecting repeated attempts by some journalists to extract some criticism for what they perceived as India's transgression. ''We urged all nuclear-capable states to exercise restraint regarding their nuclear and missile capabilities,'' State Department spokesman Mark Toner said, referring to his statement a day earlier, and repeated that India is ''playing a significant role internationally on the issue (of non-proliferation).''On Wednesday, the US State Department essayed a mild and guarded reaction when asked if Washington has discussed with India the test, which came just days after North Korea was pilloried for a similar effort. Drawing a clear distinction between India and other countries, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States has a ''very strong strategic and security partnership with India, so we obviously have routine discussions about a wide range of topics, including their defense requirements,'' although he was ''not aware that we've specifically raised this issue with them.''Pressed by a journalist on whether Washington had any specific concerns on the test as a destabilizing factor in the region, Toner reiterated that ''we always caution all nuclear-capable states to exercise restraint,'' rather than singling out India.On Thursday, reporters broached the subject again, going as far as to implying that perhaps the administration had not really weighed in on the subject. ''I'll let my comments stand...I think I've said what I've wanted to say,'' Toner said stonily, suggesting that the whole issue had been considered at length in the administration before the muted reaction that appeared to recognize India' security compulsions in the region arising from missile technology exchanges between China, Pakistan and North Korea.The remarks and the broader reaction in Washington were a far cry from the Clinton-era response in the 1990s when India's missile tests were routinely criticized and its nuclear tests in 1998 brought in its wake international opprobrium and sanctions. Significantly, Toner not only invoked the ''very strong strategic and security partnership with India'' but also endorsed its non-proliferation record in fending off questions that were implicitly critical.Some of the media appeared to recognize and acknowledge the nuances of the new developments. ''India missile test has few critics, unlike NKorea,'' read the headline to a widely-distributed AP story, which said the test caused barely a ripple -- even in China -- just days after North Korea was globally vilified for a failed rocket launch. Many headlines emphasized that India had tested a nuclear-capable that could reach China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739885", "title": "Chain-snatching in Butler Palace", "text": "LUCKNOW: Miscreants made a bid to loot gold chain from the wife of a senior IAS officer, while she was on a morning walk inside the walled Butler Palace Colony on Thursday morning.The victim was identified as Bharti Singh, wife of senior IAS officer RK Singh, Hazratganj police confirmed.According to the police, since the miscreants were not successful in looting anything from the victim, Singhs decided not to lodge any FIR.Police say Bharti Singh was on a walk in the Butler Palace Colony on Thursday morning when two motorcycle-borne miscreants came from behind and tried to snatch the gold chain.However, they failed and alerted Bharti and several of other people who were also on morning walk. Sensing danger, the miscreants without making any further attempt, fled the spot.In the meantime, several morning walkers rushed towards Bharti.Police confirmed that an attempt of chain loot was reported from the colony.However, since the miscreants did not succeed, RK Singh has decided not to lodge any FIR, the police further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740559", "title": "\u2018Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation should get govt help in water projects\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The standing committee, which is yet to pass the budget proposal, is likely to make changes before passing it. While giving a go-ahead for the increase in water taxes as proposed, the standing committee has suggested that the civic body seek financial help from the state and Centre, specially for water projects.\"The BMC provides water to all government agencies including Airports Authority and Mhada. All these agencies come under the state and central governments, which should help the BMC financially for its upcoming water projects,\" said standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale. He said several agencies are still to pay the BMC their dues. The civic chief had said: \"The BMC should, apart from hiking taxes, focus on recovering dues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737843", "title": "School principal shot at, driver killed", "text": "KANPUR: Six armed assailants on Thursday opened indiscriminate firing on the four-wheeler of the principal of a girls intermediate college in Kalyanpur, killing the driver on the spot and leaving her critically wounded. The principal's daughter-in-law, who was also travelling in the car, escaped unhurt.The attack, which took place at around 6.30 am, was fallout of rivalry between principal of Gandhi Balika Inter College Saroj Kumari Shukla and Rajendra Dikshit of Mangalpur.Saroj's daughter-in-law Prem Kanti confirmed that her mother-in-law and Rajendra are bitter enemies.The injured principal was rushed to a private hospital, where the doctors stated her condition to be stable. Saroj was leaving her Geeta Nagar residence in Kalyanpur in her car with her driver Rajesh alias Raju (28), a resident of Jayatapur in Mangalpur and Prem Kanti, when six armed assailants, four of whom were travelling in an SUV and on a motorcycle, opened indiscriminate firing on her vehicle.Sources said that the assailants were waiting for Saroj outside her residence. Rajesh was sitting on the driving seat while Santosh and Prem Kanti were standing near the rear gate of the vehicle. Rajesh died on the spot after the bullets hit him on his chest. Saroj sustained bullet injuries. The assailants fled without being challenged.In a complaint lodged with the Kalyanpur police, the family members accused Rajendra Dikshit of Mangalpur in Ramabai Nagar, Ravindra of Nepalapur in Mangalpur and Sonu and Hari Babu of Jhinjhak.Police sources said that Dikshit had developed enmity with Saroj over allotment of a petrol pump.A senior police official said that said that all the entry and exit points of the district were sealed. Efforts are on to nab the accused.Accoring to Prem Kanti, they were leaving home for the college located in Jhinjhak in Ramabai Nagar. As soon as the car came out of the residence and her mother-in-law had kept her bag on the rear seat, two assailants waylaid the vehicle from the front while four from the rear. They whipped out firearms and opened indiscriminate firing on them. Driver Rajesh alias Raju died on the spot while Saroj sustained serious gun-shot wounds.Sources said enmity between the two families started about five years ago over allotment of a petrol pump. The enmity increased after Rajendra's family member Pradeep was murdered soon after the allotment of the petrol pump.Rajendra named Saroj and her two sons Suresh Shukla and Shyamji Shukla in the FIR after the murder.About four years back, Saroj's elder son Suresh was also murdered under mysterious circumstances in a hotel at Manali. The family members accused Rajendra and others for Suresh's murder.The policemen are looking into other causes that led to the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740837", "title": "After fish, now beer shortage hits Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Water shortage has had an unusual fallout in Mangalore - beer is in short supply. The United Breweries unit here has been unable to manufacture its usual quantity of beer for the region due to water shortage as the corporation has cut off supply to the brewery.An excise official said the brewery has a capacity of 4.5 lakh cases per month and it produces 4 lakh cases per month. \"As the corporation has completely cut off water supply, the unit has cut down production by almost 50%,'' the official said.To overcome this shortage, the Mangalore depot of Karnataka State Beverages Corporation Limited (KSBC) has sent 20 permits to import beer from Goa, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh within the past week.\"They should be arriving soon,\" said the KSBC official. \"The shortage arises as retailers buy additional quantities to avoid shortfall to their regular customers,'' the official added. The 20 permits will get 22,000 cases to meet the demand of beer guzzlers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12738565", "title": "Freedom fighter Mahabaleshwar Naik no more", "text": "MAPUSA: Freedom fighter and senior journalist from Mapusa, Mahabaleshwar Naik, fondly known as 'Mhablu Kaka' breathed his last early Thursday morning following a brief illness. He was 82.According to his relatives, Naik complained of chest pain at around 2am and passed away at the Mapusa district hospital around 3.30am.Naik was part of the July 1946 Mapusa satyagraha under the leadership of Sudhatai Joshi. He provided shelter to the underground revolutionaries in his house and was arrested on March 24, 1955, tried and sentenced to 13 years imprisonment. However, he was released in 1959. After Liberation, the central government honoured Naik with a tamrapatra (brass plate).The freedom fighter began his career in journalism with the Rashtramat newspaper, reporting on various social issues. He was one of the founder members of the Mapusa Sarvajanik Ganesh Ustav Committee and secretary of the Bodgeshwar temple committee.Urban development minister Francis D'Souza and state president of the Nationalist Congress Party Surendra Sirsat were among those who visited the bereaved family and paid their last respects to the freedom fighter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12740358", "title": "Bihar Health Innovation Lab to be launched today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Health care in rural Bihar may get a boost with the launch of Bihar Health Innovation Lab in Patna on Friday. The lab is set up by innovation consultancy firm Centre for Knowledge Societies (CKS), with support from the Bihar government and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .\"The lab will focus on technologies, products and services that will have a tremendous impact on public health in rural India,\" said Aditya Dev Sood, the founder and CEO of CKS.It will start out with a five point agenda. This will include the creation of a vaccine delivery kit, which will serve as a mobile workstation for midwives, replete with all the necessary tools. Sood said, \"Our research shows us that such a product does not exist at present.\"The lab will also work towards creating patient health identity tokens. \"We have imagined something along the lines of an amulet that a child can wear, which will have a Radio Frequency Identification chip that can retrieve the entire medical history of the patient. We want to create an indestructible token that can be worn by a child till the age of two. It can be put around a child's neck,\" Sood said.The other innovations that the lab will focus on include partographs for labour process tracking - visual aids that will help pregnant women figure out how much time they have before they deliver the baby - and oxygen therapy, used when patients find it difficult to breathe and pass out.\"We will also design the administration of a Village Health and Nutrition Day across Bihar, in a bid to reach out to people living in the countryside\" Sood said. He wants this occasion to be like a picnic where villagers can enjoy themselves and at the same time learn best practices in healthcare. \"The logistics for such an event will be tough. We can use smart systems and technology for ticketing, to reduce the time spent standing in queue for the event,\" he said.Within the lab, Sood also envisages a Lab School for Innovation which will network with experts in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore in a bid to accelerate the creation of new products and businesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12738975", "title": "Gangapur Road residents get lessons in theft prevention", "text": "NASHIK: Police personnel have started coaching residents of the Gangapur Road area on the dos and don'ts with regard to safeguarding their property.Given the rising crime rate in the city and the police having difficulty in patrolling all areas all the time, the police department has decided to acquaint citizens with what they can do to prevent burglaries, house break-ins, vehicle thefts and chain-snatching.On Wednesday, around 30-40 meetings were held in different parts of the city. However, the main target area of the police is the Gangapur Road area, which is predominantly occupied by middle class and upper middle class residents and where incidents of chain-snatching and house break-ins are maximum.At one meeting in the area, DCP Sahebrao Patil appealed to people to take maximum precautions to ensure their own safety and that of their neighbours. He talked about how strangers entered residential building under the pretext of asking for an address and identified flats to burgle.Patil added that certain latches and locks are easy to break and it was essential that one more safety iron door is put up. He said that even if the burglar has to break it, it makes noise and the neighbours are alerted. Apart from this, he also marked out common places where cupboard keys are kept, which makes it all the more easy for burglars to decamp with cash and jewellery.Citing examples of how chains are snatched during season, how fake cops rob women of their jewellery and how vehicles are stolen, Patil said that the police observed that most of the time, it was negligence on part of peoplethat made criminals target them. Patil and ACP Ganesh Shinde also cited cases where people handed their jewellery over to strangers to get them polished and later found that they had been robbed.Residents complained of hooliganism in their areas, youth gathering in groups at certain spots, rash driving on empty roads, and so on.Considering the vulnerability of the area, the police assured citizens that constables and beat marshals would be patrolling the area frequently. The police also gave out phone numbers of police stations and other helpline numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739230", "title": "BJP nominates Ahluwalia for RS polls from Jharkhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to pressure from within the party, the BJP leadership finally nominated its senior leader S S Ahluwalia for a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand on Thursday.The party will need some numbers from coalition partners Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) or AJSU, JD(U) and independents to get Ahluwalia, who was deputy leader of opposition, back to the Upper House. BJP was confident of getting the numbers to win the biennial polls to the RS.Ahluwalia, who completed his fourth term as Rajya Sabha MP on April 2, was denied a ticket from Jharkhand by BJP. He was MP from the state in his last term as well.BJP denied the ticket to Ahluwalia earlier from Jharkhand and shifted him out to Bihar fielding him from an uncertain seat where the party would need support from NDA ally JD(U). However Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar refused to help BJP elect Ahluwalia from the state and instead got the BJP's votes to support his party's candidate for the Upper House.In Jharkhand, BJP had first decided to support independent candidate, businessman Anshuman Mishra, who is considered close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and also has the backing of the RSS. But Gadkari got a lot of flak from senior BJP leaders, who disagreed with denying the ticket to a partyman and backing an \"outsider\" instead. Gadkari had to yield and pulled out BJP's support to Mishra.After the controversial Mishra episode, BJP decided not to put up a candidate from Jharkhand since its coalition partner in the state JMM had fielded Supreme Court lawyer Sanjeev Kumar as its contestant.But the Jharkhand RS polls had to be nullified last month when Rs 2.15 crore cash was seized from a car belonging to the kin of one of the independent candidates R K Agarwal, which created an opportunity for BJP to field its own candidate from the state in the second round. Election Commission countermanded the polls for use of money power to get elected.Ahluwalia thanked BJP for \"reposing faith in him\" after the party did a rethink on the issue when fresh elections were announced by the EC. Polling will be held on May 2 for the two seats from Jharkhand.Both BJP and JMM have 18 MLAs each while the total votes required for a candidate to win a Rajya Sabha seat from Jharkhand is 27. The coalition also has the support of AJSU, JD(U) and Independents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740771", "title": "Convention on quality in industries", "text": "MYSORE: Quality Circle Forum of India, a non-profit organization which promotes and nurtures quality concepts in industries, and Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering will organize 'Third regional convention on quality concept circles competition' at Sahukar Channaiah auditorium in VVCE, Mysore. N R Parasuraman, director of SDM Institute of Management, is the chief guest for the meet which will be inaugurated at 8.30am on April 22.QCFI vice-chairman (training)-Bangalore chapter, B N Jagadeesh Prasad, told reporters on Wednesday that students, industrialists, and employees of various industries from different parts of the state will take part in the convention. Experts will speak on safety of industries and on nurturing the quality of work in industries.Grass root-level employees like welders, mechanics and others, who have solved technical problems in their respective industries with their innovative ideas, will be felicitated at the meet.Experts will make a presentation on solutions to everyday problems like repair of tools and machineries in industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12739096", "title": "Greater Noida to have cell for industrialists", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In order to facilitate interaction between entrepreneurs of Greater Noida and the state government, District Industries Centre (DIC) will open a dedicated cell for industrialists in the city. The cell will function out of the premises of Greater Noida Authority's office and will cater to the needs of industrialists who now have to travel to Sector 20 in Noida, where the district head office of DIC is located.\"The decision has been taken following repeated requests from entrepreneurs based in Greater Noida that a facilitation centre be put in place in their city, in order to reduce hassles for them in making frequent trips to Noida for works which need the government's intervention,\" said an official of DIC. \"The date from which the cell will begin functioning will be decided in the meeting of Udyog Bandhu, scheduled to be held this week,\" said the official.The Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association (IIA) had put forward this demand at its monthly meeting with officials of the department of industries in Lucknow last week. \"We had also asked Greater Noida Authority CEO to allow us to set up a cell,\" said president, IIA(Greater Noida), S P Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739647", "title": "Clouds fail to ease Mumbai's discomfort", "text": "MUMBAI: The blanket of clouds on Thursday shaded the city from the scorching sun but provided little other respite. The daytime temperature remained roughly the same as Wednesday and the humidity, if anything, rose considerably.According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), many parts of the country-including places in south Maharashtra-received rainfall on Thursday. Though the city did not experience showers, its neighbours like Pune and Mahabaleshwar did.The IMD said the cloud cover has been forming over the city for the last three days. \"The clouds have been forming over the Arabian Sea and drifting over the city,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.Yet, there was no relief overall. The maximum temperature recorded on Thursday at Colaba was 33.6 degree Celsius and at Santa Cruz was 33.5 degree Celsius. The day before, the figure at Colaba was 32.2 degree Celsius and at Santa Cruz was 34.8 degree Celsius.Similarly, the humidity increased from 67% at Colaba on Wednesday to 89% on Thursday and at Santa Cruz from 57% to 75%.As a result, the discomfort index, which is a computed value that describes how hot or humid the weather 'feels' to an average person, also grew from 45 degree Celsius to 55 degree Celsius at Colaba and from 48 degree Celsius to 51 degree Celsius at Santa Cruz.Mumbaikars can expect similar weather for at least another day. The Met department has predicted the skies to be cloudy on Friday, but with little likelihood of showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740767", "title": "Cabinet approves pilgrimage scheme for senior citizens", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has approved the \"mukhyamantri teerth darshan yojna (Chief Minister's Pilgrimage Scheme), for the senior citizens' of the state. The scheme announced recently at the senior citizens' panchayat by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan allows senior citizens to undertake a pilgrimage of their choice to select destinations for which the state will bear the expenses was cleared in a meeting of the state cabinet here on Thursday.The Religious Trusts and Endowments Department has been made the nodal agency for this purpose.It was decided to constitute a sub-committee to lay down rules and finer details under the scheme, which will complete this task within a week. Group applications will be given priority. Minimum one lakh persons will be given benefit of the scheme every year.The cabinet also sanctioned a technical education and skill development policy for making more job opportunities available to youths of the state.In yet another decision, the cabinet decided to increase the retirement age of cadre personnel of Madhya Pradesh Power Generating Company Limited from 58 to 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738586", "title": "Mike Masala refuses to come to Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The prime British witness in the Scarlett Keeling murder case, Michael Mannion, has refused to travel to Goa to depose in court. However, he informed the CBI that he would be able to give his deposition from the UK through video conferencing. Mannion, popularly known in the coastal belt as Mike Masala-who was feeling \"stuck\" in Goa after the state police refused to lift their lookout notice against him despite being a prime witness in the case-has now informed the CBI that, \"Appearing as a prosecution witness will mean that I have to take time away from my employment. I expect reimbursement for any loss of earnings and expenses incurred.\"\"The evidence so far clearly indicates that the CBI is not providing adequate energy towards justice. During his last visit to India, despite being recorded as a witness for the prosecution, my client was kept waiting for months without any financial compensation before being permitted to go back to his country,\" said Mannion's counsel in India Vikram Varma.Varma said that for the sake of justice, Mannion is keen to depose with the facts witnessed by him but has preferred to exercise the efficient path of video conferencing which is available to him under Indian law and has communicated the same to the CBI. \"The high-handed approach with little sensitivity towards an eye witness clearly has eroded the credibility of the CBI in the mind of my client. In the six months spent by my client in Goa, he lived in perpetual fear of being killed by those involved in the cover-up of this homicide. Yet, the CBI did not provide him with any protection at all,\" added Varma.Mannion, who is one of the prime prosecution witnesses, had said that he saw one of the accused, Samson D'Souza, lying on the 15-year-old British girl whose body was found at Anjuna beach on February 18. He also saw another accused, Placido Carvalho, sniffing cocaine along with Keeling at a shack hours before her body was found on the shore at Anjuna. Soon after police registered the murder case and issued a lookout circular against Mannion, he was in the country for almost 189 days as the police refused to lift the circular against him.Mannion was amongst the witnesses who were present at the shack hours before Scarlett's bruised body was found. Thereafter, Mannion went into hiding only to return following the lookout notice.The Scarlett case is pending trial in the children's court. A notice to appear in court was served on him through Scotland Yard detectives to come to India and depose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738206", "title": "Meenakshi Thapa murder case: Mumbai police now search for the victim's head", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Mumbai police team left the city on Wednesday alongwith the two accused in the sensational Meenakshi Thapa murder case to recover the head of the victim which was thrown from a running bus at a spot near Gorakhpur and Jaunpur.On the other hand, the family members of the model and actress Meenakshi Thapa were handed over the body in the city on Wednesday after postmortem.The family members of the victim, including her brother and uncle, cremated Thapa's body at Dashashwamedh Ghat, Daragunj on Wednesday evening.Station Officer, George Town, Ravi Bhushan Srivastava informed that the two accused, namely Amit Jaiswal and Preeti Alvina Soren, were taken by the Mumbai police to recover the head of the victim. However, no information has been received about the recovery of the same till evening, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12738490", "title": "Lady thrashed by public for allegedly snatching gold chain", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Thursday arrested a woman for allegedly snatching a gold chain from a girl travelling in a public bus.The complainant in the case, Maria Goes, told the police that she along with her daughter were travelling in a bus from Sancoale to Margao on Thursday morning. On reaching Margao, she realized that the gold chain worn by her daughter was missing. She suspected two ladies seated behind them in the bus of snatching the chain and raised an alarm.While one of the two ladies took to her heels, the other, Kalababu, was thrashed by the public before handing her over to the police.Police said that though the gold chain was not found on the suspected woman, they have placed her under arrest. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740956", "title": "Wildlife department asks schools to surrender specimens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Waking up to the need of proper implementation of Wildlife Protection Act in the city after the Sacred Heart School episode on Tuesday, the UT wildlife department has decided to ask all schools to surrender specimens of animals falling under schedule I and part II of schedule II, soon.Conservator of forests-cum-wildlife warden and director (environment) Santosh Kumar said, \"Animals like tiger, dear, cheetah, cobra and others that fall under the schedule I and part II of schedule II cannot be preserved. The punishment for preserving or hunting them is very serious. We will soon be asking schools to surrender specimens that come under these schedules.\"Some of the animals that fall under these schedules include wild cat, dessert cat, pig, wild buffalo, wild yak, crocodile, gharial, green sea turtle, Indian egg-eating snake, peacock-marked soft-shelled turtle, water lizard, king cobra, Indian cobras, jackal, common fox etc.Also the department is waiting for police to send report of investigation after which they will come to know whether the act has been violated or not. \"They are saying that school had preserved a cobra, but we will have to identify it first. We will go to the court of law and consult the Wild Institute of India. He also mentioned clearly that PFA is not authorized to conduct raids and can only inform if they have any such information.Independent Schools' Association has decided to go by the CBSE's stand. \"These specimens are over 20 years old. The suppliers should be told about the Act,\" said a spokesman. A Delhi-based CBSE officer said, \"We will get it checked that what is there in the curriculum and how it has to be taught. If it violates the Wildlife Protection Act then we will get it changed as it is a law and everyone must follow it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "12738514", "title": "East Champaran gears up for CM\u2019s Seva Yatra", "text": "MOTIHARI: The collectorate, circuit house, Gandhi Maidan, block office and some important places of Motihari town, likely to be visited by chief minister Nitish Kumar during his four-day Seva Yatra of East Champaran district starting Friday, have been given a facelift. The name of circuit house has now been changed to Atithishala. This Atithishala has been tastefully decorated.East Champaran DM Abhijit Sinha visited different blocks in the district and made a through review of execution of ongoing schemes. The roads are being repaired in the district.According to official sources, on the first day of his Seva Yatra, Nitish will visit the button factories at Mehasi, besides laying the foundation of a bridge at Sattarghat over river Gandak under the Kesariya block. He will also inspect the progress of several ongoing schemes located between Mehasi and Kesariya. The residents of Madhopur-Gobind near Mehasi, where more than 500 peacocks have their natural habitat, are eagerly awaiting for the CM. The CM is also likely to visit the Motihari Sadar Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "12738404", "title": "Vayalar Ravi shows cautious optimism", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Even as the Congress high command is wracking its brains over selection of candidates for the coming bypolls for 18 constituencies, AICC envoy Vayalar Ravi sounded defeatist. While on a tour to Godavari districts on Thursday, Ravi said he was not an astrologer to predict the number of seats the Congress would win in the bypolls. During another meeting in Ramachandrapuram constituency, he took potshots at Jaganmohan Reddy alleging that some leaders were floating parties to become CM of the state.Though he expressed confidence about the victory of the party, he was not sure of the number of seats the Congress candidates would win. He downplayed the differences within the party, saying they were common in every party. He, however, warned that any anti-party activity would not be spared.He visited East and West Godavari districts to assess the party position and the ground realities ahead of the byelections. Though the Election Commission has not announced bypoll schedule, the Congress has almost finalized Bojji Dora as its candidate from I Polavaram constituency. Ravi visited Koyyalagudem in Polavaram constituency and participated in a meeting of party cadres. At Draksharamam in Ramachandrapuram constituency in the evening, he said that some selfish politicians were unnecessarily holding the state to ransom by resigning from their seats leading to elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12745228", "title": "Kalakalappu audio launch today", "text": "The audio launch of Masala Cafe which has been renamed as Kalakalappu will happen today.This audio launch event will be telecast live on Sun TV between 7 and 8 pm. With Kalakalappu, director Sundar C has wielded the megaphone after a long time.He has said that this film will have ample comedy which has been his forte since the beginning of his career. Incidentally, Kalakalappu happens to be Sundar C's 25th directorial venture.Kalakalappu stars Mirchi Shiva, Vimal, Anjali, Oviya and Santhanam in the lead roles. The music for this film has been scored by Vijay Ebenezer. Speaking about Kalakalappu, one of its producers, Kushbhu said that it will be a complete comedy entertainer with some good music.Source:Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12737912", "title": "Cabbies take a holiday, rough ride for city", "text": "KOLKATA: Seventy-three-year-old Kashinath Khamrui suffered a cerebral stroke on Thursday morning but lost the 'golden hour' of recovery because his son couldn't get a taxi, no matter how much he cried or pleaded.Finally, a private car owner took pity on his tears and charged him 3,000 for a 2-km journey to SSKM Hospital. Thousands missed hospital dates, job interviews, flights and trains as taxi owners went on strike demanding a fare hike.Sources said 35,000 of the city's 40,000 taxis stayed off the roads in response to a 24-hour strike call by Bengal Taxi Association and four other organizations. To make matters worse, 40% of private buses also stayed away to \"express solidarity\" with the cabbies. The stir has been brewing for weeks but the government failed to prepare for it. It plied more state buses but it was hardly enough. With the threat of a longer strike looming large, transport minister Madan Mitra warned taxi operators that their permits would be revoked if they carried out a shutdown in May.\"The taxi strike cannot go on indefinitely. If you are unwilling to run taxis, hand over the keys to us as there are many educated unemployed youth to run the cabs. The CPM had backed the organization that is on strike. So they indulged in hooliganism. Taxi operators do have some problems but a strike is not going to help their cause,\" Madan said.The feeling was echoed across the city as commuters stood for hours under the sweltering sun to squeeze into packed buses. Passengers alighting at Howrah and Sealdah stations trudged miles, luggage and weeping children in tow. New Zealanders Edger and Michael walked 10km in the 38-degree heat to Sealdah station. Stripped to the waist, Michael looked at the empty taxi stand in bewilderment and said: \"We have been to so many cities around the world. Never seen anything like this.\"Patients suffered the worst. Kashinath had a blank, dazed look as he hobbled into SSKM emergency, leaning on his son Rajesh. It had taken the Manoharpukur Road resident three hours to find a vehicle. \"I knew time was running out and it was extremely crucial for my father to be treated at the earliest. There were no taxis. Not a single travel agent had a spare car. I was helpless. I broke down,\" he said. After repeated calls and persuasions, someone obliged to loan him an Omni for an exorbitant price. \"See that van? I can have it for only three hours. And I paid Rs 3,000 for it. But then, I can't put a price tag on my father's life,\" said Rajesh.\"Cabbies can do whatever they want. My loss is mine alone, no one is bothered. Today it's a taxi strike, tomorrow buses could go off the roads. We will continue to suffer. Those in power couldn't care less,\" he said.An earlier stroke had left Kashinath paralyzed. He is also suffering from a brain tumor. Barely being able to walk, he was dragged all the way in through the dusty pathway, even as he struggled with each step. It was no less than a harrowing experience for the aged man. Even after stepping inside there was no respite for Kashinath. He was made to stand for over 30 minutes in absence of a seat and doctors being too busy.Recalling the horrific Thursday morning, his son Rajesh said it was no less than a \"nightmare\". Khamruis were used to the scrambles of a weekday morning but Thursday turned out to be quite different. It was around 10.30 am when his son, Rajesh was preparing to leave when his wife came rushing to him. \"I was leaving for office when my wife who was tending to my father rushed to inform me that he has got an attack. Such an emergency has happened before. So I knew what to do. I immediately rushed out to hail a cab,\" said Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12739079", "title": "Lupin plant in Mihan will employ 700", "text": "NAGPUR: Pharmaceutical major Lupin Pharma, which has taken 24 acres land in Mihan special economic zone (SEZ), plans to invest Rs 417 crore in its Nagpur plant over the next five years. The unit is expected to eventually generate 700 jobs.The company was allotted land shortly after IT giant Infosys took 140 acres in Mihan SEZ that has lately seen revival in investment activity after a long lull following global slowdown of 2008. \"We will be holding ground breaking ceremony on April 24 after which the unit is expected to be built in a year's time,\" K K Gupta, Lupin's director (corporate affairs), told TOI. The commercial activity may take another year or two to begin as it depends on securing approval from US and UK food and drugs regulators. The funds for setting up the plant will be raised from internal resources, he said.Basically a drug formulation plant, it is being set up to cater to exports to countries like UK, US and Japan. As a matter of practice, the regulators in these countries will be first inspecting the plant and commercial operations can begin only after they certify that the facility meets their standards, said Gupta. A formulation plant makes various types of drugs depending on the order. The drugs are also based on inputs from its research and development centre in Pune, he said.Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) developing the SEZ sees a pharma unit as a source of generating cargo for its proposed multimodal cargo hub planned to come up with the airport. Drugs are low volume high value cargo transported by air and could provide a fillip to the air cargo operations planned in Mihan.The pharma sector currently has a small presence in Nagpur and Lupin is the second firm from this sector to take land in Mihan. A local company Zim Laboratories has been given 2.5 acres but has yet to start operations. Lupin is expected to push this tiny sector in this region. According Faiz Vali of Unijules Life Sciences, a large company among local players, Lupin's presence can also bring Nagpur into global market radar. \"Students from pharmacy colleges can get good training here. There are a few raw material makers in Nagpur that could find business opportunity too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12739807", "title": "Hari Om Sharma to be honoured", "text": "Pandit Hari Om Sharma will be felicitated with 'Saraswat Samman' by Sri Sankatmochan Dhaam Trust for his literary services. Sharma will be honoured on April 22 on the occasion of 22nd annual function of Sri Sankatmochan Dhaam Trust at Kasganj. Cabinet minister Shivpal Singh Yadav will be the chief guest on the occasion while Justice NK Mehrotra, UP Lokayukta will preside over the function.IOC programme: Director (marketing) of Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), M Nene on Thursday said that the public sector undertaking continues to be the market leader with an over all share of 49.7%. This he said was because of an ever lasting confidence shown by the customers. Nene was here to attend a programme organised by the PSU. The PSU had organised a scheme for its customers.IGNOU centre at RMLNLU: Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow (RMLNLU), has been running an exclusive IGNOU study centre for PG Diploma/Diploma/Certificate Courses in Law and allied subjects. The courses are designed by Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi (IGNOU) and are offered through distance education mode at RMLNLU. The law university is the only study centre for all such courses in law in UP. The courses are strategically devised to add value to the knowledge base of students and professionals and would help them in meeting the challenges of the modern day education.Blood donation camp: The officers and jawans of the office of DIG range Lucknow and Amethi participated in the blood donation camp, to mark 'Shaurya Diwas', on Thursday. The camp was held in the supervision of SGPGI doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739850", "title": "Electronic voting machines to be used in local bodies' polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mayoral and corporator elections will be held with the help of electronic voting machines.The State Election Commission on Thursday asked the authorities in different districts to ensure proper measures so that elections may be conducted properly.Additional commissioner, SEC, JP Singh said that the district authorities have been asked to see that strong rooms are put in place.Likewise, enough facilities like proper lights and generators, need to be placed in the voting booths, Singh said. Singh said that the local bodies have been asked to get the anomalies in the voter list corrected by May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12740065", "title": "Model Town traders demand parking space", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Traders of Gol Market in Model Town are up in arms against authorities for not heeding their repeated demand for parking space in the market. They rue that with no place for parking and bumper-to-bumper traffic, shoppers and commuters alike have been suffering but the authorities have paid no attention.President of market association Amarjeet Singh said they don't have parking space in the market because of which people park their vehicles haphazardly, which further leads to traffic jams. ''We have many times asked authorities to provide us parking space but nothing has ever come of it. We have also approached political leaders but they also only make fake promises,'' he said.Another businessman, Arvind Sharma said there is a park in the market which they have asked authorities to convert into parking area. ''If the authorities don't want to remove the park, they can at least make it smaller and use the remaining space for parking. Traffic cops have installed 'no parking zone' signboards but there is nothing more they have done about the situation,'' he added.Charanjeet Singh, who stays in Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said he has to plan his day ahead in case he has to visit Gol Market as there is a lot of traffic congestion and one can never find parking space. ''A lot of time is consumed in one trip to the market,'' he said.Meanwhile, assistant commissioner of police, traffic, Swapan Sharma passed the buck to municipal corporation. ''Establishing parking place in the area is the MC's duty. We have not started towing campaign in the market as MC has not marked a yellow line in the market,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738510", "title": "An elegy on Malayalam cinema's forgotten pioneer", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalam cinema's beginnings were hardly auspicious but the travails of its founding father is the stuff of movies. Director Kamal is getting ready to tell the story of J C Daniel in Celluloid and woven into it, he reveals, will be the story of the Malayalam movie industry too.\"In fact, I started work on the film four or five years ago. I wanted an answer to why J C Daniel, who made the first Malayalam film Vigathakumaran (Lost Son), had to live such a miserable life and die even more miserably. In that answer is the story,\" says Kamal. Prithviraj will essay the main role, while Srinivasan and Samvrutha Sunil are believed to be among the other lead cast.It is an ignominy that when the nation is celebrating the first centenary of its film industry, so little is known in Kerala about the man who set it in motion here. Eighty-four years after Vigathakumaran was produced, its maker remains a shadowy figure and Kamal considers it, both, a moral obligation and an aesthetic challenge to give flesh to that apparition.Not much is known about Daniel, except that he literally pawned his life making the movie. He set up Travancore National Pictures, the studio for the film, after selling off all his property and raising Rs 4 lakh. And when the film flopped, Daniel had to sell off the studio and all his belongings to repay the debt.\"Even now there isn't a proper record on his life. The only available one is his biography by Chelangatt Gopalakrishnan, a film journalist. I depended on the biography and a fictional piece written by Vinu Abraham on the life of Rosy for preparing the screenplay,\" Kamal says.Rosy is a character in her own right. As the heroine in Vigathakumaran, she had to run away from her native village for the 'crime' of acting in a movie. Miscreants even set her house on fire. That was not it. When Vigathakumaran was released at Capitol cinema in Thiruvananthapuram, she was not allowed into the theatre as caste Hindus, outraged that a converted dalit could play a Nair lady in the film, created a ruckus.Later Rosy escaped to Tamil Nadu and got married to the driver of the lorry in which she escaped from Kerala. Soon Daniel too followed suit. Celluloid is a belated attempt to reclaim one of Kerala's lost sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12740553", "title": "5 get life for killing girl's uncle for honour", "text": "SIRSA: Five men have been sentenced to rigorous life imprisonment in a case of honour killing. There was enmity between two families over an inter-caste marriage in 2010, and the accused had killed the girl's uncle.A fine of Rs 60,000 has been slapped on each of the accused identified as Himmat Singh, Gurmail Singh, Kimmat Singh, Darshan Singh and their father Babu Singh, residents of Rori town in Sirsa. Himmat Singh is the brother-in-law of Kuldeep Singh, the groom.According to information, Kuldeep Singh who had an affair with Naresh Kumari eloped, thus leading to a rivalry among the families.The killing took place on February 3, 2010, when girl's uncle Jagdish was on his way from the fields on a bicycle. Himmat Singh and others came riding a jeep and rammed Jagdish's cycle dragging him to a distance of nearly 45 feet. Jagdish was unconscious but to make sure he didn't survive, the assailants hit him with iron rods and lathis fracturing his skull.Sources said, \"Himmat Singh, Gurmail Singh, Kimmat Singh and Darshan Singh had earlier murdered their grandfather Partap Singh and Babu Singh had killed his father. Gurmail Singh had been involved in terrorist activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740229", "title": "Assistant manager, aide held for 17.5 kg gold theft at finance company", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch on Thursday claimed to have solved the heist of 17.5 kg of gold ornaments and Rs 6.64 lakh, totally worth 3.39 crore, at Manappuram Finance Limited's Bhavani Peth branch within 24 hours following the arrest of the assistant branch manager of the finance company and one of his accomplices.The police have recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 3.32 crore and Rs 2.9 lakh from the house of a relative of one of the suspects at Rakh village in Purandar taluka.According to the police, the mastermind behind the crime, assistant branch manager Somnath Raghu Waghapure (26) of Vikasnagar in Lohegaon, had done his post-graduate diploma in management from a London institute. He joined the Khadki branch of Manappuram Fianace Ltd in October 2011. He hatched the plot to steal gold ornaments from the office of the company to repay the loan he had taken for his education.Waghapure executed the plot with the help of three accomplices. The police have managed to arrest Rajaram Bhosale (31), a farmer from Gulunche village in Purandar taluka. The remaining suspects, Nitin alias Gotya Gaikwad (25) of Saswad and Akil alias Babalu Mohammed Ambekar (28) of Satara, are still at large.Addressing a press conference on Thursday, joint commissioner of police Sanjiv Kumar Singhal said that the police were suspecting involvement of insiders in the crime. \"Five keys were needed to enter the room in which the safe was kept and to open the safe. We have found that all the locks were opened with duplicate keys,\" Singhal said.The police said that the keys were in the possession of the manager and the assistant manager of the branch. A few days ago, Waghapure managed to take the impression of all the five keys on soap and gave it to his friend Akil Ambekar to make duplicate keys.Singhal said that the police questioned all the six employees who were working at the office. \"During interrogation, Waghapure admitted to his involvement in the theft and also revealed the names of other suspects.\"A police team rushed to suspect Bhosale's house and nabbed him. Investigations have revealed that Bhosale had kept the booty at a relative's house. \"The police seized the bag containing the gold ornaments from Bhosale's relative's house. We have also recovered Rs 2.9 lakh from Waghapure and Bhosale. Remaining cash is with the other suspects who are still at large,\" Singhal said.Asked about the role of security guard Nandkumar Kshirsagar in the crime, Singhal said that at present the police are not suspecting his involvement in the theft.Singhal announced a cash reward of Rs 25,000 to inspectors Satish Govekar, Sunil Deshmukh and their team for the quick detection of the case.The investigating team comprised assistant inspector Dattatreya Survase, sub-inspector Dattaram Bagwe and constables Sunil Pawar, Santosh Kshirsagar, Ramesh Bhosale, Narayan Phartade, Santosh Jagtap and Satish Nagul.According to the police, Ambekar got the duplicate keys made from Satara and gave them to Waghapure. \"Waghapure decided to execute the plot on Tuesday night after the closure of the branch and handed over the keys to another accomplice, Nitin Gaikwad.\" After the theft, Waghapure, Bhosale and Gaikwad went to Rakh village and kept the booty at Bhosale's relative's house.On Wednesday morning, when the employees of the branch came to office, it was Waghapure who opened the room in which the safe was kept and alerted branch manager Vidyadhar Sathe about the theft, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739124", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s lifeline has claimed 36,000 lives in 10 years", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's lifeline has also taken several lives. More than 36,152 people have died due to accidents on suburban railway tracks since 2002, either due to avoidable reasons such as trespassing, falling off due to overcrowding, stone-throwing or getting hit by poles.A query filed by Chetan Kothari under the Right to Information ( RTI) has revealed that over the past 10 years, more than 36,152 lives have been lost on tracks and 36,688 people have been injured.Kothari said, \"On an average, 3,700 people die every year on the Mumbai suburban rail network. In fact, in 2006, the figure had touched 4,029.\"As many as 734 and 675 people died after falling off trains in 2010 and 2011, respectively. Of these, 519 people died after falling from trains on CR in 2010 and 468 in 2011.\"Commuters say railways need to more sensitive. Roy Jacob, a Ghatkopar resident, said, \"Merely handing out compensation is not enough as most of those who die are young. Authorities need to set targets to curb accidents by given priority to crucial work like increasing the height of platform, removing poles, fencing the boundary and building bridges.\" Kothari said, \"In 2011, 19 people died after dashing against poles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738781", "title": "8-year-old falls from tractor, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A pothole on a bad stretch at Adarsh Nagar in Nandanwan claimed the life of an eight-year-old boy on Thursday morning. Police said that Tarkeshwar Taywade was sitting on the heap of the sand loaded tractor. Due to the pothole, the truck bounced and the boy fell off the tractor. He suffered head injuries and died an hour later, during treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital.Police added that another boy was also sitting with Tarkeshwar but he held on while the tractor bounced and hence was saved. Nandanwan police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12743728", "title": "NTP, NPIT to be finalised by May: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT and Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal said National Policy on Electronics (NPE) likely to be approved this month.He further said National Telecom Policy (NTP) and National IT Policy ( NPIT) are likely to be finalised in May.\"At the moment we have to have dialogue with the Planning Commission. Once that dialogue is over, we will send it (NPE) immediately to cabinet. If possible, hopefully, this should be done in this month itself,\" Sibal told reporters here.The Minister was speaking on the sidelines of the renaming ceremony of Department of Information Technology to Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITY).Meeting between Planning Commission and DEITY official was earlier scheduled for April 19 but it has now deferred to April 23, according to sources.Sibal said DEITY has started inter-ministerial consultation on National Policy on Information Technology and it should take three to four weeks for the process to get over.\"We will launch that (NPIT) in May and hopefully telecom policy (NTP) will be also launched in May,\" Sibal said.According to draft of NPE ,which was put in public domain, the policy aims to promote domestic manufacturing of electronic products. The aim is to achieve a $400 billion turnover by 2020, involving investment of about $100 billion and employment to around 28 million people at various levels.As per estimates, demand in the Indian market was $45 billion in 2008-09 and is expected to reach $400 billion by 2020. The domestic production in 2008-09 was about $20 billion. The actual value-addition in the domestically produced electronic product ranges between 5 to 10 per cent in most cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738709", "title": "This pahelwan believes in plenty", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hamza bin Omer alias Zafar Pahelwan practices polygamy and his extended family comprises about 40 persons, including nine wives. The 60-year-old don is blessed with 27 children, the youngest being a three-year-old girl. These details came to light in his confession, a copy of which is available with TOI, given to police during his recent custody.According to Santosh Nagar police, the dreaded history-sheeter's gang comprises four other history-sheeters among whom three were his relatives. He is an accused in 32 cases, including two murder cases, booked at various police stations in the city.Santosh Nagar inspector B Sudarshan Reddy, who worked as a special investigation officer in the murder case booked against Zafar Pahelwan, said the notorious criminal maintains a gang of 10 members, comprising history-sheeters Chota Mohammed, Moosa bin Abdullah, Rashid bin Abdullah and Imranuddin alias Babloo.Zafar told police that he has been in real estate business and has actively indulged in land grabbing activity. He named Abdullah bin Yousuf, Omer bin Yousuf, Nazeer, Aslam, all his close relatives, and his associate Jahangir as his benamis.During the raid on Zafar Pahelwan's property, police seized 34 .32 revolver rounds. He told police that to protect himself from rivals, he obtained a weapon's license in the past and procured a revolver. Subsequently, his weapon was deposited in the court in a case and the ammunition purchased using the license was found by police at his house.Zafar has a large number of benami properties and he confessed to it. He has a double-bedroom flat in Mumbai, which he usually tells people was a gift from his sister, a 1,700 square yard plot located next to Zamzam function hall in Shivrampally in the name of his son Hamood, Mayuri lodge opposite Zoo Park registered in the name of his eldest daughter Farhana, 20 houses around his house at Rahmatnagar in Yakutpura and a lot of encroached property across the city.Zafar Pahelwan also confessed that he was the main conspirator in the murder case of Ilyas Ali Khan at Gods Power Gym in Santosh Nagar on March 19. He said he got Ilyas eliminated for giving evidence against him in an assault case.Incidentally, Zafar began his career as an armed reserve constable, but was dismissed from service for involvement in illegal activities. The first case was booked against him in 1967 and a history-sheet was being maintained against him for the last 35 years.Revenue department officials are probing land grabbing cases related to Pahelwan. According to Hyderabad RDO T Hareesh, 1,700 square yard graveyard land found in possession of Zafar was government land and they were collecting ownership details of four more acres of land in his possession. \"We have also written to archeology department officials to visit the encroached property to inspect a tomb. I have written to them to consider declaring it (tomb) a protected monument,\" the RDO told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738458", "title": "Passengers rue lack of credit card facility at Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: Though the railways has planned a slew of measures to provide amenities to passengers at all the major stations across the country, a long pending demand of the passengers visiting Patna from far off places for credit card facility at Patna Junction is yet to be conceded by it.Giving vent to their feelings, such passengers, mostly businessmen, tourists and women , said that Patna has undergone a sea change during the past five to six years. \"Still most of the people visiting Patna do not carry cash with themselves. They depend on their credit cards or withdraw cash from ATM installed on railway premises,\" they said. There were instances when the ATM kiosks either did not function or showed 'insufficient balance' in the accounts. People have to use their credit cards in that case to save themselves from unnecessary harassment, they said, adding procuring or booking railway journey tickets often causes great problems to them due to cash shortage.A few girl students -- Nikhita, Suman and Pooja -- who often travel between Patna-Delhi and Patna-Bangalore admitted that they prefer to use their credit cards for procuring railway tickets. Credit card facilities are available at all metropolitan stations as well as major stations in the south. But, Patna Junction which has become a hub of passenger trains, lacks this facility at a time when the railways is committed to provide high-tech amenities to passengers, they lamented. Several business executives said that the railways must provide this facility at least at a capital station. It would not cost the railways much, they said. All authorized agents of the railways have been charging exorbitantly for providing services to passengers by procuring online tickets for them in an emergency.According to an Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) official, the railways has a plan in the pipeline to provide credit and debit card facilities through ATM counters. But, an ECR official said that the railways has no plan to introduce credit card facility at Patna Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12741072", "title": "Another Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh activist released", "text": "KORAPUT: One more Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) activist was granted bail by a Koraput court on Thursday taking the total number of Sangh members released on bail to five.The additional district judge (Fastrack) Dilip Kumar Mishra of Jeypore granted bail to Rabi Tadingi arrested for his involvement in a 2009 loot case in Narayanpatna police station area.\"The court granted bail to Tadingi with a bond of Rs 5,000,\" said Khaleed Khan the activist's counsel.Earlier on Tuesday and Wednesday, the court had granted bail to Argu Sirika, Dora Hontal, Dhana Hontal and Wadeka Walsi.Except Walsi, the four other activists figured in the list of 13 prisoners whom the state government had agreed to release in exchange of abducted MLA Jhina Hikaka.Officials said as many as 23 CMAS activists are lodged at Koraput jail for their involvement in a series of offensives in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon police station areas.\"Bail application of another three CMAS activists will be filed in a court at Koraput on Friday,\" the advocate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739204", "title": "3-year-old girl raped, murdered at Cuffe Parade", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a three-year-old girl was found floating in the sea near Maker Towers at Cuffe Parade on Thursday morning. The girl went missing from her house in Ambedkar Nagar between Wednesday midnight and 2 am on Thursday. Her father, Rajeev Sharma, has emerged as the prime suspect in the case.Post-mortem reports on Thursday evening showed that the girl was sexually violated before being murdered too.The police said she lived with her great grandparents. Her parents had married in 2008 and divorced a year later. Her mother, Suzzane (23), had remarried last year and was staying with her new husband in the Shiv Shakti Nagar chawls, also in Cuffe Parade. According to neighbours, both parents would visit the girl occasionally but she was attached to her aged guardians.The police said Rajeev and Suzzane had an argument two days ago about the girl's custody. \"Suzzane told him he could take care of her if he wanted too or else she would take charge of the child. He allegedly threatened her and said she would see how he took care of the child,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Colaba division) Iqbal Shaikh.Shaikh added that his threat, coupled with the fact that he has been absconding since morning, has forced them to make him the prime suspect.The girl's great grandmother said she was playing in the house till midnight, after which the family went to sleep. She woke up a few hours later and discovered the child was missing.\"They searched the area for about two hours and then lodged a missing person's complaint with the police. Her mother was notified in the morning after the body was found,\" said Shaikh.Earlier, two girls of similar age were found murdered in the area. Their bodies were found in an abandoned compound in Cuffe Parade last November and this January.The police have been unable to make a breakthrough in those cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12739950", "title": "She\u2019s a doctor who treats and pays for consultation too", "text": "LUDHIANA: Anyone who knows Dr Inderpreet Sohi, a neonatologist of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), sees her as an epitome of selfless service to the poor and needy patients. The 43-year-old doctor doesn't wait for poor patients to approach her for help but seeks them out to provide assistance.Inderpreet, who joined CMCH as an MBBS student and later even did MD in medicine from the institute, said the turning point for her came about six years ago.''When I joined the neonatology department I became very aware of the poor patients around me who had no money to even pay their bills. It pinched me and I thought over what I could do to help them. So, I approached Dr Britt from United Kingdom and Dr Sunil Paul Raj from Ireland, both associated with the NGO Friends of Ludhiana,'' she said. Inderpreet added that the duo shell out from their pocket and also collect donations by organizing opera shows to help.On duty, Inderpreet remains on the lookout for patients struggling to clear their dues at the time of discharge or for patients leaving the treatment mid-way due to cash crunch. ''Then I approach the concerned authorities to offer help. I also try and get free medicines from medical representatives,'' said Inderpreet.Shamsher (name changed), an HIV positive patient who knows Inderpreet, is all praise for her. ''She is doing a great service to mankind,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740835", "title": "Petroleum dealers to go on strike on May 5", "text": "INDORE: The petroleum dealers in the state, numbering 1500, are up in arms against the state government's decision to impose value added tax (VAT) at depot level. A proposal in this regard was included in the current fiscal's budget presented by the state finance minister, Raghaoji, on the floor of state assembly in March. A delegation of petroleum dealers called on the state industry and information technology minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, here on Wednesday and urged him to take up their case to the state government. The minister reportedly assured them of taking their issue with the chief minister in near future.There are 4,000 petrol pumps in the state that will be observing a day-long strike on May 5 against the VAT. In case, the state government did not pay heed to their demands, they may start an indefinite stir from May 11. Indore city is likely to be badly affected by the strike. On an average, 2.5-3 lakh litres of petrol and 10-12 lakh litres of diesel are sold off by the petrol pumps, numbering more than 80, in the city on a daily basis.After their meeting with the minister, Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers Association, told TOI: \"The state government has implemented VAT on a multi-point basis in the state, whereas we want it to be on a single-point basis as has been the case till now.\"\"It would be easier for the state to collect VAT directly from the oil companies. In that case, we also won't have to run from pillar to post to get all the procedures done. Appointment of full-time auditors will result in extra-burden for the traders,\" he said.\"We have already suggested the state government to directly charge the tax from respective oil firms. Such type of system already prevails in states like Punjab and others, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740215", "title": "Wastepickers' meet to begin from April 24", "text": "PUNE: A week-long convention of wastepickers will begin in Pune on April 24. More than 500 wastepickers from 30 cities including Mumbai, Latur, Ahmednagar, Ujjain, Bhopal , Indore, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore and representatives from Nepal, Cambodia, Bangladesh, Indonesia, China, the Philippines and Pakistan will attend. More contingents and activists from African and South American countries are also expected.The convention hopes to plan strategies to integrate wastepickers into solid waste management. Urban local body officials from Asian countries would also be a part of this convention. They will attend a day-long workshop along with representatives from the city.The event would also have an international strategic workshop to deliberate on different models of inclusion in municipal solid waste management systems. SWACH has organized the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740818", "title": "Inter-state burglar held, 4 cases solved", "text": "MYSORE: An inter-state burglar who was convicted twice in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu for house break-ins was arrested again for the same crime here on Thursday. Krishna alias Raja, 38, from Bangalore was caught red-handed while he was planning a burglary at a house in Siddhartha Layout in Nazarbad police limits here recently.A beat police team saw Raja jumping over the compound of a locked house, after which they arrested him the with the help of people. During questioning, Raja admitted that he had burgled four houses in Mysore in the last few years. Police commissioner K L Sudheer said stolen jewellery weighing 593 gram and worth Rs 15 lakh have been recovered from him. Investigation is on to know his involvement in other crimes, if any.Investigation officer G N Mohan said that Raja, who used to operate alone, would do a quick reccee of an area and look out for locked houses to strike later in the night. In all the four burglaries reported in Mysore, Raja had gained entry by breaking open the front doors. He first used to take off the screws from the lock, and then open the doors using a crowbar. The jewellery pledged with pawn brokers and financiers through known persons in Tamil Nadu has been recovered.Commissioner Sudheer has advised residents to take security measures to prevent burglaries and other crimes. He has asked the public to fix quality door locks or to cover both main and rear doors with grills. Raja has earlier served jail terms for more than six years -- three-and-a-half in Tamil Nadu and three in Bangalore -- for burglaries that he committed in Bangalore and Krishnagiri in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737821", "title": "Youth commits suicide over spat with mother", "text": "KANPUR: An 18-year-old youth committed suicide on late Wednesday night in Sajeti police circle.According to reports, Suresh hanged himself from a tree in Kotra Makrandpur on Wednesday night, following a quarrel with his family members.Suresh, whose maternal uncle was getting married on Wednesday, picked up an argument with his mother Shiv Pyari, when she did not permitted him to attend his uncles wedding ceremony. Suresh later left the house and on Thursday morning, villagers of Simnapur Marg spotted his body hanging from a roadside tree.They called local police who rushed to the spot and brought the body of the victim down. Later, police apprised his family members about the incident. The police sent the body for autopsy after conducting preliminary investigations.Arrested: A motorcyclist was killed on-the-spot in a head-on collision with a tractor near Ramaipur Majhawan Road under Bidhnoo police station of the district on late Wednesday night.Police said one Deepu, son of Ram Prakash, a resident of Bheemsen, was going somewhere by his motorcycle. Sources said as he reached Ramaipur Majhawan Road, his motorcycle collided head-on with a tractor coming from the opposite direction, resulting in the death of Deepu on the spot.The tractor driver abandoned the vehicle and escaped from the spot, police said. The police said the tractor had been seized. Efforts were on to trace the driver, he added.FIR lodged: Kin of Munni Devi (42), who died in a private hospital on April 17, had logged an FIR against the doctor who was treating her at the Panki police Station here on Thursday.Munni Devi was admitted to Mahavir Hospital in E Block Panki and died on Wednesday. The kin of the deceased created ruckus at the hospital and alleged that their patient had died due to poor and improper treatment. Police are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12738681", "title": "Rs 17-lakh worth illegal cough syrup seized", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The drug control department has seized 20,000 bottles of illegally-made cough syrup worth Rs 17 lakh after it was found being sold here among students as a sedative.The medicine 'Cofcare' was seized from a local distributor at Puthiyara on Thursday by a seven-member squad.Officials say the medicine was made by an unlicensed firm in Hyderabad.The manufacturing company did not have any valid licence for commercial production and sale of the syrup from the Andhra Pradesh government.According to assistant drug controller P K Sreekumar the drug contains huge quantity of Codeine Phosphate, which blurs vision and creates breathing discomfort apart from loss of consciousness among regular users.The drug control department officials produced the seized products before the judicial first class magistrate court III.\"We will handover the details of product and supplier to the police for further probe. We will also contact the drug control department in Hyderabad to ensure follow-up action,\" said Sreekumar, who headed the squad.The assistant drug controller has also ordered all drug distributors in the district to submit a monthly report specifying the purchase and sale of drugs which could be misused as sedatives to the department.Regional drug inspector P M Jayan, drug inspectors Shaji M Varghese, Mohammed Sali, P Noufal, M Mahalakshmi and M Raveendran were part of the squad that seized drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12739125", "title": "3 BSF jawans suspended", "text": "JAISALMER: The BSF headquarters has suspended three BSF jawans for negligence with regard to smuggling heroin from Pakistan through the international border at Ganaganagar. The 20 kg heroin worth Rs 100 crore was smuggled on Monday night and recovered from Punjab on Wednesday.BSF Ganganagar sector DIG Ranjeet Singh Rathore said that prima facie the three BSF jawans who were on duty then have been found to be careless. He added that court of inquiry has been ordered by the headquarters. BSF has also handed over protest note in this case to Pakistan.Rajasthan frontier IG K L Meena on Wednesday inspected the spot and issued directions so that such incidents do not occur in future. He has instructed the officials to remain alert all the time at the border. BSF official sources said that 20 kg of heroin was recovered from two persons on motorcycle by Punjab police in Chakan Wala area of Fazilka district of Punjab situated a kilometer from Ganganagar district. This proves that heroin was brought from Pakistan border into Ganganagar.DIG Rathore said that flag meeting with Pakistan at the level of company commander was organized in which BSF has expressed its protest before the Pak rangers and handed over protest note. Pakistan Rangers were shown the proofs of footprints and handed over other evidences. Twenty kg heroin was reportedly thrown by smugglers from Pakistan over the fence at K S Wala border post of BSF at the international border adjoining Ganganagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12738633", "title": "Fishermen seek govt aid for maintenance of boats", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen in Rameswaram now have a different task at hand. With the 45-day fishing ban coming into force from April 15, they are gearing up for maintenance works of the boats, the focus primarily being on repairing them. However, they are seeking government aid through bank loans as the high cost of maintenance is forcing them to borrow from loan sharks.According to the fishermen, they may require between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 2 lakh to carry out maintenance works on mechanised boats. The maintenance will include engine and carpentry works, painting and mending of fishing gear. While the engine and carpentry works may require about Rs 1 lakh, they may require Rs 50,000 to Rs 75,000 on fishing gear, the fishermen said.\"We have to borrow from loan sharks since we are not able to get bank loans. The interest rate is above 5% and many fishermen will end up paying their loan throughout the entire fishing period. Some of us have sold our boats to pay loans in the end,\" S Emerit, a fisherman from Rameswaram said.\"It is not just the maintenance works that we need to carry out, but it is also important for us to retain our crew. We should also manage the expenses of our families, and by the time the fishing period starts, the schools reopen and the expenses for our children should also be managed,\" he said.The expenses are very high with traders eyeing the ban period to increase prices of materials. \"For instance, a Rs 50 per kg hike has been imposed on nets alone. Traders will use the ban period to their advantage to increase prices here,\" B Jesuraja, district president of the Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association at Rameswaram said.\"Government should consider some methods to help fishermen carry out maintenance works. If banks come forward to provide loans, we will pay them back during the fishing period. They can lend us using boats as surety after verifying documents. This will ensure we don't go to loan sharks,\" he stressed.Ramanathapuram district collector K Nandakumar said he will look into the issue. \"The appeal of the fishermen is valid and the district administration will consider ways to help them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740247", "title": "Lightning bolt kills engineering student", "text": "PUNE: A 19-year-old student, who was enjoying the rains on the terrace of his hostel in Dhankawadi, was killed as lightning struck him on Thursday afternoon.The city had recorded its second spell of pre-monsoon thundershower on Thursday.Bharati Vidyapeeth police have identified the deceased as Sumeet Prakash Ranbhare, who was residing at the Akshayratna hostel, Mama Yenpurenagar in Dhankawadi. Ranbhare, who is originally from Chinchwad, was pursuing his engineering degree course from a private college.The investigating officer of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station P S Konde said the incident took place around 3 pm, when Ranbhare was on the terrace. Some people, who saw him lying on the terrace after he was struck by lightning, informed the control room about the incident.\"Our team rushed to the spot and found him severely burnt,\" he said.He added that Ranbhare was rushed to a nearby private hospital in a police van. The hospital authorities declared him dead on arrival. \"He had burn marks on his face, chest, stomach and legs.\"Konde said that the post-mortem on his body was performed at the Sassoon general hospital. \"The hospital authorities have kept the viscera,\" he said, adding, \"A case of accidental death has been registered with the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740322", "title": "Fire-fighting system would have minimized damage", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters would have been spared the ordeal due to fire that damaged the Central Railway's signalling system had the concerned authorities taken measures to put an adequate fire-fighting system in place.A senior CR official said, \"The truth is that the fire-fighting system at the Kurla and Vidyavihar signalling cabin was basic, although the issue had been brought to the authorities' notice on various occasions.\"The fire originated outside the building as a short-circuit occurred in the underground cable between Kurla and Vidyavihar . It spread and damaged the signalling cabin at Vidyavihar and the route relay interlocking cabin at Kurla. Two fire engines had to be rushed to the site to douse the fire.\"The official said, \"Strict action should be taken against officials who did not pay attention to such a basic aspect. Fortunately , no life was lost or injury suffered because of the incident . At Vidyavihar, the fire alarm went off but at the Kurla building, this feature itself was absent.\"The CR is estimated to have incurred a loss of Rs 4-5 crore.Another senior official said, \"The signal panelling system costs around Rs 5 crore. It is but natural that advanced fire-fighting tools and system should have been installed, considering that the building is home to such expensive and crucial equipment that has the potential to stall the entire suburban system because of fire.\"Pramod Rao, managing director of Zicom, a security equipment firm, told TOI, \"There is advanced technology available in the form of linear fencing cable, which is laid along the underground cable. So if there is a short-circuit , the linear fencing cable will immediately help generate and alert in the control panel.\"Oppn attacks govt over 'delayed response'MUMBAI: The opposition hit out at the government for a delayed response to the railway crisis that has been playing out following the failure of the signal system on the Central Railway route in the wee hours of Wednesday. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who handles the transport portfolio, faced the brunt of the attack. Vinod Tawde, opposition leader in the legislative council, blamed the government for failing to control the situation. Suggesting that Thursday's accident could have been averted, Tawde alleged that the state government had taken no concrete steps to overcome the crisis on Wednesday, a charge that was denied by the treasury benches.-- Sandeep Ashar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739267", "title": "Ouch! Veggies, fruit prices too hot!", "text": "JAIPUR: The twists and turns in weather conditions, especially in February and March have taken a toll on the prices of fruits and vegetables. The unprecedented rains and hailstorm too has added to the woes of the farmers and thus increased the prices. This in turn has burnt a hole in the common man's pocket. Traders say that the prices of fruits and vegetables will continue to rise till July.According to wholesale dealers the prices of fruits and vegetables have risen following poor production. All India vegetable production is down by at least 25% which is pushing up prices, according to traders of the Muhana Mandi on Jaipur outskirts.Radheyshyam Phatak, president of Rajasthan Fruit and Vegetables Traders Association, said, \"The intense cold in February and March has destroyed the crop. Likewise, the unprecedented rains also played spoilsport. Thus a rise in wholesale prices varying between 10 and 20 per cent in vegetables and between 20 and 30 per cent in fruits is seen.\"He added that the prices of fruits and vegetables will continue to take an upward swing till the month of July. Quoting the wholesale prices of a few vegetables Phatak said that prices of seasonal vegetables like arbi have shot up to Rs70 per kg in April as compared to Rs 30 per kg in February. Cauliflower which was Rs 18 per kg a month ago is now being sold at Rs 30 per kg. Prices of carrot, tomato, lemon and spinach have also drastically increased over the fortnight.Other traders at the Muhana Mandi believe that the situation is not going to improve as the arrival of home-grown crops of vegetables from places including Chomu is scanty.For a consumer there is also a huge gap in the vegetable prices between mandis and shops. \"I bring all the vegetables and fruits from Muhana Mandi. I have to bear transport expenses up to Rs 650 per day. Thus, my retail price varies,\" said Seetaram Prajapati, a Jhotwara-based retail shopkeeper of fruits and vegetables.Even for fruit lovers there is no respite as the wholesale price of apples is between Rs 80 and Rs 100 per kg which has gone up to Rs 100-120 per kg in the retail market. \"There is a drop of 50 per cent in production of apples from Himachal Pradesh and J&amp;K.; Thus, our supply is less which attributes to higher prices,\" said a fruit vendor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12739743", "title": "Antwerp to face stiff competition from Dubai as De Beers shifts key unit", "text": "SURAT: Antwerp, the world's largest diamond trading hub, is set to face stiff competition from Dubai following De Beers SA, the world's largest producer of rough diamonds, moving its key sales unit to Botswana from London.Peter Meeus, chairman of Dubai Diamond Exchange (DDE), who was in the diamond city on a Dubai trade mission on Wednesday, said, \"The shifting of De Beers' sales unit from London to Botswana will have a positive impact on the diamond trade through Dubai. In the recent past, we have seen a lot of new applications coming from diamond traders in India, Belgium, New York, etc, for setting up offices in Dubai Multi Commodity Centre Authority (DMCC)\".Dubai is among the top five global diamond trading centres after Antwerp, New York, Mumbai and Israel. With worldwide demand for diamonds set to grow by 6% a year to 2020, Dubai is vying for a piece of the world's diamond pie, competing against other global diamond hubs, such as Antwerp.Dubai's location means it can serve as the gateway to parts of Africa and West Asia, and the Emirate is taking concrete steps to gain a foothold in the market. In 2004, it set up Dubai Diamond Exchange - a subsidiary of its central commodities authority, the DMCC. Since then it has seen a meteoric growth in diamond trade, with export and import of polished and rough diamonds totaling $35 billion in 2010.Meeus said, \"Dubai has become the destination of choice for diamond traders in India and Belgium due to its strategic location and tax-free business regime. In the last couple of years, DMCC boasts of over 700 diamond trading firms.\"In the start of 2012, Antwerp World Diamond Council (AWDC) launched a 'strategic master plan-2020' to preserve and extend the dominance of Antwerp in the global diamond sector. AWDC, which represents some 1,850 trading companies based in the north Belgium port city, said it aimed to create new 4,000 jobs in the sector in Antwerp by 2020.\"The position of Antwerp as the world's largest diamond trading centre is going to remain strong for years to come. I do not want to comment on the number of companies that shifted from Antwerp to Dubai, but it is difficult for traders to shift overnight as they have their social and family set up there,\" said Meeus, who is also implementing a master plan for Dubai's diamond sector.Rohit Mehta, president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI), who is also associated with Surat's diamond industry, said, \"Dubai is a promising destination for diamond trading companies as it offers tax-free environment and is strategically located. It is a gateway to African countries including Botswana and thus many Indian companies are vying for space in Dubai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740829", "title": "Street vendors lay siege toMysore City Corporation chief\u2019s office", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed at the Mysore City Corporation for sometime when a section of street vendors laid siege to the commissioner's office demanding that they be allowed to continue business at the same places till the MCC decides on the issue.At a meeting held recently, district minister S A Ramdas had announced that street vending will be regularized and vendors will be given licences by the MCC. The vendors were told that applications will be distributed from Thursday. A section of vendors, who came to the MCC to apply for the licences, were upset when authorities ran out of applications. They resorted to protest, laid siege to the old council hall where commissioner Raykar was holding a meeting with officials and experts in urban planning and demanded that he addressed their issue at the earliest stating they were suffering losses without business for the last few days.The vendors left the place only after Raykar assured them that he would solve the issue by Friday. Meanwhile, street vendors' association president Manjunath Doddamani told TOI that he was not aware of the protest as he he was not in Mysore on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739745", "title": "Board accepts resignation of Metro official", "text": "NEW DELHI: The resignation of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's director (projects and planning), Kumar Keshav, first reported in TOI on Thursday, has been accepted by the board of directors. The board held a meeting on Thursday morning.Keshav is going to stay on till May-end. He would be completing 10 years in DMRC on April 30. Sources said he has opted to work in the private sector and has been toying with the idea for some time. Though he was not available for comment, it is learnt that he may be seeking employment abroad.Attrition in Delhi Metro has been a worry and the former MD, E Sreedharan, often talked about this. Senior and middle level employees work with the best technology in the world, adding value to their CVs, and move on. DMRC has lost engineers at all levels to DLF Metro, Mumbai Metro and Dubai Metro besides others. In fact, its former director (projects), CBK Rao, had quit to join DLF Metro.Keshav's exit from DMRC is a blow to the organisation as he has been in charge of two major Metro lines that will come up in Phase III - the Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar and Janakpuri West-Botanical Garden lines. He had been looking after the two important links along with Mangu Singh, who was then promoted as MD of DMRC after Sreedharan left. The projects are at a crucial stage as tenders for both lines are already out and the work is expected to be awarded in the next few months. Following Singh's promotion, Keshav was most intimately involved in the two Metro links and his resignation may seriously hamper the projects in Phase III.Phase III will be most challenging for DMRC as there will be very long Metro lines going through congested parts of the city, with a huge number of underground stations. The 103.5-km Phase III is likely to be completed by 2016. Delhi Metro, in this phase, aims to link Mukundpur with Yamuna Vihar, Janakpuri West with Kalindi Kunj, Central Secretariat with Kashmere Gate and Jahangirpuri with Badli. The Mukundpur corridor will be the longest at 56 km with 35 stations. The Janakpuri West-Munirka-Kalindi Kunj corridor will be 34-km long and have 22 stations.In the past two months, several senior officials of DMRC have left, leaving a relatively new team to work on Phase III. These officials who had been shifted to DMRC from the Railways and CPWD have been sent back to their parent departments, said a source. While DMRC has been hiring many engineers, most of them are new both the work and work culture. This has created a vacuum. DMRC now has three directors who have been part of the earlier phases - HS Anand, Raj Kumar and Satish Kumar.Keshav had joined DMRC as chief project manager, west, on May 1, 2002 on deputation from the Railways. He was earlier working as senior divisional engineer, Central Railway, Jhansi. During his stint in DMRC, he executed important projects like the Dwarka, Inderlok- Mundka and Central Secretariat-Badarpur lines. He was promoted as director (projects and planning) in December 2009. He originally belonged to Indian Railways Service of Engineers (IRSE) and joined Railways in 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12740866", "title": "Railway gateman escapes abduction bid, two nabbed", "text": "SILCHAR: A gang of suspected miscreants on Wednesday night tried to abduct the gateman of a railway crossing at Hilara on the Lumding-Silchar section of the Northeast Frontier Railway. However, their bid failed due to the timely arrival of locals at the spot, 36 km from here.A senior police officer said according to the gateman, four miscreants travelling in a Maruti Alto stopped at the gate where the metre-gauge railway track crosses NH 6 (earlier NH 44). They got off and tried to overpower gateman Ravi Shankar Dutta (26), who was on duty in his booth, and abduct him by forcing him into the car. Dutta screamed and called to locals for help. People at a nearby local market rushed to the gate and freed the gateman, a resident of Jhumbasti locality in Badarpur.Sources said the locals chased the miscreants and managed to catch hold of two of them. However, the other two fled into the night, leaving the car behind. The angry locals manhandled the two men they'd caught, identified as Abdul Sattar (30) and Sanjib Chanda (28), both residents of Duttapur village near Badarpur in Karimganj district. They also damaged the car. Later, police from Kalain police station reached the place and arrested the miscreants.Sources said Assam Police on Thursday handed over the duo and the car to the General Railway Police (GRP) at Badarpur. While GRP officials have been interrogating them, an operation is on to nab the other two miscreants who managed flee on Wednesday night.The sources said the four involved in the abduction bid are members of a gang led by dreaded criminal Selim Uddin of Badarpur. Selim along with 11 others is currently behind bars in connection with the abduction and killing of Ahrar Ahmed alias Naz (20), a B.Sc student of Karimganj College, on November 20 last year. But other members of his gang are active in Karimganj and are carrying out kidnappings, car thefts, fake currency notes racket, dacoities and murders.NF Railway Mazdoor Union general secretary (Badarpur) Bhajan Dey demanded adequate security for gatemen. He demanded immediate arrest of the other two miscreants involved in the abduction bid. Dey on Thursday said toilets, drinking water and electricity should be provided inside booths at railway gates across the region.Militants had abducted Tarun Kumar Bhattacharjee (50), a locomotive driver from southern Hailakandi area in Barak Valley in October last year from a running goods train. He was rescued after one month of his abduction.Train services have been largely disrupted for more than 10 years now on the Lumding-Silchar section due to triggering of bomb blasts on the railway tracks, firing of bullets targeting trains and drivers before surrender of major militant groups in Dima Hasao district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12740035", "title": "Civic body finally acts, razes illegal structures", "text": "LUDHIANA: After two days of no success in their anti-encroachment drive, municipal authorities finally razed 25 illegal structures on National Highway 1, from octroi post till Green Land School, on Thursday morning. Heavy police force was deployed on the stretch to handle resistance from the defaulters.The encroachments had been coming in the way of six-laning the highway. Officials had been delaying the drive for many months despite orders of the Punjab and Haryana high court but have swung into action as they have to submit a status report in court of the encroachments they have cleared on May 2.On Thursday, officials razed boundary walls constructed illegally. There was some resistance near a hosiery unit with owners demanding time to dismantle the illegal structure.When near a hosiery unit some owners demanded time to dismantle illegal structures, officials allowed them two days to do so. Some people claimed that their property is legal and presented their papers at which the officials did not raze those structures.Assistant town planner of A zone Harpreet Ghai said, ''We were waiting for the police before starting the anti-encroachment drive and on Thursday since cops were deployed we razed around 25 illegal structures on NH1. It took almost five hours to raze the structures.''The drive had been cancelled on Tuesday and Wednesday claiming that they were not getting police force and that it is difficult to raze the structures without cops. According to MC records, around 2,500 commercial and residential accommodations that violate PUDA Act were supposed to be demolished. The rule book says any commercial or residential accommodation needs to be 16.5 feet away from highways and bypasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12738599", "title": "Child in Mexican murder case to go with paternal grandparents", "text": "MADURAI: Mexican child Adele (6), daughter of Martin Manric, who has been arrested for killing his girlfriend and also mother of the child, is expected to be handed over the child's paternal grandparents after Monday. Martin had killed Ceule Denise Acosta on April 9 in a dispute over the custody of the child and later burnt her body near Austinpatti in the city outskirts. He was arrested by the Madurai police on Tuesday as the police managed to crack the case through a car spare part found near the dead body.Martin has been remanded in custody and was sent to Puzhal prison in Chennai on Wednesday. The child was handed over to a home named Sakthi Vidiyal in the city. The child welfare committee that was supposed to meet on Thursday to discuss the handing over of the child to legal guardians had postponed the sitting to Friday. A member of the CWC, S Selva Gomathi, said the case was a first of its kind involving a foreign child so they have to study all the factors involved in the matter. They should study all the legal formalities of handing over the child to the legal guardians.\"We should also ask the opinion of the child and its willingness to go with the legal guardians. Mexican law in this procedure should also be taken into consideration. The three-member CWC will be discussing all factors during the meeting on Friday,\" she said.Senior police officials said that when Martin was called for interrogation on Monday night, his child Adele accompanied him and during the inquiry, she stayed with one of his colleagues. They had also summoned a woman sub-inspector and two lady constables to come in plain clothes to take care of the child when she was in the police station.\"We could produce the child in court only after arresting the man on Tuesday. We did everything to ensure that the child felt comfortable during that period. The women police personnel stayed with the child for some hours at home as well to make her feel comfortable,\" the official said.Jim Jessdoss, director of Sakthi Vidiyal, said the child was socialising herself at home though she was very depressed on Wednesday. \"She was sad asking for her father but she started socialising with other children from Thursday, playing with them and watching television with them. She is comfortable with Indian food and likes parotta in particular,\" he said.The embassy officials from Mexico, who had come to Madurai also visited the home and interacted with the child. \"The embassy officials said Adele's paternal grandmother had already left that country and she may reach here on Saturday. However, it is expected that it will take another few days as several legal procedures are involved in this matter. Moreover, all the documents that are in Spanish should also be translated in English as well. So it will take some days,\" he said.Madurai SP Asra Garg said the embassy officials were in town on Wednesday and held an inquiry. However, they have not informed the government about the relatives coming to take custody of the child, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740885", "title": "Sector 26 restaurant manager alleges false FIR", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after an FIR was registered against management of Zaika Restaurant in Sector 26, marketing manager of restaurant, Simranjit Singh Chahal, has filed a complaint before SSP (UT) stating that a wrong FIR was registered against the management on Thursday.The FIR was registered against the management officials for not providing information about the restaurant servants to local police on April 15. The case was registered under Section 188 (not following the government orders) of the IPC at police station in Sector 26.In his complaint Chahal stated that cops from police station in Sector 26 came to the restaurant on April 13 and asked about the forms. H said, that he informed the officials that the general manager of the restaurant is not available for the next one week and informed them that details about servants have already been submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12740466", "title": "\u2018Breast cancer is actually 10 different diseases\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Breast cancer is \"not one disease, but 10 different diseases\", according to a 'landmark study' that could revolutionize its treatment.An international team of researchers that analysed breast cancers from 2,000 women said the classifications could help improve treatment by tailoring drugs for patients' exact type of breast cancer and also predict survival more accurately. It will take at least three more years for the findings to be used in hospitals, the researchers said.In the study, published in the journal Nature, the team analysed genetics of frozen breast cancer samples from 2,000 women at hospitals in the UK and Canada. They looked in huge detail at the genetics of the tumour cells - which genes had been mutated, which genes were working in overdrive, which were being shut down.They found that all the different ways the cells changed when cancerous could be grouped into 10 different categories, named IntClust one to 10. Each tumour within a particular group shares similar genes and different women with the same type have similar odds of survival.\"Breast cancer is not one disease, but 10 different diseases,\" lead researcher professor Carlos Caldas, was quoted as saying by the BBC News.He added, \"Our results will pave the way for doctors in the future to diagnose the type of breast cancer a woman has, the types of drugs that will work and those that won't, in a much more precise manner than is currently possible.\"At the moment, breast cancers are classified by what they look like under the microscope and tests for \"markers\" on the tumours. Those with \"oestrogen receptors\" should respond to hormone therapies, while those with a \"Her2 receptor\" can be treated with Herceptin.The vast majority of breast cancers, over 70%, should respond to hormone therapies. However, their reaction to treatment varies wildly. \"Some do well, some do horribly. Clearly we need better classification,\" said Caldas.Dr Harpal Singh, of Cancer Research UK that funded the study, said, \"This study will change the way we look at breast cancer, it will have an enormous impact in diagnosing and treating breast cancer.\"He added the charity would begin using the new criteria in clinical trials it funded. Outside of trials for new cancer drugs, the new breast cancer rulebook could take some time to directly benefit patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739572", "title": "Suicide in Sachivayala complex", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year old woman consumed poison at Sachivalaya parking on Wednesday afternoon and later died at Gandhinagar Civil Hospital in the night. As per her estranged husband, she had come to check the status of her complaint with the chief minister's website. Police have found a suicide note from the spot.According to Sector 7 police officials, Ami Patel, 26, a resident of Patel Nagar, Mehsana, was found unconscious from the parking lot of Block 2 of Sachivalaya by the government employees. She was rushed to Gandhinagar Civil Hospital where she was diagnosed with poisoning.\"We learnt that Ami had married to Kalpesh, a local youth, in 2006 against her parents' will. In 2008, Ami gave birth to their child Jainam. During this period, as per Kalpesh's complaint, Ami's parents Kantibhai and Premilaben kept on pressuring her to leave him and come back to them. Bowing down to the pressure, she divorced Kalpesh in 2009. However, after a week's separation, the couple again started living together but did not remarry,\" said a Sector 7 police official.Ami had been to her parents' residence in October 2011 where she was allegedly held captive and was not allowed to return to her home. Kalpesh registered a complaint with local police after which she was freed. Since then, the couple had sent more than 100 applications to various authorities including Swagat Online, chief minister Narendra Modi's initiative for citizens grievances. Kalpesh said that Ami had been to Sachivalaya to check the status of her complaint as she had not received any confirmation from the website. A C Jadeja, deputy superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, said that they have started probing the case. \"We've approached the Sachivalaya officials to know whom she met and what prompted her to take the extreme step,\"he said.ranging from state director general of police to national human rights commission.Talking to TOI, Kalpesh said that as a last resort, Ami had filed a complaint with Swagat Online,the initiative of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi where citizens can directly complain to him. \"She had filed the application on April 9. As she had not received any confirmation or next course of action, she had been to the Sachivalaya on Wednesday. What I heard next was her suicide bid,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738452", "title": "Poly bags to be banned in Patna zoo from June 5", "text": "PATNA: Carrying polythene bags inside the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park (zoo) will be banned from June 5. If visitors wanted to carry something, they would have to purchase bags made of eco-friendly material at the entrance. The decision was taken at a meeting of forest officials chaired by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who also holds environment and forest portfolio.The meeting also okayed the decision to bring a pair of chimpanzees from Nandan Kanan zoo in Odisha in exchange of a giraffe after summer season. The zoo received a pair of leopards from Guwahati zoo under the animal exchange programme.It was also decided to recruit unemployed youths as guide for visitors after giving them some training. The zoo would also have specially trained rescue teams which would catch animals found outside their cages. There would be more food courts inside the zoo apart from the Sudha kiosk. Work on installing three fountains in the pond was in progress and they would be operational in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738627", "title": "Preserving how Gonds read the stars", "text": "NAGPUR: With the aim of conserving traditional knowledge about astronomy among Gond tribals the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai, is making a film based on information gathered from 15 Gond villages in central India. It is a part of the bigger project \"Study of History of Astronomy in India' funded by the Jamshedji Tata Trust.Since shooting the film at different villages in night could be time consuming, the principal investigator of the achaeo-astronomy project Mayank Vahia from TIFR has come out with a simpler solution. He will be shooting the film in Raman Science Centre (RSC) planetarium. Some background scenes have already been shot in the villages. The shooting began on Monday at the centre. To ensure authenticity, Vahia is ensuring that only senior citizens from various Gond villages are involved. \"Instead of showing a film with a commentary, the centre is just projecting the night sky and asking the villagers to identify the constellation and give their interpretation which is then recorded,\" said Shrikant Pathak, RSC project coordinator.\"We are recording the astronomy as understood by tribals and how they have integrated it into their lives. Gond is the largest ethnic community in India dating back to about 1000 BC and has rich but different astronomical knowledge. Gond astronomy is pre-vedic and their astronomical ideas have frozen and are being followed for generations. With the younger generation taking to modern education, their ideas are changing. We plan to document the fading knowledge that will die with the present generation,\" he said.TFR's public relation officer Kishore Menon is also accompanying the team. \"We visited the 15 villages last year for ground study and had a one to one interaction with the residents that prompted researchers to make the film,\" he said.Gonds have totally different interpretation of different constellations. For example, the belt of Orion is called as 'Tipan or three stars'. Along with the sword of Orion, it is called as Nagarda which is like a plough. With Taurus, the eastern shoulder or Orion, Lipus and Sirus it makes a sequence of farming activities. Similarly the main four stars in Saptarishi constellation are believed to be the legs of bed of an old lady made of gold, silver, inferior silver and copper in anticlockwise direction from the star of contact to the trailing three stars which are supposed to be three thieves trying to steal. The tribals believe the day the thieves succeed, it would be the end of the world.\"Looking at the brightness and the position of stars, the Gonds decide whether the season would have enough rains and sow the seeds of crops accordingly. Similarly, they decide the reaping time,\" explained Masram Manohar, an education officer at a BEd college in Utnoor village in Adilabad district in Andhra Pradesh. Manohar is voluntarily interpreting Gond language into Hindi and English.The director Sanskar Desai, a renowned documentary maker and general secretary of Indian Documentary Producers Association, and his younger sister Dhvani Desai, an animation artist who would be adding animations in the film, are so impressed by the simple and content attitude of Gonds that besides completing the astronomy film they plan to make a separate film on their culture.Dhvani, known for many international awards for her film Sakshi, explained how adding animation would add life to the film in a different manner. \"Generally we work from distance in science films. But the humility of the Gonds is so amazing that I am tempted to add some aspects of their culture through animation,\" she said.Ganesh Halkare, a social worker from Amravati, is acting as a link between the villagers and TIFR. With post graduate degrees in both anthropology and archaeology, he is deeply interested in learning about ethnic groups in India. \"I identified most knowledgeable senior citizens from different villages and brought them to Nagpur. Since they are the most respected in their community, they were little apprehensive about coming here. The hospitality offered by the centre and the filmmakers have won their hearts,\" he said.Rajeshwar Vetti from Keslapur village in Adilabad district, Shyamshiv Shivram Madavi and Sitaram Kesan Madavi from Kharmat village in Pomuburna tehsil in Chandrapur district were the ones who shared maximum information during the shoot. Besides, senior citizens from Dabhadi, Nimni and Matharjun villages in Yavatmal district also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739554", "title": "AIDS patient files complaint over social boycott", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An AIDS patient, living in a housing society at Ghodasar, lodged a complaint with Vatva police on Friday accusing his neighbours of harassing him and trying to drive him out of the colony. Just four days back, the patient had attempted suicide at his residence owing to the harassment. In that case, police had filed a case of abetment to suicide.The 45-year-old man's relatives said, the incident took place at 9:30 am on Thursday after he came back home from the LG Hospital. \"He had concealed his identity as an AIDS patient from society members for long. However, the news spread a month back after which the man and his family were targeted by the society members who have been trying to force them to leave the society. However, matters took a turn for the worse four days back when some residents allegedly pelted stones at him. All this took place despite the fact that we had submitted an application of complaint to the Vatva police about constant harassments,\" said a relative of the victim.On Thursday, he was again targeted by a group near his house. The victim then called up city police. When police did not turn up, his relative sought help from social activists. Police came to the spot only after the mob started growing at the spot. Finally, police registered cross-complaints and arrested the man along with four others from the spot for assault.\"We have taken an assurance from the society residents that there will be no more harassment in the future. We have told them that if there is any repetition of this, they will be booked for criminal offence,\" said a Vatva police official after the incident. The man however decided to approach senior police authorities to represent his case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740922", "title": "Municipal corporation\u2019s seen as sign of political compulsion", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The decision of the municipal corporation's general house not to introduce house tax is being seen as a political compulsion across parties who are disinclined to annoy residents by imposing any extra financial burden. The political parties with an eye on the parliamentary polls in 2014 don't want to give any opportunity to their opponents to target them on any issue.Sources in the Congress revealed that senior leaders of the party have clearly told the municipal councillors to avoid imposing any kind of tax on the public and if the UT wants to take any decision on the issue, then the matter can be dealt with later.Former municipal councillor and senior Congress leader Subash Chawla said, \"We are not in favour of imposing any kind of tax on the residents, as the city is not short of funds. However we can certainly look at some other options to generate income. We are not getting our due share which we were to get after imposition of tax on commercial property.\"Municipal councillor Arun Sood said, \"It is failure on the part of city mayor that residents have to worry about imposition of house tax on residential property.The mayor should have taken a delegation of members of the municipal corporation to the UT administrator and the Delhi financial commissioner to press for non-imposition of any kind of tax on city residents. Chandigarh generates a good amount of revenue but gets less financial aid and the Congress is responsible for that.\"Former mayor and SAD councillor Harjinder Kaur also held the Congress responsible for this scenario.\"Two hundred UT buses are not running presently and we are losing revenue because of that but nobody sees that. Besides that tertiary treated water project is still not fully functional for which the Congress-led MC had taken a grant in the last term. A record about the utilization of Government of India's grant to UT should be made public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "12738362", "title": "3 commuters held for vandalism", "text": "BARRACKPORE: Three persons were arrested on Thursday on charges of assaulting GRP officials and vandalizing an RPF booth at Barrackpore station. An irate mob ransacked the office after RPF jawans stood mute spectators to rail passengers being assaulted by a gang of youths at Titagarh station. They - Tapas Biswas, Angab Srivastava and Prasenjit Samanta - were produced in Sealdah court on Thursday afternoon.An altercation between some passengers and a youth over a seat in the Up Kalyani Simanta local sparked trouble. The youth had forcibly occupied another passenger's seat. \"He threatened passengers with dire consequences,\" a passenger said. When the train reached Titagarh, the youth called up some others who rushed to the station and attacked the passengers with rods, sticks and belts.On reaching Barrackpore, the passengers started agitation and also stormed into an RPF booth and damaged some furniture, alleging inaction on part of the RPF men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738818", "title": "No difference in AIEEE online &amp; offline exams, says CBSE", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Board of Secondary Education, that conducts the AIEEE, has clarified that both the online and offline versions of test will have same difficulty level. While the offline exam will be conducted just once on April 29, the online version will be held multiple times over four days in May. Coaching institutes and students were concerned that this multiplicity of online question papers will result in both easy and difficult sets being prepared.In a circular, CBSE has clarified, \"multiple sets of questions papers have been prepared for AIEEE-2012. Subject experts who have prepared the papers have certified that the entire syllabi of mathematics, physics and chemistry have been covered by dividing the syllabi of each subject into appropriate number of units and choosing equal number of questions from every unit.\"The circular issued by the director (special exams) mentioned \"in every set, each subject carries the same percentage of easy, medium and difficult questions. This ensures the same difficulty level of each set.\" Nagpur city is a totally online centre with exams scheduled to be held on May 7, 12, 19 and 26. Keeping in view last year's AIEEE paper leak that caused a major embarrassment to CBSE, this year the authorities are tight-lipped on preparations. Amravati is the nearest offline exam centre from the city.Two centres for the online exam belong to Guru Nanak Institutions (GNI), which has been asked to be ready with the infrastructure needed. Navneet Tuli, general secretary of GNI, said, \"We have about 400 computers in both colleges and have kept everything ready for exams. Staff of Tata Consultancy Services will be present along with our staff members during online exam. They asked for a 40kbps Internet connection and we are ready with a 6mbps line.\"The institute has been asked to be prepared to conduct the exam for 160 students taking the exam in one batch. Tuli added, \"They will have two batches per day so our infrastructure is more than enough. The exam will be conducted on four separate days which means 1280 students would be able to appear at our institutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743840", "title": "'Walking is the most organic way to exercise'", "text": "...says actress Poorna Jagannathan, who also does a mix of yoga and hitting the gymMy personal de-stress mantra is...I get stressed out very easily so I have to take time out everyday to exercise. I carry all my stress on my shoulders and yoga is the best way to ease that. So it's yoga a couple of times a week and working out at the gym about thrice a week. Then everyday, I'll get in about an hour of walking - I just run all my errands by foot so it's the most organic way to exercise. Once a month, I get a deep tissue massage done.In my leisure time...Leisure time for me is doing as little as humanly possible. Most Sunday's I'll watch a corny family movie like ET or Karate Kid, order in and if I can squeeze in an afternoon nap, I feel like I've had the most relaxing day ever.A cook or a foodie...I love eating fresh, organic meals. That said, I'm not a foodie and I hate cooking. I enjoy meals most when I'm in a relaxed, familiar environment - so it can be at home or at a restaurant. My favourite cuisine is Ethiopian. It uses great spices and I love the communal eating aspect of it: everyone gathers around the same plate and eats.My hobbies...I am lucky enough to have made my hobby, my career. I used to have a full time job in advertising and acting was something I tried to squeeze in when I had any downtime. Ironically I think now, advertising feels more like a hobby!Homebody or party animal...I'm a good mix of both. I love being out with friends and meeting new people but I can only do so much of that. If I'm out more than twice a week, I'll want to cocoon myself at home.Tips to de-stress...Sleep as much as you can and don't feel guilty about it. Get a massage, even if it's just someone else putting oil in your hair, do it once a week. Walk whenever and where ever you can, it's the easiest way to get exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12740911", "title": "Businessman kidnapped in Karbi Anglong", "text": "JORHAT: Suspected militants of Karbi Peoples' Liberation Tigers (KPLT) kidnapped a businessman from Kheroni area in Hamren district of Karbi Anglong on Thursday. Though police have been successful in finding the vehicle used in the abduction, the businessman has not been rescued so far.SP (Hamren) N N Goswami said, \"Konoj Dey alias Moni Dey was kidnapped by a group of suspected KPLT militants from Kheroni area in the district when he was on his way to his business establishment. He was abducted by about seven armed militants and taken away to an undisclosed location.\"\"We launched a joint operation of police and CRPF in the district to rescue the trader. But, we have no clue about the hideout yet. However, the vehicle used in the abduction has been found from Na Ghilani village. One magazine of AK 47 rifle and 28 rounds live ammunition have also been recovered from the vehicle. We identified the owner of the vehicle and raided his house. But he was missing.\"In the meantime, police arrested two arms smugglers from Bokajan area in Karbi Anglong on Wednesday night. Superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry said, \"We arrested two persons from Bokajan on Wednesday night and recovered one 9 mm pistol from them. They are illegal arms smugglers and one of them is from Dimapur in Nagaland.\"\"Our interrogation is on and we expect to extract some information about the clandestine arms market from them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738413", "title": "Girl rescued, 2 pimps held in Calangute", "text": "PANAJI: In a late night operation, Calangute police station inspector Nolasco Raposo arrested two pimps and rescued a girl who had been forced into the sex trade at 2.10am on Thursday.Raposo informed TOI that they had received reliable intelligence from their sources that a car would be coming to the circle in front of the Calangute church to \"deliver\" a girl to a customer. Accordingly, the police laid a trap and nabbed the two pimps along with the girl when they arrived at the spot in a car.Those arrested were identified as Mohammad Aqueel from Sahanjanabad village, near Bhopal-MP and Samir Khan from Bhopal. They were arrested under Sections 2, 5, and 7 of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. The rescued 25-year-old victim has been sent to Apna Ghar for rehabilitation.The arrests come close on the heels of the recent attempts by Calangute MLA Michael Lobo to curb incidents of alleged prostitution in his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12738692", "title": "Plaint against judge: Cops send report to high court, state", "text": "YAVATMAL: Wadgaon Road police on Thursday sent a report to the high court and the state government following a complaint by a domestic help against the sitting judge of the district labour court in Yavatmal after filing of an FIR.PSO Sarjerao Gaikwad said he sent the report to the Bombay High Court and president of the labour courts of the state. He, however, admitted that no arrest was made so far despite registering cognizable and non-bailable offences under sections 376 and Prevention of Atrocity Act.The investigation is entrusted with SDPO Lata Fad. Though the cops visited the local residence of the judge, it was found locked, Gaikwad said.Labour court judge Atik Mohammad Khan was alleged to have illicit relationship with his domestic help. He allegedly exploited her sexually for the last 10 years on the pretext of marrying her. As the judge reportedly rejected her request, the victim lodged a complaint with Wadgaon Road police against him. The police have booked a case but are yet to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739294", "title": "Adarsh scam: Maharashtra bureaucrats seek protection", "text": "MUMBAI: Left anxious by the Adarsh housing society scam and the course of the investigation into it, top bureaucrats have urged the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to introduce a mechanism whereby law enforcement agencies have to first seek the permission of higher authorities before taking action against a civil servant.Last week, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad along with senior office bearers of the IAS association-including finance secretary Sudhir Shrivastav, forest secretary Pravinsinh Pardesi, revenue secretary Swadhin Kshatriya and CM's principal secretary A K Jain-called on the chief minister. During the meeting, Chavan was asked to take steps to restore the confidence of the bureaucracy, which has ebbed in the wake of the Adarsh scam.\"Our contention in the meeting was that those bureaucrats who took decisions in the interest of the state should be protected. At the same time, we made it clear that we are not asking for errant babus, who took decisions with mala fide decisions, to be protected,\" said a senior bureaucrat who was part of the delegation. The officer added that the meeting was not to defend the \"accused in the Adarsh scam since our view is that law should take its course\".The bureaucrat asserted that there is a real need for a mechanism that prohibits law enforcement agencies to take action against senior civil servants until they have first received the permission of higher authorities. He said such a safeguard is necessary because, many times, officials take decisions while discharging duties with honest intentions. But investigators do not first verify the facts. As soon as an FIR is lodged, law enforcers arrest the babus under the scanner.Also, the senior bureaucrat maintained, officials at the level of principal and additional chief secretary have to sign a large number of files every day. It is therefore not possible for them to thoroughly read all the files. Under such circumstances, unwitting mistakes are possible. \"We feel that the investigating agency should verify the intention of the bureaucrat and then decide the course of action,\" he said.\"We told the chief minister that if there is a criminal complaint against an official for taking a decision, such a complaint should be brought to the notice of the appointing authority. Action should be taken on the basis of the appointing authority's recommendations,\" the bureaucrat said.Meanwhile, a senior bureaucrat said that after the ongoing budget session is over on Friday, Chavan will meet the chief secretary, law secretary and advocate general to decide the course of action following the Adarsh commission report.Chavan has said that his government will not ask the CBI to abandon its investigation nor will it submit a report of the Adarsh commission to defence minister A K Antony. \"The judicial commission has submitted a report on limited issues, while the CBI is probing wider issues. As such, there is no question of asking the CBI to stop the probe,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738538", "title": "Detained traffic offender loses life in hospital", "text": "KOCHI: Lackadaisical attitude of the police personnel at Edappally traffic police station has cost a person his life when they allegedly failed to take him to hospital on time after he complained of chest pain.It was around 11.30am on Thursday that the police team picked up Santhosh Kurian, 44, of Vazhakunnel House, Mamala, Thiruvankulam for driving a lorry allegedly under the influence of alcohol at Kundannoor. He was brought to the Edappally traffic police station for further checkup. As he was asked to wait at the station, he complained of uneasiness and chest pain, but the police officials at the station did not take it seriously.Later, they let him off on bail after the owner of the lorry came to the station around 12 noon.While coming out of the police station, he collapsed and was immediately shifted to a nearby private hospital where he breathed his last. The family members of the victim alleged that police officials failed to take him to the hospital when he complained about pain and this has resulted in his death.His relatives lodged a complaint with the Kalamassery police station and a case was registered in connection with the incident. The body of the victim was shifted to Ernakulam Government General for post-mortem.However, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) T Gopalakrishna Pillai said that the person was heavily drunk when the police picked him up during the routine vehicle check.\"He complained about gastric irritation after he was brought to the station. There was no delay in letting him off. He collapsed after leaving the station. Though he was immediately rushed to the hospital, he breathed his last. A postmortem will be conducted to ascertain the exact cause of death,\" he said.About three years ago, a similar negligence on the part of the police officials in has resulted in the death of an assistant commissioner of central excise and customs, Palakkad Division.On June 23, 2009, P V Umesh, was detained by Njarackal police for more than three hours ignoring his plea for immediate medical assistance. Umesh was detained by the police during the routine vehicle check. Police took him to custody on the assumption that he was drunk. Though the 45-year-old officer repeatedly stated that he was suffering from hypertension and needed medical assistance, the police officials did not take him to hospital on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738904", "title": "Naidu cancels birthday plans for farmers\u2019 sake", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protesting against the severe power and farm sector crisis, TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu has decided not to celebrate his 63rd birthday on Friday.Speaking to TOI over telephone from Narsapur on Thursday, Naidu said he would participate in agitational programmes on his birthday in support of the farmers whose land was taken away by the state in the name of SEZs.\"The state is experiencing unprecedented crises, one in the farm sector for want of remunerative prices and another in the power sector due to a severe shortage.\" The common man is in distress due to the steep rise in the prices of all essential commodities, especially those of food and vegetables.\"Due to the severe drought conditions, farmers are in distress and desperate for government support. Unfortunately, there is no government in the state. All those at the helm of affairs are pre-occupied with political skullduggery and have forsaken the people. Therefore, I have decided to cancel my birthday celebrations.\"I request the TDP cadre to participate in the people's agitations and extend support to the common man in their fight against corruption and inflation,\" Naidu said.On Friday, Naidu will participate in a dharna in Kakinada in protest against the SEZ for which 10,500 acres of land belonging to farmers was taken away during the YSR regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "12739561", "title": "CBI books BEML chief for graft", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The CBI's noose tightened around BEML chairman V R S Natarajan, facing heat in the Tatra deal, with the agency on Thursday booking him in a separate case for alleged cheating, criminal conspiracy and corruption in the hiring of a private consultancy firm.The CBI also carried out searches at various locations, including Natarajan's residence in Bangalore, where it registered the case against the BEML chief.The case registered in Bangalore relates to award of a contract for the implementation of the enterprises resource planning project in the defence PSU during 2004-09. CBI has named Natarajan and C S Srivatsan, the director of Coimbatore-based Astral Consultants, as accused in the case. It believes Natarajan was part of the conspiracy to award a Rs 40 crore contract to Astral Consultants.\"It is alleged the accused were involved in a criminal conspiracy in Bangalore and other places during 2004-09 to cheat BEML by awarding contracts related to the implementation of enterprises resource planning project in BEML. It caused loss to the defence PSU and accrued gains for others,\" a CBI spokesperson said.The developments came at a time when the CBI is continuing with its investigations into the Tatra deal for supply of trucks to the Army, in which Natarajan has been questioned by the agency. However, he is not an accused in the case that was initiated after Army chief Gen V K Singh had said he was approached with a bribe offer of Rs 14 crore by a retired officer in September, 2010.In the Tatra probe, CBI on Thursday questioned two retired Army officers and a Vectra executive, whose residences were raided on Wednesday. The agency officials quizzed retired Brigadier P C Das, retired Colonel Anil Dutta and Vectra executive Anil Mansaramani at the headquarters.CBI suspects Das and Dutta were lobbying for Vectra head Ravi Rishi. Post-retirement, Das and Dutta allegedly used to liaison for Vectra with the Army and were in touch with Mansaramani, the agency suspects.Earlier this week, CBI questioned Natarajan, Rishi and former BEML director (defence business) V Mohan in connection with the case.In 1997, Tatra Sipox (UK) had signed the truck supply deal with BEML that was in alleged violation of defence procurement rules which stipulate purchase should be done directly from the original equipment manufacturer only, sources said. Tatra Sipox, it is alleged, was not the original manufacturer of these all-terrain trucks.At least five companies of UK-based Rishi are under CBI scanner in the probe and the agency has approached Interpol seeking help from four countries - the UK, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Liechtenstein.CBI may meet Army chief this weekend: CBI officials could meet Army chief Gen V K Singh over this weekend for further clarifications on his written statement given to the agency, alleging that he was offered Rs 14 crore by retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on behalf of Tatra. Sources said Gen Singh's office has told the agency that he will meet the investigating team anytime after April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738416", "title": "Protest after cops rescue suspected 'blade man' from frenzied mob", "text": "PATNA: The police on Thursday chased away a rampaging mob that had blocked the main road at Mugalpura police outpost and near Khajekallan police station by placing burning bamboos on the road. They were demanding that a suspected 'blade man', who was caught by a mob at around noon but rescued by police, be handed over to them.A youth has created terror among the people by attacking six persons, mostly girls, between City Chowk and Khajekallan police stations with blade-like object in the past two days. Police have also released the sketch of the culprit so that he could be identified and nabbed.Police said on Thursday noon some residents caught a youth and assaulted him suspecting him to be the blade man. On getting information, the Khajekallan police reached the spot and rescued the youth and took him to the police station. A large number of people assembled at Mugalpura police outpost and near Khajekallan police station demanding that the youth be handed over to them. When the Khajekallan police refused to hand over the youth to them, some people d took away some old bamboos from the police station premises and burnt them on the road. On seeing the situation getting out of control, SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar along withnd additional forces arrived and chased away the mob. The SDPO said the victims have been called to identify the youth at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738410", "title": "Engineering student succumbs to burn injury", "text": "PATNA: A second-year engineering student of Netaji Subhash Institute of Technology, Bihta, Rohit Gupta (20), succumbed to his burn injury at a private nursing home at Agamkuan on Thursday.Rohit had set himself ablaze by pouring petrol on his body at his residence in Sultanpur area under Danapur police station on Wednesday morning.In his statement before the Agamkuan police, Rohit alleged that he was being tortured by three teachers of his institute which forced him to take the extreme step. His father, Hareshwari Prasad, runs a medicine shop at Danapur.Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said the police are investigating the case. He said a police team had gone to Rohit's institute and held talks with the institute's authorities.Huts gutted: Property worth thousands of rupees were reduced to ashes when a fire broke out in 10 huts at Road number 10 under Gardanibagh police station on Thursday afternoon.Police said the fire broke out in a hut when the family members were preparing meal. The flames engulfed nine more huts destroying valuables worth thousands of rupees. On getting information, fire tenders reached the spot and doused the flames.Arrested: A police team arrested one Sunny Kumar near the NMCH under Alamganj PS on Thursday. Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said police recovered two loaded country-made pistols from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740495", "title": "Railway negligence kills 3 on tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: Three commuters were killed and 25 others-including three constables-were injured when they hit a jutting metal part of a signal pole between Nahur and Mulund stations on the Central Railway on Thursday. The Government Railway Police (GRP) has lodged a police case against CR authorities for negligence and improper maintenance of the signal post. The incident took place on a day when commuters were trying to cope with crippled services in the wake of the Kurla fire on Wednesday that hit CR's signalling system .GRP officials said the victims were clinging on to jampacked compartments in three or four different fast trains when they collided against a clamp of a signal pole's footrest that was not fixed properly. \"The clamp was jutting out as the screws had come loose due to train vibrations. It was found pointing towards the track,\" said Kurla GRP senior inspector S S Dhumal.The Kurla GRP recorded three cases of accidental death-Dombivli resident Prateek Chheda (24), Kalwa's Jiten Wara (29) and Mulund's Daneshkumar Yadav (20).Dombivli resident Wain Davis, who was on his way to Andheri for work, fractured his left hand in the incident. \"The railways should be held responsible for the shoddy maintenance work that has led to the mishap.\" To stop others from getting injured, Davis got down at Vikhroli and ignoring his own injuries , rushed to the station master's cabin and asked him to halt trains on the fast track. \"Shockingly, the officials asked me to fill a case form before proceeding. The officials claimed he would follow the rules instead of jumping to any kind of conclusion,\" Davis told TOI.Chief public relations officer of CR V A Malegaokar said the tragedy was a result of \"extreme overcrowding\". \"The trains are extremely overcrowded and there has been no violation of norms by the railways,\" he said, officials from the signal maintenance department have been charged under sections 337 and 338 of the Indian Penal Code for causing grievous hurt and common intent.A police sub-inspector is the complainant in the case. \"Every railway signal ladder has a maintenance platform attached to it for officers to stand and work. We suspect that screws from the maintenance platform could have come off, causing it to bend towards the tracks,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Dhumal. \"It is the responsibility of the signal maintenance department to ensure that the maintenance platform is in place. They should conduct regular checks during mega-blocks.\"Railway officials said at 9.20am, Mumbai division's central control received information that a few passengers had fallen off some trains near signal pole number K-052. Several passengers sought first aid at Bhandup, Vikhroli and Ghatkopar stations. Railway officials visited the site and found two passengers died on the spot and one was grievously injured; he died in hospital later. Since no rail structure was found infringing the movement of trains in that stretch, initial investigation showed the freak incident was a result of extreme overcrowding.Meanwhile, several other passengers who had met with a similar accident, got down at Vikhroli and were rushed to Rajawadi Hospital, said Davis. His brother Dian recounted a familiar tale of apathy and red tape. \"At the hospital , doctors asked me to fill a form, reminding me of 'Munnabhai MBBS' where relatives of the injured are asked to fill up forms first.\" Anuj Dubey, who fractured his hand, said, \"I boarded the train at Kalyan around 8.25am. When the train passed the signal pole, something hit me.\"Rail compensationMukul Roy, Union minister for railways, has announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 2 lakh to the next of kin of the three deceased. An amount of Rs 500 for simple injuries and Rs 5000 for the grievously injured was announced. The Railways will also bear expenses of hospitalization of the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740977", "title": "Locals fume as girl dies after falling into manhole", "text": "GUWAHATI: Residents of the Uzanbazar locality in the city have threatened to protest against the death of Sagarika Bora, a Class VII student, who succumbed to her injuries on Wednesday after falling into an open manhole on the Phatik Chandra Road in Uzanbazar. The 14-year-old Sagarika, a student of St Mary's English School, had fallen into an open manhole at around 7pm on April 10. She was undergoing treatment from April 10 but died due to massive laceration of the liver.Voluntary organization Hitakalpa and Pragati Silpi Sangha on Thursday threatened to lock the office of the Kamrup (Metro) district administration or the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's Guwahati visit on Friday if the administration fails punish the culprits by Friday morning. \"We are giving a 24-hour deadline to the administration to take necessary measures to punish the culprits. If the administration fails to convince us by Friday morning, locals will lock the DC's office or the office of the GMC\", said Bani Bikram Sarma, president of Hitakalpa.Meanwhile, Kamrup (Metro) DC Ashutosh Agnihotri has instituted an enquiry to find out causes and circumstances which led to the incident. The two organizations demanded the administration to cover all the open manholes in Guwahati immediately and provide adequate compensation to the victim's family. \"The administration and municipal corporation show urgency only when someone dies after falling into manhole. The negligence of the administration and GMC has taken my daughter's life,\" said Sagarika's father Mantu Bora.Satyen Doloi, general secretary of Pragati Silpi Sangha criticised the concerned authorities for playing with the lives of the people. \"Immediately after the death of Upamoni Choudhury in 2003 after falling into open manhole chief minister Tarun Gogoi assured that all the open manholes in the city will be covered. The promise remains a promise. An innocent schoolgirl once again died after falling into an open manhole which is shameful\", Doloi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740086", "title": "Welcoming summer with barbecue, drinks and music", "text": "With the summer heat index set to reach a new high, one of the best remedies to beat the summer sun is the good old-fashioned pool party. And this is exactly what Lodhi Club members and their families planned. In the first pool party of the season, the members hosted a fun party complete with delicious barbecue snacks, unlimited drinks and music from the disc jockey.Amritpal Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, ''I really enjoyed the pool party with family and friends. It's good to get out of routine once in a while and let your hair down to have fun. The best part is that I returned home completely rejuvenated to take on another week of hectic schedule.''Sushant Malhotra, a resident of Model Town, said, ''The pool party was great fun and the highlight was unlimited snacks served by pool side. I got to unwind and spend some quality time with family.''Shivani Sharma, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, ''Me and my friends enjoyed swimming and water games. One of my friend even pushed me into the pool as I am afraid of water! All in all the pool party was great fun.'' Resident of Sukhmani Enclave, Sukhmanjeet Sidhu said, ''Having beer and tandori chicken on pool side, what more can a person ask for? It was a very relaxing party.''Paramjeet Kaur said, ''It was a perfect casual setting to be with family and friends. I even danced with my family to relax and enjoy.''Cultural secretary of the club, Pawan Garg said, ''The pool will be open for members from Thursday and the party was organized to announce this to the members. Everybody enjoyed a great deal and danced their hearts out to Bollywood numbers played by the DJ.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740396", "title": "Brokers handle most police verifications", "text": "The police verification process is a faceless exercise. Common, law-abiding citizens often find a personal police introduction so disconcerting they merely pay their real estate agents to forward their documents to the station house. In the 11-month rent agreement, brokers usually prepare dossiers and submit it to the local station house. However, with paying guests who don't have to stay for a stipulated period of time, the arrangement is more informal and police verification documents are usually not prepared.Police verification does not make it mandatory for the lessee or flat-owner to personally visit the police station. They must merely fill a form to provide basic data like their names, contact numbers, permanent address and the details of the apartment being rented. Contact details of guardians and employers are also sought. Additional due diligence includes seeking a copy of the rent agreement and the lessee's PAN card, but most times, these requirements are overlooked.\"Rather than make the rounds of a police station and explain my origins and employment details, I paid an additional Rs 1,000 and filled out the form in triplicate at my broker's office. One copy went to the police, another to the society and my agent kept the third,\" says Neha Agarwal from Haryana who recently arrived in Mumbai to work for a BPO. She submitted two references but two weeks after she settled into her new apartment , neither her employer nor her local guardian have received any phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738220", "title": "Marine institute promises action in ragging case", "text": "KOLKATA: The Marine Engineering and Research Institute (MERI) Kolkata, a unit of The Indian Maritime University, has promised action against those guilty of ragging the 19-year-old cadet of the institute. The victim landed in a hospital on Wednesday evening after he was allegedly slapped and punched by some seniors of the third-year batch as he could not endure the three-hour long physical exercise forced on him and his friends the same morning.\"The institute is strictly against ragging and the anti-ragging committee will definitely take stringent action if anyone is found guilty of ragging the cadet. But for that, we need to get a written complaint from his parents. We are waiting for it. The victim also needs to identify the accused,\" said MERI Kolkata deputy director KK Moulik.The victim's father PK Mishra has already lodged a complaint with the Taratala police station. But he could not communicate it to the institute because he was busy attending his son.\"Since my son is still in pain and trauma, I do not want to leave him alone in the hospital for long. Therefore I have not been able to lodge the formal complaint with the institute panel. I will definitely do that once he starts recovering. I do not want my son or any other student for the matter to go through such torture,\" said Mishra.At the hospital, the victim is still unable to open his jaw properly.He and some others from the same batch were pulled out of bed at 4am on Wednesday and made to do push-ups, crawls and other kind of physical movements for three hours. The victim had collapsed towards the end of the session. This infuriated the two seniors on command and the victim was punched and slapped as a punishment for failing the test.\"The boy is a little better but he still cannot open his mouth properly due to the injuries in the jaw. He has been referred to a dental surgeon for this problem. He is also severely traumatized for which he needs to undergo sessions of counselling,\" said PK Nemani of Calcutta Medical Research Institute (CMRI), where the boy is undergoing treatment.Meanwhile, some organizations on anti-ragging, too, got in touch with the victim. \"We are with the victim and have already got in touch with the father. Once we have the medical report we will follow it up with the institute also,\" said Kushal Banerjee of SAVE, an anti-ragging forum. The forum has reached out to many ragging victims after they lodged complaint through its anti-ragging website .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740751", "title": "One shot, 2 hurt in Tikamgarh", "text": "BHOPAL: One person was killed and two sustained bullet injuries in a dispute between two groups over sand mining from the dry bed of river Suknai at Mahaba Chakar village in Tikamgarh district.The deceased has been identified as Devendra Yadav. The injured, Ashish and Prahlad Yadav are being treated at the district hospital, the police said.Police said the accused, Murlidhar Yadav, Kirparan Yadav and ten others working for a local miner opened fire at victims over sand mining on the bed of river late on Wednesday night, the police said.Lithara police have registered a case against 12 persons on charges of murder and attempt to murder. No accused was arrested till the time of filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740163", "title": "Pragati express cancelled again", "text": "PUNE: The train service between Pune and Mumbai was restored partially on Thursday. The Mumbai-bound Pragati express was cancelled for the second consecutive day while other inter-city trains left Pune on time. Most long-distance trains coming from Mumbai reached the Pune station at least thirty minutes to one hour behind schedule.A major fire at the main signal cabin of Kurla station in Mumbai division on Tuesday night resulted in severe disruptions in rail network of the state capital. Two Mumbai bound trains---Sinhagad and pragati express were cancelled on Wednesday following an incident. It was expected that the train services would normalize by Thursday.An official from Pune railway division told TOI, \"The Pragati express was the only train cancelled on Thursday. Other intercity trains between Pune and Mumbai including Sinhagad, Deccan queen , Deccan express and Indrayani express left Pune station on time. Long-distance trains reached Pune station late. The local train traffic between Pune and Lonavla remained unaffected.\" The official said that it could take one more day for the situation to normalize.The delay in restoration work has forced several commuters on the Pune-Mumbai route to reschedule their plans. Suresh Rajan, a vendor at Pune station, said that comparatively less crowd was seen for Mumbai-bound trains on Thursday.Ashok Patke, a regular to Mumbai, said, \"Good to know that the railway administration did not cancel the Sinhagad express on Thursday, which is used by hundreds of daily commuters and office-goers to reach Mumbai.\" Another commuter, Sameer Kulkarni, said that since the traffic between Kalyan and Dadar has still not been restored, he will go to Mumbai only next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12739904", "title": "Open Gujarat Football tournament to be held in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Thirty one teams from across Gujarat will converge in the city, which is hosting Open Gujarat Football tournament beginning April 25. The tournament is being organized jointly by city police and city-based Jyoti CNC Automation Ltd. The tournament named 'Rajkot city police and Jyoti Open Gujarat Challenge Cup' will be held from April 25 to May 2.According to C J D'Souza, a former football coach of Sports Authority of Gujarat, this is the first such open Gujarat football tournament being held in the city after almost 20 years.\"Thirty one teams have already registered their participation. It will be a grand mega event to watch for. We are expecting more teams to take part,\" said D'Souza.D'Souza is coaching students at Saint Mary's High School in the city. \"A tournament brings out lot of good players. Only coaching does not serve the purpose. We are very excited about the event. The aim of the tournament is to make this game more popular. Players from the state should take part at the national level,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739911", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal refuses to apologize to Virbhadra Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday refused to apologize to Cabinet minister Virbhadra Singh arguing that he had only stated facts published in newspapers. Kejriwal instead asked Singh to apologize to the people of Himachal Pradesh and said that threatening him of a lawsuit would not help.Singh had demanded an apology and threatened to file a defamation suit against Kejriwal for naming him among the 14 ''corrupt'' Cabinet ministers in the UPA government. \"I have only presented the facts, there is nothing wrong. My conscience does not allow me to apologize with the fear of a defamation case against me. I do not think I have committed any mistake for which I should apologize. Rather you should say sorry to the people of Himachal Pradesh,\" Kejriwal wrote in a letter to Singh.Kejriwal added that Singh's name had cropped in several other scams and he should apologize to the public for this.\"You have also included my name in that list. However, it is evident that your information in this regard is sketchy and not correct,\" the minister had said in his letter.\"I, therefore, suggest that you tender an unconditional apology for maligning my name and leveling incorrect allegations, failing which I will be constrained to take legal action against you,\" Singh had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12738664", "title": "57th railway week celebrated in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The current fiscal would open the floodgates of profitability as everything is going in favour of the Trichy railway division, which never had it so good, divisional railway manager (DRM) A V Vaidiyalingam said on Thursday. Speaking on the occasion of the 57th Railway Week celebrations, he listed the recent developments that gave a boost to the division.Vaidiyalingam said that vacancies in the categories of group C and D were filled after a gap of five years, and it was coupled with the division bagging the Southern Railway general manager's inter division overall efficiency shield. It was a coincidence that more trackmen, gatekeepers and assistant stationmasters were added to the force within the division at a time when the 38km stretch Tiruvarur - Mayiladuthurai section was being opened for passenger traffic, he added.The DRM also gave away awards to a record number of 720 employees this year including 30 group awards, most of whom had put up a brave front in the face of the Thane cyclone and restored the services within a matter of 24 hours. The awardees included 23 officers and 560 staff in the group D and C categories. Last year, 570 employees were given the awards.Moreover, the track doubling between the crucial the Valadi - Kallakudi Palanganatham on the Vriddhachalam - Villupuram section had been completed and passenger traffic would commence soon, the DRM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738402", "title": "DMs directed to hold free &amp; fair civic polls", "text": "PATNA: The district administration is all set to hold a transparent, balanced and safe urban local body election in May. The state has altogether 114 urban local bodies which will be ceased to exist after May.Commissioner, Patna division, K P Ramaiyya directed the district magistrates (DMs) to ensure a safe civic poll next month. Presiding over a meeting with the top brass of the district administration on Thursday, Ramaiyya said, \"The civic polls should be free and fair. People should not fear of anything to elect their candidate.\"Total of 60 lakh voters will cast their franchise to choose a new civic body in the entire state.He also directed the district commissioners to make preparation to provide adequate drinking water ahead of the scorching heat. He also said people from the Mahadalit community should get all development and benefit they were promised on several occasions. The people entitled to below poverty level (BPL) cards should certainly be provided with Indira Awas.To ensure fair admission of the students of the Schedule Caste/Scheduled Tribes and other backward classes, the block divisional officers should make a list of such students along with photographs, Ramaiyya said.Ramaiyya said police officers of all police stations should cooperate with the SCs/STs and other backward classes. They should be denied lodging complaints at the normal police stations along with SC/ST police stations.Meanwhile, a social audit will commence for MGNREGA from May 1. The first phase of the social audit will take place in Patna, Nalanda, Bhojpur, Rohtas, Buxar and Kaimur. A special workshop for the officers will take place on April 28 for the respective officers, Ramaiyya said.Ramaiyya was overwhelmed with the performance of Tirhut and Munger MGNREGA audit conducted by Munger DC Raju. He also added that the social audit should be carried on simultaneously in the backward class areas and for the general people.The meeting was attended by Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh, besides his counterparts from Nalanda, Buxar, and Rohtas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739176", "title": "Encroachments along rivers must go: Shivpal", "text": "NOIDA: Farmhouses and other illegal buildings on the Yamuna and Hindon floodplains will have to go. On Thursday, public works and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav directed the Gautam Budh Nagar district officials to immediately take stock of all such encroachments and clear the land.On a visit to Noida, Yadav met the DM and the SSP and stressed on action against encroachers. Yadav said penal action will be taken against all violations of land use laws in these areas. Nearly 4,000 acres of land on the floodplains has been occupied illegally, much of it very close to the river's course. \"I have directed the DM and the SSP to conduct inspection of the affected sites and submit a report, immediately. They have been told to demolish all illegal structures and take action without sparing anyone found to be violating the land use norms,\" the minister said.The DM confirmed receiving the instructions and said the survey will begin on Friday and a report would be submitted within a few days. \"We will conduct the survey in coordination with the police and the Noida and Greater Noida Authorities. Once we have a report, we will chart out a roadmap for clearing the area,\" said the DM, Dr MKS Sundaram.The minister also took stock of administrative works across the district. He instructed officials to speed up works in a transparent manner. He suspended five officials of the irrigation department for duty. Yadav, who is Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's younger brother, was categorical about not sparing anybody.\" If misappropriation of public money is detected, strict action will follow against those found guilty - whether bureaucrats, ministers or anybody else.\"Expressing concern over the Yamuna's dipping water level, the minister issued directions for cleaning up the river and its choked canals. \"Canals are supposed to stock water for up to a week. But because they are clogged, they have water for only two hours,\" Yadav said. \"The aim is to clean them twice a year, in May/June and again in October.\"Officials were told not to wait for the monsoon to start preparing for floods. \"We will be ready by June 15,\" Yadav said, \"The next two months will be used to strengthen river banks, set up sand bags and treat the riverbed.\"Asked about the Ganga and Yamuna expressways, he said the projects were on track and in the process of being reviewed. \"These are projects for the benefit of the people and would be expedited,\" he said. Regarding Dalit Prerna Sthal, he said expenditure on the park was being audited and if \"bungling is found in the accounts, the guilty will not be spared\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739413", "title": "Soon, each college to have external exam conductor", "text": "MUMBAI: The board of examinations (BoE) at the University of Mumbai decided to revamp its examination supervision machinery on Thursday.Every college will now have an external exam conductor, flying squads have been abolished and a panel of observers will be set up for each exam. The panel will visit any college where an exam is on, to check for malpractices. Three weeks after the TYBCom Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM) paper was leaked from a Bhiwandi college, university officials realized that keeping a close watch on its examination process was critical. The count of affiliated colleges has gone up and it has forced the university to deliver question papers a day before the exam; equally critical is the concern that the posts of several college principals (who act as chief exam conductors) are vacant and are often temporarily held by an unapproved faculty. \"We will have a joint chief conductor, who will be an external faculty from a neighbouring college of that cluster,\" said pro-VC Naresh Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739012", "title": "Freedom fighter Tatya Tope's statue unveiled", "text": "MUMBAI: A statue of Tatya Tope, the warrior who is credited with initiating the first war of independence in 1857, was unveiled in his home town of Yeola on Wednesday.The statue has been jointly installed by the Yeola municipal council and the public works department of the state government. Municipal council president Rajashree Pahilwan, Nashik zilla parishad chief Jayashree Pawar, Nashik district guardian minister and local MLA Chhagan Bhujbal paid rich tributes to the freedom fighter.Speaking at the unveiling, Bhujbal said that it was difficult to imagine India's freedom struggle without Tatya Tope and that the statue would inspire people forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738286", "title": "'SP govt came to power in wake of rampant corruption under BSP rule'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Convenor, Allahabad Moharrum Jhoola Committee, has flayed the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Ahmad Bukhari for only working towards the interest of his family members and claiming to be the mentor of Samajwadi Party which is against the wishes of Allah.Issuing a statement on Tuesday, the convenor, Ghulam Rasool said that Bukhari should be reminded of the fact that his late father Maulana Abdullah Buikhari had also joined hands with the then chief minister of UP, Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna alongwith Janata Party and BJP leaders to start a campaign against the Congress party which led to it's ouster from power at the Centre.At that time also Bukhari's father had claimed credit for removal of Congress government at the centre and installation of Janata Party government.Stating that nobody except the mighty Allah has the power to make or break things , Rasool said that the Samajwadi Party (SP) government in the state has come to power in the wake of rampant corruption under BSP rule and presence of some traitors in the Congress party. He urged Bukhari to stop working towards he interest of his family members and refrain from blackmailing poor Muslims to achieve his own selfish motive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738848", "title": "HC reserves order on pleas against mayor election", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday reserved its verdict on a batch of public interest petitions questioning the legality of the election of Chennai mayor and councillors in the civic polls held on October 17 last year. The court has permitted the mayor and councillors to assume office only after making it clear that their continuation in the posts would be subject to the outcome of these PILs.On Thursday, a division bench comprising Justices D Murugesan and K K Sasidharan reserved the orders. P Wilson, senior counsel for petitioner, has urged the court to frame a set of guidelines making webcasting and videographing of civic body polls mandatory in the state.Days before the elections last year, advocates and representatives of candidates approached the court apprehending violence and bogus voting by the ruling partymen. On October 14, 2011, the bench asked the authorities to videograph all polling booths in the city and sensitive booths in the state. If possible, webcasting too was to be done.On October 17 last, when the polling was still on, advocates of parties and candidates moved the court claiming that court orders had not been complied with. The court allowed counting and declaration of results with a condition that the election certificates carry a caution that their elections were subject to the outcome of the PILs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738456", "title": "Math exam: Four marks for attempting question", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education at its executive council meeting held this week has finally resolved the issue of 'errors' in the Class X math question papers.The board's executive council has reached a conclusion that the question which weighed three marks, suspected to be out of syllabus, was within the prescribed portion. \"The question carrying three marks, we discovered, is a very easy one to solve. It can be solved in one method which is out of the syllabus, but there are two more methods of solving it that are very much as per the syllabus,\" an official of the board said.The executive council has decided not to allot the three marks to all the Class X students. But in case of the other question, which students had complained contained a printing mistake, the four marks it carried will be allotted only to those students who have attempted it correctly.\"The question carrying four marks is a statistical one. The examiners have been told that if the method the student used to solve the first two steps is correct, then the four marks should be allotted,\" the board official said. Members of two committees of the board were disputing if students should or should not be allotted marks for the two questions, which carried seven marks in total.The board of studies and scrutiny committee had met earlier this week to decide whether or not there was an error in the Class X math question paper held on March 9. The executive council of the board met shortly after to take the discussion forward and finally put an end to the long-drawn debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740752", "title": "Social evils take centrestage", "text": "MYSORE: The weekend theatre festival is going to be like edutainment. Avishkar Pragatipara Samskrutika Vedike is treating Mysoreans to plays which speak about social evils.The second edition of 'Bayalu Natakotsava' (open-air theatre festival) at Jawaregowda Park in Saraswathipuram on Saturday and Sunday will feature five plays, of which one is a street play. The festival is aimed at creating awareness on challenges that the society is facing using theatre as the medium. The second edition of Natakotsava is shedding light on crises in the society, especially keeping the youths in view. \"Youths are facing crises due to a corrupt political set-up. Incidents of crime involving youngsters are on the rise, indicating danger. We should read them carefully and act,\" says Chandrashekar of Avishkar. Sometimes society doesn't really get to understand the implications until such time they are dissected, he added, explaining the reason for hosting the festival.The cultural organization has produced plays as a means to create awareness on \"what it is fighting for and fighting against\". One of the plays lined up at the festival will highlight the plight of the farming community, social evils like female foeticide and fight against acquisition of arable farmland. Avishkar has experimented to convey complex issues through yakshagana too. The festival will stage children's play 'Kailasammoo Polikittinoo', a production of Banglore-based Makkala Mantapa. The highlight of the festival is 'Shwana Dala' (dog squad), which will talk about corruption that has become all pervasive. Tumkur's Danuruga Theatre Resource Centre is explaining the ill-effects of corruption through 'Shwana Dala' (directed by Devaraj Melehalli). Avishkar's street play 'Bharatha Khanda Darshana' is woven around farmers' suicide and 'lopsided educational policies' of the government. AIDSO, AIMSS and AIDYO are assisting Avishkar in the two-day festival. In the last edition, 'Vishwasundari Kathe' had highlighted the reality of winners of beauty pageants.Vasundhara Performing Arts Centre will organize 'Natarajotsava', a three-day national-level classical and music festival of male dancers, at Jaganmohan Palace from April 21. Forty artistes from across India would participate in the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739431", "title": "Homemakers have it tough", "text": "BANGALORE: Until recently, all Sharadha Vijay needed was Rs 100 to buy a bagful of vegetables for her family of four. Now, this resident of Malleswaram can barely pick up one quarter of that quantity, thanks to the steep hike in vegetable and fruit prices.With escalating prices, Bangaloreans are clearly reeling under the effects of severe inflation. \"The same money doesn't get me even quarter of the vegetables I'd buy earlier. The prices, particularly of bhindi and French beans have skyrocketed and though my family loves the former, I can buy it only once in a week now,\" said Sharadha. Homemakers have drastically cut down on veggies they buy and are looking at alternatives.Homemakers said they now ensure take home the very minimum quantity. \"The average prices of most vegetables have gone up by 30%. The sad part is that salaries don't go up, so everyone is feeling the pinch,\" she added.Sumathy Nagendra of Basavanagudi has a tough task. \"We're a family of six and our daily requirement is anywhere between 2kg and 2.5kg of veggies every day. As it's summer, we want to buy more fruits but given the steep prices, it's a challenge to manage household expenses,\" she said. Unlike in the past when she went out to buy fruits and veggies five times a week, she now goes only thrice.People have resorted to buying veggies from a variety of sources to cut down the monthly expenses. \"For me, it's is a fair mix of pushcart, supermarket and farmers' produce that I take home. Also, we throw in a lot of pulses in our daily meals and that gives me more options,\" said Vidya Vasudevan, homemaker and mother of two.For Surekha Reys, a resident of Whitefield, the problem would have been less severe if there was no water scarcity. \"I grew vegetables in our backyard but given the water scarcity, it's not possible anymore. I'm now totally dependent on the nearest supermarket for my daily requirements. On an average, I need Rs 500 to buy a basic combination of milk, curd, vegetables and fruits daily,\" said Surekha, a mother of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739949", "title": "Denying sex a ground for divorce: Karnataka HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Denying sex to husband without any specific reason is cruelty and ground for divorce, the Karnataka high court has ruled.Rejecting a woman's appeal seeking to set aside a decree of divorce granted by the family court, the court observed recently: \"The husband can't be made to suffer for no fault of his and be deprived of his natural urge to enjoy sexual happiness if the wife is unwilling to share the bed and discharge her duties.\"The wife had moved the high court, challenging the family court's order of 2009. The Mysore-based couple got married in 2006, but the wife never shared the bed with the husband. Though counselled by doctors at Nimhans and a private hospital in Mysore, she did not show any improvement.A division bench comprising Justices K L Manjunath and K Govindarajulu said: \"When the marriage is not consummated for more than six years, no court can direct the husband to join his wife and live without conjugal happiness for the rest of his life. Even if the wife had any medical problem, she was required to provide evidence to the court and prove she was ready to discharge her duties as a wife. But she has made no such efforts. Therefore, for no fault of the husband, he can't be made to suffer depriving of his natural urge to enjoy the sexual happiness.\" The court upheld the divorce granted by a family court in Mysore.The 20-page judgment noted that the wife was not illiterate and was, in fact, a postgraduate. She could have produced the medical records if she had any problems, it said.The husband moved the family court in 2009, three years after the marriage, seeking divorce under Section 19 of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, on the grounds of cruelty as his wife refused to share bed with him. The divorce was granted in 2010.He told the court that he tried his best to improve the relationship by taking his wife to a psychiatrist and a gynaecologist in a private hospital in Mysore as well as in Nimhans. The wife, in her defence, argued that she had never declined to share bed with her husband and their marriage had been consummated. During cross-examination in the family court, she had agreed that the marriage was not consummated.\"The husband can't be made to suffer for no fault of his and be deprived of his natural urge to enjoy sexual happiness if the wife is unwilling to share the bed and discharge her duties.\"- Karnataka high court", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739148", "title": "Gujjar leader Bainsla threatens to launch agitation yet again", "text": "JAIPUR: Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla along with other community leaders staged a dharna at the Civil Lines residence of energy and PHED minister Jitendra Singh on Thursday morning to demand an \"on-the-spot answer\" on the community's quota demand.Bainsla went on to declare that the Gujjar youths were 'getting impatient' signaling of a \"Naxalite-like situation\" in the state.It was only after repeated requests by the minister that chief minister Ashok Gehlot be granted \"some more time\" to resolve the matter that Bainsla ended his sit-in by late afternoon. Bainsla, however, said he and his supporters would return on May 2 for a \"final response\" from the government. The Gujjar leader said the community would launch an agitation if the government did not tell the exact date from when the quota in government jobs and educational institutes would come into force.Bainsla and other Gujjar leaders marched into the energy minister's bungalow early on Thursday when Singh was about to leave to attend the assembly.\"A few people had been told about the plan of staging a sit-in at the minister's bungalow. It was to ensure that Singh who has been playing the role of mediator between the state government and the Gujjars for three years is taken by surprise,\" a senior Gujjar leader told TOI. Singh also belongs to the Gujjar community.In the morning, the minister promised the Gujjar leaders to get back to them in an hour with \"some solution\". However, he came back only around 4 pm. Sitting crossed legged on his bungalow lawns with Bainsla and other Gujjar leaders, Singh pleaded for more time for the government. The minister reasoned that the issue was pending with the OBC commission.\"I will quit if the community wants me to. I am ready to pack my begs and leave the bungalow with my wife any time to join the community's agitation. But I am trying to do my best by remaining in the government,\" said Singh.However, Gujjar leaders accused the government of adopting a delaying tactics. \"We are being fooled by the government. Nothing has been done in all these years. The quantified data survey has been complemented, then why is there a delay in providing the remaining 4% quota to the community. We are least bothered with the administrative formalities. We want an answer whether we are getting the reservation or not,\" said Bainsla.Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti spokesperson Himmat Singh said, \"We have had enough excuses from the government. If we are not given a definite answer by May 2, the community will begin its agitation. Since the crops have been harvested, the community men are ready for the fight again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739191", "title": "Cloudy skies make Amdavadis sunny", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Clouds eclipsed the sun, giving Amdavadis a perfect retreat from the sizzling heat on Thursday. In April, temperatures normally remain high, hovering over 40 degrees and above. However, on Thursday, the city recorded 37.4 degrees maximum temperature which was a degree below normal.Weather officials said that it rained in Naliya of Kutch district on Thursday. The desert town recorded 2.5 mm rainfall. Light to moderate rain or thundershowers will occur at isolated places across all the districts of the state on Friday, weather officials predicted.The cloudy weather and light rains that took the sting out of peak summer heat is due to influence of the Western Disturbance lying over north Pakistan and adjoining areas. Due to this, there is an upper air cyclonic circulation over Rajasthan and adjoining areas.\"Under this influence, cloudy weather is witnessed all over the state. In some parts like Naliya and isolated places in Kutch, light rains were reported. This weather will continue till Friday. The skies are expected to clear by Saturday,\" a meteorologist of Indian Meteorological Department, Gujarat, said.In all the districts, the temperature dipped below 40 degrees. In Naliya, the temperature dipped to 31 degrees.Meanwhile, Amdavadis were happy experiencing a pleasant weather right in the middle of the peak summer season. \"It feels pleasant to experience such great weather. It feels as if I am in Bangalore or Pune,\" said Smita Shah who had installed air-conditioner in her sitting room fearing extremely hot weather. However, so far there has been only one heat wave in the city.\"Weather in the city is very pleasant which is a great relief especially for my brother and sister-in-law who have come from abroad,\" said Chitra Desai, a resident of Vastrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741064", "title": "Cops arrest shelter home's owner", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after rescuing 57 destitute children from an unauthorized shelter home in Chandrasekharpur area, police on Thursday arrested its founder for allegedly flouting the juvenile justice act. The destitute home has been sealed by the women and child development department.Police and child welfare committee (CWC) officials on Wednesday raided the destitute ashram at Damana area following allegations that it was being run without requisite credentials. \"The 13-year-old ashram did not obtain permission from the department for functioning. Children, including 13 girls and three orphans were served substandard food,\" CWC member Benudhar Senapati said.Sources said the ashram's secretary is wife of a bureaucrat. Senapati denied the children were subjected to physical or mental torture. At present, the children have been temporarily accommodated in a government-recognized children's home in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738547", "title": "Sabarimala Pollution: HC directs eco-friendly measures", "text": "KOCHI: Machines developed by Central Coir Research Institute (CRRI) to convert husks from tender coconuts that pile up along Sabarimala trekking path, into usable coconut fibre should be deployed along with eco-friendly tender coconut disposing units, the Kerala High Court has ordered. The directive was given by division bench of justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and justice CT Ravikumar while considering petitions by coconut vendors, who challenged a ban on selling tender coconuts citing pollution due to piling up of coconut husks.Mobile fibre extraction machine, also known as 'Swarna', was developed by a CRRI team led by Dr US Sharma and had won the gold medal for best inventor at World Intellectual Property Organization's conference in 2010.Unlike the traditional coconut fibre making process that requires many days and causes pollution, the machine separates pith and fibre directly from coconut husk. A CRRI team had demonstrated the machine's capability to address the pollution at Sabarimala to the division bench and counsels of Travancore Devaswom Board and pollution control board.Based on the demonstration, the court directed for installation of the machines at Sabarimala, along with eco-friendly tender coconut vending machines at Erumely, Azhutha, Valiyanavattom, and Cheriyanavattom.Additionally, the coconut vending machines should be set up near the cardiac centre at Appachimedu and Neelimala, the court directed, along with the observation that usage of drinking water in plastic bottles is not a remedy to the severe ecological pollution witnessed every year during pilgrimage season.Kochi: Machines developed by Central Coir Research Institute (CRRI) to convert husks from tender coconuts that pile up along the trekking path to Sabarimala into usable coconut fibre should be deployed along with eco-friendly tender coconut disposing units, the Kerala High Court has ordered.The direction was given by division bench of Justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and Justice CT Ravikumar while considering petitions by coconut vendors who challenged a ban on selling tender coconuts citing pollution due to piling up of coconut husks.Mobile Fibre Extraction Machine, also known as SWARNA, was developed by a CRRI team led by Dr US Sharma and had won the gold medal for best inventor at World Intellectual Property Organization's conference in 2010. Unlike the traditional coconut fibre making process that requires many days and causes pollution, the machine separates pith and fibre directly from coconut husk.A CRRI team had demonstrated the machine's capability to address the pollution caused by husks of tender coconuts at Sabarimala to the division bench and counsels of Travancore Devaswom Board and Pollution Control Board.Based on the demonstration, the court directed for installation of the machines at Sabarimala, along with ordering that eco-friendly tender coconut vending machines be installed along the trekking path to Sabarimala at Erumely, Azhutha, Valiyanavattom, and Cheriyanavattom.Additionally, the coconut vending machines should be set up near the cardiac centre at Appachimedu and Neelimala, the court directed, along with observing that usage of drinking water in plastic bottles is not a remedy to the severe ecological pollution witnessed every year during pilgrimage season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740891", "title": "Hopes of tracing kidnapped Mumbai woman dashed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hopes of the Chandigarh police to trace the kidnapped Mumbai woman, Pushpa, through her recently activated email ID and Facebook account were dashed when cops learnt that her husband Parbhakar Singh was operating her ID and account in Mumbai.A team of Chandigarh police, which was dispatched to Mumbai after learning about the activation of the woman's Facebook account and mail ID, returned empty-handed from Mumbai. The team that was headed by sub-inspector (SI) Rajeev Kumar returned on April 17.Pushpa Singh was allegedly kidnapped from Chandigarh in January, 2011 and since then she has been untraceable. Police sources said Parbhakar told police personnel that he had operated the mail ID and facebook account of his wife as he was unaware that these accounts were under the surveillance of the police.Though the city police had arrested two suspects, Shyam Sood and Mohammed Farooq Khan, in this regard, they failed to trace the girl following their interrogation and disclosure statements. Police also found that the accused had arranged a room for the girl in Jimmy International Hotel in Sector 22 and one of the suspects, Farooq Khan, reportedly confessed that he had an altercation with the girl, following which he had destroyed her cell phone.However, when the Chandigarh police failed to trace the girl, the husband of the victim, Parbhakar Singh, approached Punjab and Haryana high court following which a special investigation team ( SIT) under the supervision of SP Rajinder Singh Ghumman was formed to trace the girl.A case of kidnapping was registered at the police station in Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738497", "title": "TRS, BJP vying for Telangana employees\u2019 support", "text": "HYDERABAD: An intense campaign has been undertaken by both the Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) - the two key affiliates of the Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) - over the last couple of weeks to woo employee JAC leaders.The recent bypoll setback in Mahbubnagar came as something of an eye-opener for the TRS which has now substantially strengthened its liaison with office-bearers of the 28 T-JAC affiliates. Party sources said they could ill-afford to keep employee JAC members or their affiliates out of the loop while taking crucial decisions on the separate statehood movement.A T-JAC source said that TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and his core team, which used to rely on only a handful of T-JAC leaders, have realized the necessity of taking even the second-rung employee leaders along with them on every decision after they were found to be leaning towards BJP.The first signs of unease between TRS and T-JAC came to the fore in January when some affiliates of the latter foiled KCR's gameplan to kick-start, following Sankranthi, another round of 'Sakala Janula Samme' with the active support of government employees.That plan met with stiff resistance from employees - mostly teachers and RTC workers, most of whom were of the view that they had achieved little through two rounds of strike, the 42-day Sakala Janula Samme included.The TRS chief has been wooing government employees with assurances such as a month's salary to them as increment, salary compensation for the strike period with interest and pay packages on a par with central government employees' in the state. That apart, he has also promised MLA, MLC and MP tickets to employee leaders, cancellation of controversial appointments made during the recent round of APPSC recruitments and scrapping of GO 177 which enforces the 'no work no pay' rule.Employees' JAC sources said that ever since BJP won the Mahabubnagar seat, more T-JAC affiliates were keen on reviewing their earlier stand of unconditional support to TRS. More so because it is a regional party which is seen as being of little help at the national level vis-a-vis the separate statehood movement.Meanwhile, top employees' JAC leaders, who did not wish to be quoted, said they would continue to maintain equal rapport with all political parties who have been fighting for the Telangana cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740918", "title": "Several roads closed for Prime Minister's visit", "text": "GUWAHATI: Vehicles will be barred from some of the city's busiest roads during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Guwahati on Friday with traffic police regulating movement of vehicles from 11am onwards for the PM's convoy.Dr B Barooah Road and B K Kakoti Road will be closed from 11am to 11:50am and commuters will have to use alternative routes to reach their destinations. Entry to G S Road from Sixmile and Survey-Beltola area will also be closed and drivers will have to use Dr R P Road from 11:50 am to 1:00pm.The entire stretch from LGBI Airport via National Highway 37 and PWD road to Khanapara rotary via Garal, D G Road (Jalukbari to Bharalumukh), M G Road (Bharalumukh to Raj Bhawan), A T Road (from Panbazar ROB to Bharalumukh), KLB Road, GNB Road, Dr B Barooah Road, BK Kakoti Road and A K Azad Road have been declared as no parking zones from 11 am on Friday. No goods carrying vehicles and heavy passenger vehicles will be allowed on Dr B Barooah Road.During the aforementioned time, vehicles coming from Chandmari side to Ulubari via TC point and Dr B Barooah Road will be diverted towards RBI via GNB Road and all vehicles coming from Ambari side to Ulubari via TC Point and Dr B Barooah Road will be diverted towards Chandmari, via GNB Road and Rajgarh Road.Vehicles coming from Sixmile side towards Paltanbazar or Chandmari will be regulated at Supermarket point and diverted through Sixty Feet Road and RP Road temporarily from 11.30am. Similarly, vehicles coming from Zoo Road will be regulated at Ganeshguri point and diverted to RP Road or Hengrabari Road and Sarumotoria Road or Express Highway from 11:30am. No inter-district buses will not be allowed to enter into the city through Jalukbari Rotary and instead be diverted to ISBT.The vehicles of invites to the platinum jubilee celebration will be allowed to park at GMDA parking, open space near GMDA parking, Tea Auction Centre, NeDFI House, place near NABARD and Shankar Academy campus. Vehicles of invitees to Dr B Barooah Cancer Institute shall be allowed to park on the field near Guest house and beyond Birubari Tiniali point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12739769", "title": "Brain dead Reliance Industries Ltd executive\u2019s organs donated to 3 people", "text": "SURAT: Ashok Chandmal Jain (63), vice-president (accounts and finance) at Reliance Industries Ltd in Mumbai, has given a new lease of life to three persons. His organs were donated after he was declared brain dead by doctors at Surat's Mahavir Trauma Hospital on Wednesday.Sources said Jain had left Mumbai on April 13 along with his family members on a religious tour to temples in Surat district's Bardoli taluka and Navsari district. After visiting temples, the family decided to meet their relative in Surat.Jain, however, suffered a brain stroke on the morning of April 14. He was immediately rushed to Mahavir Trauma Hospital on Athwalines. After four days of treatment, neuro physicians and neurologists in the hospital declared him brain-dead on April 18.Family members of Jain were aware about organ donation and with intervention of India Renal Foundation's (IRF) senor advisor Nilesh Mandlewala, the RIL executive's eyes, kidneys and liver were donated to three patients in Gujarat and Delhi.Mandlewala said, \"Family members of Ashok Jain readily agreed to save the lives of other persons by donating the precious organs of their father. One kidney has been transplanted in a daily wager Ramesh Chotalia (40) from Ahmedabad. The other one has been given to a retired IAS officer from Delhi Arun Sinha. The liver was donated to Prakash Thakkar (37) of Kutch district.\"Mandlewala said about 141 people have received donations of about 70 kidneys, 18 livers, 66 eyes from brain dead people in south Gujarat till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738557", "title": "Account hacking: 2 arrested from Hyderabad", "text": "KOCHI: A Nigerian-led international online racket involving private sector bank officials and telecom operators was busted by the Kochi City police after they arrested two persons from Hyderabad. The two were arrested in connection with the cybercrime in which the online account of a doctor in the city was hacked and Rs 11.14 lakhs siphoned off.Dr Shabeer Khan's online account was hacked on March 30 by the racketeers. Nine police teams were formed to trace the perpetrators of the crime. The case was supervised by Ernakulam Range inspector general K Padmakumar, city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar , assistant commissioner Sunil Jacob and circle inspector D S Suneesh Babu.The Home Department has announced reward for the police officials who successfully tracked down the accused.Of the four accused identified in the case, police were able to nab two: Hamid alias Mirza Jaffar Baig, 28, of Agapura Nampally in Hyderabad, and Sheik Rahan Ali, 34, of Chanjun Guda in Hyderabad.A manhunt has been launched to nab the other two accused, Muhammed Ali, 28, and Atha ur Rahman, 32, of Hyderabad.IG Padmakumar said the accused worked for a Nigerian, Felix Ivdubuisi Egedigave alias David, 32, who is currently in a Kolkata jail in connection with a similar case.\"The cyber wing of the Kerala police found that the accused used the phone which had earlier been used by Felix, who had trained and appointed operatives across the country for committing the fraud. We have clear leads on the support given to the racket by bank insiders and telecom operators,\" the IG said.He said it was with the support of officials in the telecom company that the accused got the duplicate SIM card of the doctor from a mobile store in Hyderabad. The doctor had a mobile connection in Kerala.Padmakumar said the accused had withdrawn the amount from 90 ATMs across the country after transferring the money to 20 bank accounts of three private sector banks in different states and cities including Secunderabad and Kolkata.\"We will alert the national (crime detection) agencies, which will widen the nature of the probe into this case,\" he said.\"There have been similar cases registered in other states. We will file an application before the appropriate court to get the Nigerian in custody. He's said to be an agent of an international online hacking racket operating in India,\" ACP Sunil Jacob said.The accused had taken the duplicate SIM card to get the pin number that will be sent by a bank to transfer the money from the account.How the fraudsters siphoned off the money?On March 30, mobile number of the victim went dead.The fraudsters availed a duplicate SIM from the telecom operator in Hyderabad and activated it to get the PIN number, which the bank's system sends to customers for enabling online transaction.They then entered the online account of the victim after cracking the three-level online security of the bank -- profile password, transaction password and mobile password.They transferred the money to 20 accounts in various branches of banks across in the country.Withdrew the money from the said accounts on March 30 itself.How police tracked the accused?Police trace the accounts used by fraudsters to transfer money from the victim's account.Interrogate one Sahib Muhammed Khan of Secunderabad whose account was used by fraudsters. Khan was working in a private firm and the said account was his salary account opened by the firm.Khan reveals to police that Atha ur Rahman, who was his team leader in the firm, clandestinely accessed his account details and ATM card. Rahman later hands over the details to Mirza Jaffar Baig.Police nab Baig, who discloses the details of Sheik Rahan Ali.It was Sheik Rahan Ali and Baig who withdrew Rs 1.85 lakh using the ATM card", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739815", "title": "Government starts 24x7 call centre to monitor healthcare services", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt to inject a dose of vitality into the ailing health system in the state and streamline the health care system, the government has decided to start a toll free number to get a direct feedback of the prevailing mess from the public. All one needs is to dial a toll free number 1800-180-5145 and register a complaint.The number has been allotted to the control room at the state health directorate, which was inaugurated by the minister Ahmad Hasan on Thursday. \"This is the first step to development of a robust feedback mechanism that ensures quality in health care services,\" the minister told TOI. He informed that the information gathered at the call centre will be assessed on a weekly basis. The head of the unit has been directed to present a status report to the government every Friday.Complaints will be registered in 14 specific categories and one open category. These are: denial of admission or problems being faced during admission, problems relating to pathological or diagnostic tests, availability of medicines, diagnostic equipments not working, unavailability of doctors, doctors telling a patient to buy medicines from market, patient attendants being forced to pay fee higher than the stipulated price, non-payment of receipts for service availed, problems relating to Janani Suraksha Yojana, sterilisation, routine immunisation, national programmes, construction works, sex determination and any other. The officials informed that later on, similar service will be set up at the district level.The call centre will also be used by chief medical officers, chief medical superintendents' in the state to inform the department on following heads. Firstly, if any medical equipment in their district stays out of order for more than 24 hours, the information must be registered at the call centre.Secondly, officials must inform the authorities if fund allocated for Janani Suraksha Yojana gets depleted. Thirdly, in case a mother or new born dying during labour, the call centre must be informed and lastly, information related to rounds of immunisations held on every Wednesday and Saturday should be provided to the call centre.In another development, a proposal under National Rural Health Mission has been sent to the Union health ministry. Under this, a functional call centre at the NRHM office may be provided with voice recording facility, so that the scope of manual ignorance may be restricted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739825", "title": "I was beaten by Samajwadi Party leader: Ex-ADG", "text": "LUCKNOW: A former ADG, who is facing charges of corruption, lodged a complaint with the police on Thursday alleging that he was robbed of his cash, forced to sign cheques for Rs 30 lakh and beaten by Samajwadi Party leaders at the party office when he had gone to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. The incident, according to Singh, took place on April 17.However, the SP leaders called the allegations as baseless and connected the ex-ADG's complaint with an old corruption case lodged against him in 2006 at Hazratganj police station.Former ADG Ajay Singh had gone to meet CM at SP office on April 17 when he was encountered by SP leader Shiv Prasad Paliwaal of Agra, his son Sonu and aide Arif. The trio beat Singh up and took him to his Viram Khand house, where they forced him to sign three cheques for Rs 10 lakh each and a stamp paper saying that he was giving them the cheques on his own. tnnTalking to TOI, station officer Gautam Palli, Om Hare, confirmed receiving the complaint. However, the FIR would be lodged only after the matter was investigated. The police said that prima facie it looks to be a false case.Later talking to TOI, Shiv Prasad Paaliwal said: \"I am 82-year-old man and not able to walk properly, how I will beat someone.\" He said that the former ADG had in fact duped him of Rs 26 lakh., which was taken by him as guarantee. Elaborating, Paaliwal said it was 2006, when as ADG Food Cell, Ajay Singh got published an advertisement about vacancy for constable at Food Cell.Several candidates from Paaliwal's native place also applied. As a native of the village, Singh met Paaliwal and asked him to pay a guarantee of Rs 26 lakh.However, later during a meeting with the then Food Commissioner, Paaliwal found that the advertisement was illegal, as he was not authorised to do so. He started asking for money. However, Singh refused to pay.Later, Paaliwal through Ramnath Singh Yadav got an FIR registered against Singh at Hazratganj police station in 2006. The investigation officer then filed a chargesheet indicting Singh, Paaliwal said.It is to take revenge for the same and to create undue pressure so that he doesn't ask for his money that Singh has concocted the story was trying to get an FIR registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739425", "title": "Waiting for 12th Five-Year Plan, Delhi postpones budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhites will now have to wait for their budget for a month more. Considering the likelihood of Centre finalizing the 12th Five Year Plan for the capital soon, the Delhi government has postponed its budget session to May-end. Earlier the budget session, which was put on hold in view of municipal elections, was slated for April -end.\"We thought it would be wise to wait for the 12th Five Year Plan as it is likely to come out soon. Let us see what center has for us and then plan the Delhi budget accordingly,\" said chief secretary P K Tripathi. Tripathi had come for the launch of a satirical book on apolitical satires authored by Sat Pal, government's information officer.The government has deferred the budget session as it would first want the three newly-formed municipal corporations to settle down, Tripathi said. \"We can wait till May end as we have already passed the vote-on-account wherein we declared the budget until June,\" said Tripathi.In March, the government had held a day's session to pass vote of account (a kind of preliminary budget) of Rs 7742.05 crore for the first three months till a regular budget is passed after the MCD elections. The Budget estimates for the total expenditure during the year 2012-2013 is Rs 30,970 crore .The vote-on-account had included plan outlay of Rs 15,000 crore, approved by the planning commission, Rs 15,811 crore as non-plan spending and Rs 159 crore of centrally sponsored schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741174", "title": "Teachers' ability test after matric: Jena", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Board of Secondary Education (BSE) will conduct the state's first teachers' eligibility test (TET) to fill up these vacancies after the annual high school certificate examination is over, school and mass education minister Pratap Jena told TOI on Thursday.Though the government had published district-wise advertisements for direct recruitment of siksha sahayaks (SS), a category of primary teachers whose jobs become regular in six years on the basis of career evaluation, the government later changed its mind. \"There will be no direct recruitment. As per the central government guidelines, we will conduct the TET,\" Jena said.The school and mass education department has asked the respective districts to keep the recruitment process on hold though most of the districts had already prepared merit lists of SS. \"We were ready with the merit list on the basis of career marking. But the matter was kept in abeyance. There is no final word on whether the list will be scrapped altogether,\" said a Bargarh district official where around 600 SS would be recruited.The minister said the government will consider the same applicants who have already applied responding to the advertisements in December and January for the first TET. Notably, around 1 lakh applicants have applied for the posts.Other modalities are being worked out for the examination. The pattern of question papers will be decided in consultation with the BSE, Jena added.Sources said the government is contemplating district-wise recruitment on the basis of the statewide merit list. \"Deliberations are on. A final decision on all the aspects would be taken out soon,\" a senior government officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12742500", "title": "iPhone 5 may debut in October: Analyst", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc's next iPhone is likely to be introduced in October and will feature a new body design and work with faster wireless networks, according to Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos who had expected an August release for the top-selling smartphone.In a note, Munster wrote that October is more probable after chipmaker Qualcomm Inc announced it is having trouble meeting demand for components that the analyst expects to be included in a new iPhone. The supply constraints, along with Verizon Wireless reporting a drop in iPhone sales, contributed to a 3.4 per cent decline in Apple shares today.The iPhone is Apple's top-selling product, accounting for 53 per cent of its sales in the quarter that ended last December. Apple hasn't discussed plans for the next version's release. Munster, who has correctly predicted the release of previous Apple products, said in the note that Qualcomm's radio chips that allow for faster connection to the Internet will be included in the next-generation iPhone.Apple released the iPhone 4S , the current version, in October of last year. Munster said the release of the new model should lead investors to raise their projections for financial results in the quarter ending in December 2012. The analyst wrote that he had previously modeled for the iPhone to be unveiled in August.LTE wirelessBy working with new so-called long-term evolution, or LTE, wireless networks being built by carriers such as AT&T; Inc and Verizon Wireless, iPhone users would have a faster connection for data-heavy tasks such as browsing the Web, watching videos and downloading files.Cupertino, California-based Apple, the world's most valuable company, fell to $587.44 at the close in New York . The shares have risen 45 per cent this year.Verizon Wireless, the second-biggest US phone network, said iPhone sales fell to 3.2 million from 4.3 million in the previous quarter, when the 4S model was released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "12738520", "title": "SP orders arrest of senior Bhagalpur Electricity Area Board official", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Bhagalpur SP K S Anupam has issued order to arrest chief engineer-cum-general manager of Bhagalpur Electricity Area Board (BEAB) K N Singh under the provisions of SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989.The order was issued in connection with a case lodged by BEAB deputy director (personnel) Parmanand Behari in February 2012. Behari had accused the GM of using derogatory, caste-related remarks against him. He lodged a case against the GM at the SC-ST police station. DSP Sheela Irani, who investigated the matter, said that prima facie the allegations were found to be true.The GM, however, said the allegations against him were \"baseless and false\". The case was lodged against him by Behari when he was asked about his absence from duty without information, said the GM.The Bhagalpur SP could not be contacted for her statement on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "12738534", "title": "Nepal cops give list of criminals to Araria SP", "text": "ARARIA: Zakir Miyan of Araria and former chairman of Jogbani panchayat parishad Bhola Shanker Tiwari figure prominently in the list of 35 \"most wanted\" criminals handed over to the Araria police by Morang (Nepal) district police chief at the district level co-ordination meeting of Bihar and Nepal authorities held at Morang in Nepal on April 16.Morang district police chief Pradum Karki handed over the \"most wanted\" list of criminals to his Araria counterpart, Shivdeep Lande, at the district level co-ordination meeting at Morang on Monday in exchange of the list.The Nepal police apprehended their complicity in connection with the kidnapping of Nepal-based corporate honcho, Tulsiram Agrawal, on January 26, 2002. The kidnappers had released the corporate honcho after about a month in which he had shelled out a whopping ransom amount of Rs 5 crore, highly placed official sources said. A dreaded criminal from Bihar, Pappu Dev, who was a named accused in this case, is in a Nepal jail since long. It was his disclosure under intense interrogation that the names of criminals from Bihar had cropped up, sources said.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Thursday confirmed the names of Zakir Miyan of Araria and former Jogbani panchayat parishad chief Bhola Shanker Tiwari in the \"most wanted\" list of criminals submitted by the Morang district police chief, Pradum Karki, on Monday.Meanwhile, Araria law maker Zakir Hussain Khan, on Thursday, maintained, \"On the day, January 25, 2002, the Nepali business tycoon, Tulsiram Agrawal, was kidnapped, I was in jail in Araria and was released on bail some 22 days after the business tycoon of Nepal was released by his captors.\"Strongly refuting the Nepal police's insinuation, the LJP leader said that his real name was Zakir Anwar Bairag not Zakir Miyan or Zakir Hussain Khan. He further said that the matter of his alleged involvement in the kidnapping of Nepalese business tycoon had cropped up during 2009 Lok Sabha elections too. He had contested the Lok Sabha poll from Araria as LJP nominee albeit unsuccessfully. \"I had clarified my position then too before the then DM-cum-returning officer,\" the MLA said adding, \"it was all politically motivated or a technical glitch on the part of Nepal police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739708", "title": "800 seats remain vacant, Karnataka Examination Authority seeks CID probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's a curious case of around 800 seats in professional colleges that were taken up during seat-selection process and later unfilled, thus pointing fingers at the seat-blocking lobby. Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA), sensing foul play, has recommended a CID inquiry.Every year, after the CET seat-selection process is completed, a reconciliation process is held. The process is to keep track of seats in all colleges. The number of unfilled seats in a college is identified and then transferred to the management quota.This time, when the reconciliation process was held, around 700 seats were found vacant. The seats were taken up during the selection process but the students never joined. Another 96 cases were noticed where students reported to the college and even paid fees. Many of these seats were in prominent colleges in the city where students vie for admission, triggering curiosity as to why they let go of the opportunity.The reconciliation process for medical seats wasn't attended by all colleges, therefore the number of such cases is not compiled completely. Only around 15 such cases are known as of now.\"We are processing the KEA recommendation for a CID probe. It will be placed before the chief minister who will take the final decision,\" said Siddaiah, principal secretary, higher education.Fingers are being pointed at the seat-blocking lobby that uses this as a method to poach on government seats. This is how it works: The managements make students who do not want to study in these colleges to take up seats. The students drop out at the last moment leaving the seat vacant. The colleges portray them as vacant seats at the reconciliation meeting and get them into their quota. In the meantime, they would have already sold off the seats to students in management quota and the vacancy remains only on paper. Thus the managements get more seats than what is allotted to them according to the consensual agreement.KEA CAUTIOUSKEA is more careful about handling the lobby this time. With the online CET seat selection process being introduced, reconciliation of seats will happen after every round. The stakeholders will not have to wait till the end of counselling for this process to happen.Meanwhile, the government is reconsidering the clause in the consensual agreement which allows the vacant government seats to be transferred to the management quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738649", "title": "Discontent over poor quality cloth for railway uniform", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railway Mazdoor Union (CRMS), recognized by the Indian Railways, has protested sub-standard cloth supplied to the running staff for uniform.The cloth is supplied to loco pilots (LPs), assistant loco pilots (ALPs) and shunters every two years to stitch two pairs of trousers and shirts. There is a staff strength of around 1,500 in Nagpur division who is due for uniforms since 2011. There are Railway Board directions that branded quality cloth for the purpose of uniform to railway employees should be supplied. However, CRMS has alleged that the cloth being supplied here is not branded and is of poor quality.The issue was raised at the permanent negotiating machinery (PNM) meeting held at DRM office on Thursday. The divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit has asked senior divisional materials manager (SrDMM) to return the cloth to headquarters at Mumbai, sources said.\"We have apprised the administration about the poor quality cloth and it seems it would be sent back,\" said Vinod Chaturvedi, divisional secretary of CRMS.The Railway Board vide a letter on April 24, 2007 issued instructions to the general managers of the Indian Railways to ensure supply of improved quality cloth to railwaymen. \"However, the reality is that quality cloth is not supplied to employees, resulting in their pride getting lowered. Besides, purchasing bad quality cloth is criminal wastage of money,\" alleged Chaturvedi.The running staff already has an 'open to sky' duty and work against all odds. \"If the railways can't provide them better quality uniform then it is a matter of shame,\" said Chaturvedi.\"The railway employees in uniform should appear in such a manner that dignity and image of the railways should get enhanced. And hence branded cloth should be provided,\" said RN Chandurkar, divisional president of CRMS.A quick response was not forthcoming from PD Patil, public relations officer (PRO), Central Railway, till the filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740801", "title": "Two crushed, 10 hurt as vehicle rams marriage procession in Depalpur", "text": "INDORE: Tragedy struck a marriage party, when the vehicle belonging to a music band accompanying the wedding procession crushed two people under its wheels after it lost control at a village in Depalpur, about 50 km from here late on Wednesday night.At least ten people including the groom were injured in the accident and subsequent chaos.The deceased have been identified as Jitendra (34) son of Rameshwar Sharma and Murari Khati. Jitendra was a resident of Ghashikheda, while the police are trying to find out the whereabouts of Murari.The accident took place at Cheemankheda village where four marriage processions had assembled at the house of one Manohar Singh Patel.Police said one of the processions, which came from Ajnaud village, had a music and band party accompanying it on a vehicle. The driver, who was allegedly under the influence of liquor, lost control over the wheels and ran into the procession ramming the chariot in which one of the grooms was sitting.Police said around 10 persons including the groom were run over by the vehicle. Panic-stricken people ran helter-skelter resulting in chaos at the marriage venue.According to police, the driver of the vehicle was under the influence of liquor. He fled the spot after the incident. Police have booked him under Section 304 A of the IPC and efforts are on to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738726", "title": "Agni-V success has city scientists on cloud nine", "text": "HYDERABAD: With India's 30-year-old dream coming true on Thursday with the test firing of the 5,000-km range Agni-V missile to proudly enter the exclusive Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) club, defence scientists lost no time in lining up bigger plans.\"We've done it... it feels really great. The next step would be to repeat the performance. Now that we have achieved what we wanted to, there are more big plans ahead. In the future, we will be able to have even a longer range missile. We will go by the current trends. We have consolidated our 30-year missile technology, but primarily we have now laid the foundation to achieve something even bigger,\" V K Saraswat, DRDO chief and scientific advisor to defence minister, told TOI from Wheeler Island.Excited as he was with India's great leap, Saraswat said they had specific and a variety of plans to ride to greater achievement on the success of the Agni-V. Though Saraswat did not commit himself to the `longer range' plan, sources aver that specific plans have already been put in place, perhaps for a 7,000-km range, by improving the Agni-V. The plans would be forwarded to the government for clearance\"India can do it. We have specifically worked on the Agni-V variant for the last three years and we can build on what we have now achieved to increase the range,\" Saraswat said.Much as Agni-V gives the country reason to rejoice and celebrate, scientists, in specific, at the missile complex in Hyderabad had all the more reason to cheer. At the Defence Research and Development Laboratory (DRDL), Research Centre Imarat (RCI) and Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL) at Kanchanbagh, there were celebrations everywhere as it is here that the missile was developed. These cluster of laboratories, called the missile complex, have been working on developing the missile with each organization being given a responsibility.The Agni-V project as such belonged to the Advanced Systems Laboratory. Apart from executing the project, the ASL was responsible for the propulsion system of the missile. In addition, ASL scientists also worked on what is called the `heat shield during the re-entry phase of the missile'. ASL's R K Gupta is the project leader of the Agni V.It may be mentioned that the programme director for Agni is Avinash Chander, chief controller of missile. The DRDL on its part had the job of doing the systems study for the missile, the aerodynamics study and was responsible for the structure. The total avionics for the entire missile, which is now the pride of the country, were provided by RCI. Only the missile launcher that was used was made in Pune.The Research Centre Imarat, which provided avionics for the missile had A P J Abdul Kalam, who later went on to become the President of India, as its founder director. RCI was established to design and develop world-class, state-of-the-art technologies for reliable indigenous weapons systems. \"Practically, the entire missile was developed in Hyderabad,\" a defence scientist said. In all the three laboratories, it is learnt that the scientists, employees and workforce total nearly 4,000.According to defence scientists, it was because of the efforts of the missile complex in Hyderabad that it was possible to restrict the weight of the Agni-V to 50 tonnes. \"At Wheeler Island, immediately after the Agni-V was test fired successfully, more than 250 scientists from Hyderabad who were also part of the event jumped and danced. That was the atmosphere that prevailed here. And in Hyderabad, I have learnt that posters have been pasted in our laboratories by the thousands of employees and scientists there celebrating the big event. The celebrations will continue,\" said Gundra Satheesh Reddy, outstanding scientist and associate director with Research Centre Imarat, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739812", "title": "Harish Salve explains SC powers on contempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: If a person is found guilty of committing contempt of Supreme Court, will the apex court's constitutional power to punish him be circumscribed by the Contempt of Court Act (CCA) provisions?Senior advocate Harish Salve, appearing in the application filed by Vodafone complaining about misreporting during the hearing of its case, said CCA only provided the guiding principles and would in no way limit the apex court's power on quantum of punishment, which in appropriate cases could exceed what is provided in the statute.The response came to a query from a five-judge bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, Ranjana P Desai and J S Khehar whether Article 129 of the Constitution, which provides that \"the Supreme Court shall be a court of record and shall have all powers of such a court including the power to punish for contempt of itself\", meant it was bridled by the CCA.After hearing Salve's view, the CJI said though the bench had not taken any final view, it was of the opinion that provisions of a statute could not limit the Constitution-vested powers of the apex court.In the midst of long deliberation on the necessity of framing media reporting guidelines to protect right of an accused to reputation and dignity as well as preserve sanctity of fair trial, the bench asked for Salve's view on restricting press freedom derived from right to free speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution and whether it could only be done through parameters specified under Article 19(2).The senior advocate said, \"The Supreme Court need not deal with the restrictions specified under Article 19(2) because it is only engaged in an exercise to define the contours of press freedom in reporting pending investigation or trial of a case and balancing it with the right of the accused to dignity and reputation.\"Salve said these days it was common to find TV channels standing outside a house being raided by investigating agencies and telecasting minute by minute details of the search operation. \"This surely besmirches someone's reputation. What happens if the agency does not find any incriminating material or does not press any charge at the end of the investigations? Can he not move the constitutional courts seeking relief on the ground that such reporting was destroying his reputation,\" he asked.\"The media should be beyond government regulations except acceptable censorship. But to argue that media is beyond all regulation is the limit,\" he said. Salve also objected to media using unnecessary hyperboles to describe intense questioning by a bench in serious issues.He said, \"Judges ask sharp questions to get the best out of lawyers. There is no pulling up, tearing into or lambasting involved in the oral argument-based judicial scrutiny system in India. There is a talk of restraining judges from making comments on institutions. If anyone has to exercise restraint, it is the reporters who cover the courts, not the judges nor the lawyers who must not be inhibited in any manner from free and frank exchange of views.\"Counsel Nitya Ramakrishnan said the investigating agencies had been regularly leaking information to media to prejudice an accused branding him as a terrorist though ultimately he might get acquitted in a trial.Appearing for Rajasthan government, counsel Manish Singhvi said a state producing clear and cogent evidence of consistent media misreporting could seek temporary deferment of publication for a limited period.\"However, the order for postponement of publication must be direct, proximate with investigation and must be least intrusive to the freedom of press/electronic media. Thus, the press has a right to report even criminal sub-judice matters as long as they do not impair or destroy fair investigation,\" he said.Singhvi said subordinate courts had sovereign power to dispense justice and hence, they had inherent powers to pass appropriate orders to secure the ends of justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738658", "title": "Duronto delayed as railway staff hunt for chicken, paneer", "text": "NAGPUR: A sudden and large order for chicken and paneer dishes caught the catering department of Central Railway here off guard and led to delay of the premium Mumbai-Howrah Duronto express on Thursday.The Mumbai-Howrah Duronto and several other trains coming from Mumbai were rescheduled by over an hour on Wednesday due to a fire that damaged the signalling system at Kurla on Tuesday midnight.The Duronto usually Mumbai at 5.15 pm and arrives at Nagpur at 4.20 am. On Wednesday night, it was rescheduled to arrive in city at about 7 am on Thursday. However, it reached platform No 1 at 10.10 am, three hours behind schedule on Thursday.Sources said although catering services were taken over by the railways, the contract for Duronto was still with the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation ( IRCTC). The base kitchen at Nagpur supplies omelette and bread-butter as breakfast for the train, as per original schedule.As it was rescheduled, railways decided to source lunch from Nagpur base kitchen. Accordingly, managers here were told around 12.30 am that they would have to supply chicken and paneer dish to the passengers. The train being a premium one like Rajdhani Express, food has to be given as per passenger preference.The kitchen, already grappling with staff and funds shortage, got into a crisis mode. \"At 12.30 am, it was simply impossible for us to get chicken and paneer for 840 passengers. We tapped our regular suppliers early in the morning and got the supplies. The night staff was also held back to help,\" sources told TOI.As there is staff shortage, the food could not be readied when the Duronto rolled even after a three-hour delay. It was ready only at 10.45 am. As it was already getting late, the food was boarded on the train without packaging. Amid chaos, the train left at 11.15 pm, getting further delayed by an hour at Nagpur because of food. Sources said if the catering department had sufficient staff, it could have met the emergency better.\"As the Duronto was stranded on platform No 1, platforms of some other trains had to be changed causing confusion among the passengers,\" visitors to railway station said.Nagpur Central Railway PRO P D Patil said, \"It is true that instead of breakfast we were asked to supply lunch, but you cannot link the delay to food.\"\"We were told about supplying food to passengers just an hour before the train was to arrive here. Still we could manage to do the job in time,\" Patil claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739246", "title": "Chidambaram urges industry captains to nurture J&K; youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday urged industry captains to train and employ the youth in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. During a meeting with around 20 CEOs, the home minister also asked them to examine possibilities of marketing J&K;'s agricultural produce.RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group chairman Sanjiv Goenka, who attended the meeting, said, \"I am principally interested in training and placement in the retail sector.\"On Thursday, Union home secretary R K Singh met about 20 senior officials of public sector units with a similar objective.The home ministry and the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) are spearheading a special industry initiative, Udaan, to train and employ 40,000 J&K; youth in five years. After training, the companies must ensure 100% placement for the youth.The initiative follows recommendations by an expert group headed by C Rangarajan.On December 2, Chidambaram had met chiefs and senior officials of about 28 PSUs, including Indian Oil, Power Finance Corporation, BHEL, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, State Bank of India, Steel Authority of India (SAIL) and NTPC. But, the outcome was disappointing.On Thursday, bosses of several PSUs, including NTPC , BHEL and ONGC, promised to \"return with firm figures in 15-20 days\", said a home ministry official.Besides Goenka, current CII president Adi Godrej and several former CII chiefs like Bajaj Auto chairman Rahul Bajaj , HeroMotoCorp joint MD Sunil Munjal and Infosys co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan , who is the CII president-designate, were present in the meeting.Goenka told ToI, \"It was a useful meeting. This was the first time at least I got to understand how the industry can positively contribute to integrate the youth of J&amp;K.; The industry fundamentally supported the home minister.\"The CEOs said they would discuss within their companies and get back to the home minister.A senior home ministry official said at both meetings emerging positive trends like improved security scenario, almost residual militancy, improved flow of tourists and pilgrims in J&K; were highlighted.While launching Udaan website in March, Chidambaram had said eight corporate companies have entered into an agreement with NSDC to train 8,290 youth in various sectors like business management, software and BPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738803", "title": "CBI seeks to grill Gali Janardhana Reddy\u2019s personal assistant", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Thursday told the trial court that questioning Ali Khan, the personal assistant of Gali Janardhana Reddy, the prime accused in the illegal mining scam, may throw light on the benefits bureaucrats like Y Srilakshmi received in the scam.The probe agency said this in its counter filed in the court on Thursday opposing Srilakshmi's bail petition.Since Srillakshmi is a senior bureaucrat and her husband is an additional DG of police in the state, they may influence the witnesses, the CBI said in its counter.The court posted the hearing to April 25. The hearing of bail petition filed by Emaar scam accused B P Acharya was posted to April 23.The Central Bureau of Investigation informed the court on Thursday that it would file its additional chargesheet in the Emaar scam, particularly on the roles played by Vijay Raghav and Sunil Reddy, before April 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738179", "title": "6-month deadline for Victoria repairs", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court directed the Victoria Memorial authorities to complete repairs of the monument in the next six months with the help of the Archeological Survey of India and the Central PWD.The division bench of Justice P C Ghose and Justice M K Choudury also observed that repairs should be done under the Memorial management committee's supervision.The bench also ordered that the problem with water in and around the Memorial area should be sorted out by both the Memorial committee and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC).The court has also asked the monument's curator to file a report in court within four weeks, stating how long will it take to complete the entire stock-taking of historical material at the Memorial.The bench disposed of a Public Interest Litigation (PIL), green activist Subhas Datta had filed in 2002. Only the portion of the petition relating to environmental hazard in and around the Memorial area will be considered by the bench.The bench further directed the state and city police to file a report about steps they have taken to carry out orders of the high court and also the Supreme Court on checking pollution in the vicinity of Victoria Memorial.In his petition, Datta alleged that the Victoria Memorial Hall (VMH) authority has informed the court about inconsistent figures on the total number of historical materials being held by them. The number varies from time to time, ranging between 27,000 and 30,000. Datta alleged that such a declaration of the total number of materials has created confusion in the mind of the petitioner as well as common people.In support of this submission, Datta said that the audit report for 2006-07 states only 2% materials have been physically verified by the auditors.VMH authority stated that at present 33,394 historical objects are in the Hall. Of these, 28,394 belong to the Hall, while 5,000 objects were acquired from the Rabindra Bharati Society on the basis of an enduring loan.The VMH also said that there was no deadlock on the rotating Angel atop the main dome of the Hall. It was also stated that the Angel atop the main dome of the Hall rotates whenever there is adequate breeze. This was strongly disputed by Datta.After considering all aspects of the issue, the bench passed the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12740578", "title": "Cop wearing Anna cap suspended", "text": "ROHTAK: A cop, who dared to follow Anna Hazare's advice to wear Anna cap as a form of protest while taking up the collective demand of entire police force was suspended by the Rohtak district police chief.The head constable Rajender Singh Tomar, an ardent supporter of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare approached the Rohtak superintendent of police office with a memorandum of demands, while wearing an Anna cap and with a tape on his mouth on Monday. The Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma immediately suspended him on terming his act as indiscipline.Talking to the TOI, Tomar, who is president of the Haryana police association said, he received the suspension order which has given indiscipline as reason of action against him. \"I have always been disciplined and devoted to my service. But I dared to raise the demand on behalf of entire Haryana policemen who are yet to receive their salaries even at the month end. Moreover, cops have not been disbursed allowances and other benefits for the last four years,\" he alleged.The suspended cop maintained that the constabulary is the most dedicated and disciplined unit in the police, which shared much of the workload on its shoulders. \"It's wrong to paint entire force as corrupt as there could be only a handful of moles. We work in extremely tough working conditions\", he said.He informed that the allowances to the tune of around Rs 80 crore are pending for the last four years which include scholarship amount meant for the children of policemen who had excelled in studies.The Rohtak SP did not respond to repeated calls to his office and mobile phone. The police spokesperson Ved Singh confirmed that Tomar has been suspended on indiscipline grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739605", "title": "Auction of coin minted in 1774", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the earliest coins to be minted in Mumbai will go under the hammer at an auction at the World Trade Centre over Friday and Saturday. The gold coin with a face value of five rupees was minted by the East India Company in 1774.The British who had recently arrived in India chose to stamp their own coins. \"They did so as the existing gold coins were not circulated among the masses,\" says Malcolm Todywalla of the auction firm.Collectors will bid for 750 coins, banknotes and medals. Emperor Jehangir's Zodiac coin, of the sun sign Leo, could fetch Rs 2 lakh. An 1879 Victorian gold coin, with a face value of five rupees, could fetch Rs 3 lakh. A 2,400-year-old silver punched mark coin from the Gandhara period and a 1,700-year-old gold coin of Emperor Chandragupta are other highlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12739586", "title": "50 estate workers injured in wild bee attack", "text": "COIMBATORE: Fifty workers of the Vellamalai Top Division Tea Estate in Valparai were hospitalised on Thursday after they were stung by a swarm of wild bees. Twenty of them are said to be in a serious condition and are under constant observation. Three nurses who rushed there in an ambulance also came under attack from the bees and have been hospitalized.According to witnesses, the bees started attacking the workers around 11.45am. Thirty of the 80-member team engaged in plucking tea leaf managed to escape. Those trapped between thick tea bushes in a portion of the vast estate had nowhere to run. Assistance, in the form of health workers and estate authorities, reached them along with an ambulance around 12.15pm. The nurses who arrived in the ambulance were also attacked.People ran helter-skelter as the wild bees swooped down on them, witnesses said. Later, all the injured were admitted to the estate hospital and panic spread in the plantation town as news of the attack reached the local residents.According to the estate authorities and local police, this is the first time wild bees have targeted workers. It is suspected that someone may have thrown stones at the hive triggering the attack\"We were unaware about what happened and how the bees attacked as all of us were busy plucking tea leaves. Some of my team members started crying suddenly, saying they had been stung by bees. We rushed towards them and were stung too,'' said M Mayandi, an estate supervisor.\"On getting information, we reached the spot in an ambulance. We were not aware the bees were still in the area. As soon as we moved out of the vehicle, they swooped down on us,'' said M Yesamma, a nurse.When contacted, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital resident medical officer P Sivaprakasam said the bees involved in the attack were not poisonous. \"Though the pain is severe, there will not be long-term problems. Only a few injured suffered respiratory problems and vomiting. Anti-allergic medicines have been administered by doctors in Valparai and the injured can leave hospital in a couple of days,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738759", "title": "Dixit Nagar residents still await civic amenities", "text": "NAGPUR: The 1,292 poor families were happy after being allotted pucca houses in Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority scheme in Dixit Nagar, north Nagpur. However, their happiness was short-lived as they began suffering neglect at the hands of Nagpur Municipal Corporation. Today the area lacks even basic amenities.\"When it comes to amenities such as sewage network, streetlights, drinking water and roads, this colony is a perfect picture of neglect,\" said the residents. This correspondent spotted flowing drains behind every house, pot holed roads, heaps of garbage and overflowing garbage bins in every corner. The residents pointed out that the NMC was set to launch another scheme for slum dwellers but has been providing third-class amenities that have only added to the woes of people rather than solve them.Due to blockade of pipeline, sewage gets accumulated at many places and is a breeding ground for mosquitoes and diseases. The locality stinks. \"We never received water in our tap,\" said Babita Gajbhiye, \"We have to depend on tankers that come on alternate days.\" To solve the water crisis, a city-based NGO drilled a borewell but as its water is contaminated, residents can only use it for bathing and washing clothes.Another resident Shankar Shende revealed that because of inadequate drinking water they are prone to water-borne diseases like diarrhoea and hepatitis. \"We often fell ill from malaria and other vector borne diseases too,\" he said. \"The area needs a new sewage system. The problem only aggravates during the monsoons,\" said Jyoti Kamble, a maid. She pointed out that though they had shifted here in 2006 they still felt as though living in slums.The newly elected corporator Savita Sangole recently submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal drawing his attention towards this locality. Recently, a delegation of residents had met the corporator. \"I was shocked when I saw the deplorable conditions here,\" she said.Asi Nagar zone assistant municipal commissioner Ashok Patil said civic amenities in the area wee not corporation's responsibility \"as Mhada had not transferred the area to corporation.\" However, a senior official from Slum Rehabilitation Scheme, said NMC should still provide basic sanitation and other facilities and not hide behind technicalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12738764", "title": "170 camera traps, 40 GPS gadgets, 40 range finders", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Chandrapur forest division has gathered heaps of data under phase-IV tiger monitoring exercise underway in buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve under its jurisdiction. This 60-day long annual census exercise is being carried out to re-ascertain the number of tigers in the reserve and areas around it, their breeding and dispersal pattern. Data related to leopard presence in the areas too is being compiled under the same exercise.\"We are covering over 600 sq km of area in buffer zone falling under 71 forest beats of seven ranges. 170 camera traps are being used to capture the predators' presence. 40 GPS gadgets and equal number of range finders are utilized to mark the location of tigers and leopards. Around 300 pugmark impression pads (PIP) have been prepared in the jungle for pugmark readings. A team of 71 beat guards and equal number of helpers have been deployed for the execution of the task under guidance of their superiors,\" said DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar.He claimed that phase-IV monitoring began since March 1 and would conclude by the end of April. Basic objective of this extensive exercise is to obtain accurate figures of tiger presence. Similar exercise is underway in core area of TATR, as well as other places of tiger presence under the jurisdiction of Bramhapuri forest division, Central Chanda forest division and FDCM. Figures of leopard presence in the area are also being ascertained under the same exercise, he added.\"We are approaching the tiger count from different angles. While data is being collected through mark recapture based camera traps, scats of predators are also being gathered for DNA analysis. Similarly regular reading is being carried out on 300 PIPs to monitor the tigers,\" he said. Kalyankumar said that identification of predators through multiple techniques will help the department have unique identity of the particular predator.Kalyankumar said over 300 camera trap pictures of tigers and other animals have been collected till date. Scores PIP readings too have been complied. Around 40 samples of scat too have been obtained so far. \"Around 40 pictures of tigers and leopards per range have been compiled so far. We are likely to end up with over 500 pictures for entire area,\" he said.He explained that entire data will be processed through special software prepare for the purpose to estimate exact figure of tiger in the area. \"DNA analysis of tiger's scat, their pictures and pug-marks will give unique identity to every big cat. This will also eliminate the ambiguity about the identification of tiger present in the border area of tiger reserve. We will even name every tiger after data processing and figure estimation,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738786", "title": "81 jeep drivers booked", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after 11 people were killed and eight injured at Amdi diversion on the Nagpur-Jabalpur road, Rural SP Manoj Sharma began a crackdown on overcrowded vehicles moving at reckless speed while ferrying passengers.In the joint drive executed on Thursday by the rural police and RTO officials, 81 jeep drivers were booked and many vehicles seized after the drivers failed to produce relevant documents.In the ghastly mishap on Wednesday morning, a jeep carrying 18 passengers had collided with a speeding truck. The injured are stated to be stable and are undergoing treatment at Mayo hospital.According to the rural police, 137 people were killed and 356 injured in 267 road mishaps in the last three months. \"A majority of the accidents take place as the driver takes in many more passengers than permitted and then is unable to control the vehicle. Hence, we have begun taking action against such vehicles,\" said Sharma.Police said that on learning about the drive, many jeep drivers did not ply their vehicles on Thursday. \"The drive will continue for a few months,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740304", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan, Kolkata Knight Riders celebrate win with scotch @ Rs 40,000 for 30 ml", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a state whose bacchus lovers have given the world the famous measurement called Patiala Peg, an ecstatic Kolkata team - basking in their win over Punjab team here on Wednesday - broke into a party which was reportedly served drinks, including a 30 ml of a fine 50-year-old scotch costing Rs 40,000.The revelers, who included actor Shah Rukh Khan , were exclusively served the scotch called The Last Drop at the team hotel. \"This brand which we served is one of the very costly scotch available in the world. Alcohol lovers first produced it in Scotland in the 13th century,\" said Sunny Chopra, F&B; manager at J W Marriott.A 750 ml Last Drop bottle comes for Rs 14 lakh and is available only upon request from manufacturers in Scotland. \"Only two bottles of this brand were bought in India, one of which travelled to Chandigarh,\" said Chopra. Rest of the players, including Brett Lee, Brendon Mc Cullum, Jacques Kallis, Manvinder Bisla and Sunil Narine, sank their teeth into wines like Dom Perignon from France to usual spirits like Absolut and Grey Goose.The party continued till the wee hours of Thursday and saw 37 liters of alcohol being downed by players from the Kolkata team. Later, players from Punjab team also joined the do along with their team co-owner Preity Zinta.Corono Extra, a Mexican beer brand, topped the consumption with 52 pints, followed by Asahi, a Japanese beer brand, at 27 pint and Heinkend with similar pints. The alcohol bill alone for the team was settled at Rs 2,18,802. UB group chairman Vijay Mallya's flagship Kingfisher brand, however, had only a few takers with just 2 pints consumed by the players.The actor's bouncers, who usually avoid alcohol, quaffed 43 cans of energy drink Red Bull. With most of the teams choosing to stay at this hotel, officials say that the hotel pub that goes by the name Whisky 111 has now become a favourite haunt for both players and fans. Mallya, also owner of Team Bangalore, has already booked a party at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12740535", "title": "44-year jail term in Pakistan refuses to end for Sirsa resident", "text": "PANIPAT: They have not seen him for the past 44 years. The family members of a Sirsa resident, Madan Lal, who was allegedly arrested by Pakistani security agencies in 1967 after he mistakenly entered the neighbouring country, believe that he might be one of Pakistan jails.His brother, Suraj Bhan approached a Panipat lawyer Momin Malik with a plea to get his elder brother Madan Lal back from Pakistani jail, where he might be languishing for the last 44 years. A petition for Madan Lal has also reportedly been filed in the Lahore High Court, which has issued notice to the IG (prisons) to submit a report on May 7. Madan Lal had gone to Ellenabad town of Sirsa district for some work on June 24, 1967, but never returned.Speaking to TOI, Suraj Bhan said that his brother, who was just 20 years old, when he mistakenly entered Pakistan and was arrested by security agencies there. It is not clear from where he entered Pakistan. Madan Lal was kept at the Bahavalpur jail till 1984, after which his whereabouts were not revealed by Pakistani authorities, said Suraj Bhan.He further said that a Pakistani official had told him that Madan Lal had been released in the year 1984, after which Pakistani authorities did not have any knowledge about him.However, Momin Malik contended that in case Madan Lal was let off by the Paksitani government, they should have handed him over to the Indian consulate in Islamabad. He said there was a possibility that Madan Lal was still languishing in the Bahavalpur jail in Pakistan.He said the matter would be taken up with Ansar Burney, the Pakistani human rights activist, who had been continuously working for the release of prisoners on both sides of the border, against whom no criminal cases were pending.Incidentally, Burney is currently visiting Mumbai to meet family members of sailors who had been taken hostage in the cargo ship MV Iceberg by Somali pirates. Malik said that on his return to New Delhi, he would take up Suraj Bhan's case with him and request him to locate Madan Lal and ensure that he returns home to his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12738671", "title": "7 tankers for 7 Melghat villages", "text": "AMRAVATI: With mercury soaring steadily many villages in Amravati district, especially those located in Melghat belt, are facing the heat. Ro tackle the water scarcity problem, the district administration has pressed into service seven tankers in seven Melghat villages. Besides, the administration has proposed 443 measures in 331 villages in Amravati district to solve water issue. The seven villages which are worst affected are - Khadimal, Pastalai, Dhomani Fata in Chikhaldara block and Memna, Hattighat, Avagad and Motakheda in Dharni block.The villages where rural water supply scheme failed to give desired results, private wells have been commissioned. Besides, the administration has formed special squad to immediately repair any fault found in the water supply line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740511", "title": "Six-laning of Panipat-Jalandhar highway: High court fixes Rs 50 cr fine for contractor in case of delay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to speed up completion of highway projects that are running behind schedule, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday directed that if the concessionaire of the 291-km six laning project of Panipat-Jalandhar highway, Soma Isolex Rollways, fails to complete the entire project before March 2013, it would be liable to pay a fine of Rs 50 crore.The HC has also ordered that not only the concessionaire, the director of the said project would also bear a penalty of Rs 5 crore in his personal capacity in the event of delay.Directions were also issued to the concessionaire to submit the detailed plan for removal of religious structures and high tension wires coming in the way of the project, to the Punjab government, so that desired action could be taken.The directions were passed by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover during the ongoing hearing of a petition filed by Harish Puri seeking directions for streamlining the flow of traffic on national highways.The bench further directed Haryana and Punjab states to cooperate in clearing obstacles in completion of the project within the timeframe. \"In the event of any fault, the chief secretaries of both the states would be held responsible for the delay,\" the bench held.Taking up the demand raised by the concessionaire, the bench also directed the Union ministry of defence to accord necessary approvals for transfer of Army's land for the project in Jalandhar within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12739299", "title": "\u2018Height\u2019 of pride: State girls set to conquer Mount Everest", "text": "JAISALMER: The women expedition team of the army including two from Rajasthan Major Neha Bhatnagar and Captain Deepika Rathore has reached the base camp South Cole of the Mount Everest at around 17,500 feet on Saturday. It is for the first time in the history that girls from Rajasthan are participating.Now, the expedition team will start the further climbing from Wednesday and will hopefully reach the Mt. Everest between May 10 and 20.On March 22, deputy chief of the army Ramesh Halgili in a grand function flagged this women expedition. For the first time, two daughters of Rajasthan Bhatnagar and Rathore are participating in the seven-member delegation.From the base camp, captain Deepika called her father-in-law Col. Surajpal Singh Shekhawat and informed about their successful camping here.Col. Surajpal Singh Shekhawat said that as per Deepika's information, the team reached the base camp on Saturday and on Wednesday they will start from the base camp and through Kunfbu Ice Pole and reach the Everest camp which is at 21,000 feet and possible reach the Everest between May 10 and 20.He said apart from the Indian army team, Everest Expedition team from Netherlands, Singapore, France and England have reached there and they too will move ahead.Col. Shekhawat said apart from captain Rathore and major Bhatnagar, the 7-member team includes captain Prachi R Gole, captain Smitha L , captain Poonam Sagwan, captain Namrata Rathore and Sonat Targis. The team will return on June 2. Deepika is resident of Bhavadia village in Nagaur district and her in-laws house is in Jaipur and Major Neha is resident of Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738177", "title": "Zest &amp; enthusiasm Virasat highlights", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A complete Gurukul-like atmosphere prevailed on the second day of Virasat 2012, the five day cultural convention organized by SpicMacay in association with MNNIT Allahabad. The day began in the morning with students changing their mismanaged routines and rushing to yoga sessions being conducted by yogaguru which left the students feeling fresh and imbued with spiritual energy.The invigorating yoga session, after a brief breakfast break was followed by workshops with maestros continuing in full swing from the first day with vocals by Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan, Kathak by Rajendar Gangani, calligraphy by Anees Siddiqui and Dhrupad by Prof Ritik Sanyal. The enthusiasm and the zest to learn was written all across the students' countenance as they were met with a never before opportunity to learn from such renowned artists and connoisseurs of Indian art and dance forms.The classical concert in the evening was graced by the performance of Dr Malabika Mitra, one of the foremost Kathak exponents of India with outstanding brilliance.Her performance combined the technical brilliance of Jaipur Gharana with the delicate grace of Lucknow gharana. Her flawless technique with scintillating footwork, crisp and incisive bols, impressive padhant, pleasant personality and a pair of large eloquent eyes which she employed with artistic effect left the audience mesmerized. Co artists D Mishra, P Banerji and S Neogi assisted her brilliantly.This was followed by the most awaited performance of Virasat which left the entire Rajiv Gandhi M.P.Hall in a trance when the great, Padma Bhushan Pt. Hari Prasad Chourasia took on his magical Flute and what was heard was perfection personified! Co artist Shubhankar Banerjee assisted him brilliantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740848", "title": "Split air conditioners in demand in city", "text": "INDORE: As the summer intensifies and mercury soars, more and more people in the city are looking up to air conditioners to beat the heat. The demand for air conditioners (AC) and water coolers has gone up drastically. ACs, that, used to be a symbol of luxury is now a necessity for most as water crisis makes operation of water cooler difficult.This year, unlike in the past the preference of the customers is towards the new sleek split air conditioners (AC) as against the traditional window ACs. Companies selling the ACs are offering a wide range of Split ACs that are energy efficient rated as two start to five star (The higher the star the higher is the energy efficiency).Shatrughan Tripathi, business manager, Panasonic AC, said the current season has been good so far, despite the occasional mild showers and clouds that kept the temperatures under control. \"We are expecting a 100% growth in business this fiscal,\" he said adding that this year the company targets to sell 25,000 units as against the 13,000 units sold last year.However, Ankush Jhawar, area sales manager, Daikin, thinks the other way round. \"This year may not be as good as the last year for two reasons- increase in prices and upgrading the benchmark,\" he said.Companies like Voltas, LG, Samsung which are already enjoying a big market share in the state are looking to consolidate further.Satya Mohanti, regional marketing manager, LG, said his company enjoys 34% market share in the state it was looking at a business growth of not more than 25% during the current fiscal.Gaurav Pahwa, director, Lotus chain of electronic retail outlets, said this year the business in AC segment may grow at a rate of 25-30%. \"Still, I do see some change in behavior of customers, when it comes to sales of AC,\" said he adding that the power (electricity) conscious people are going for star rating of products and are weighing finance options for the same.Keeping it in view, CII Madhya Pradesh is holding central India's first edition of Coolex Indore 2012- a three-day exposition on air conditioning and refrigeration from 20-22.The objective of the exhibition is to attract a large number of dealers, distributors, builders &amp; architects / service technicians, as well as the residents of the city looking to upgrade their existing cooling systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739847", "title": "CIC defers adopting a citizens\u2019 charter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Information Commission (CIC) may be preaching transparency to public authorities but it has trouble following its own advice. The Commission has put off adopting a citizens' charter for the last six months due to lack of consensus among information commissioners.The citizens' charter drafted by information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi stipulates that all pending appeals and complaints will be displayed on the website along with timelines and processes. The draft suggested that cases be addressed in two months and acknowledgements given to appellants and complainants within 30 days. The compelling argument in setting deadlines for addressing RTI complaints was that unless information is provided within a timeframe, it proves to be irrelevant.There are over 26,500 cases pending before the CIC as of January, 2012, registering a 12% rise since last year. According to estimates, at the current rate of increase CIC would have 80,000 pending cases in 2016 even if it continues its current rate of disposal at 35,000 annually. This could make the Commission redundant.Responding to criticism that the CIC was shirking from its responsibility in tackling the large pendency of cases, chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra admitted, ''There has been no consensus on the issue of introducing a citizens' charter so the Commission has decided to wait till Parliament passes the legislation to see what shadow it will cast on the working of quasi-judicial bodies.''Sources said that the issue has been raised in the Commission meeting at least thrice since September, 2011, but put off each time for further discussion. Among the concerns that have been red-flagged include that there is no need for a citizens' charter since no quasi-judicial or judicial body has one. There were also objections to setting time lines. Mishra said that commissioners felt it would be prudent to wait till the law came into force.Commission sources stressed that unless a timeframe was set to tackle the pending cases, the implementation of the Act would be at risk. As a source argued, ''As the waiting time at the Commission increases it reduces the pressure on public information officers and reduces the effectiveness of the Act.'' Sources also argued that judicial commissions like the National Commission for Minorities and Delhi district courts have citizens' charter.EoM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740069", "title": "Sukhoi snag hits flight operations in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Flight operations from the city's Lohegaon airport were suspended for four hours on Thursday after a Sukhoi-30 Mk-I fighter jet of the Indian Air Force made an emergency landing on the runway at 9.05 am. At least a thousand passengers were left stranded at the airport.An official IAF release attributed the emergency landing to a problem in the nose undercarriage of the Su-30 aircraft, which was on a routine flying exercise. No casualty was reported. \"The runway was cleared for flight operations at 1 pm,\" stated the brief release issued by Flight Lieutenant T Ramesh Kumar, PRO, Air Force Station (AFS), Pune.The incident affected peak hour flight operations as all 10 incoming flights between 10.30 am and 2 pm were delayed. Four of them, including two that were diverted to Mumbai, were eventually cancelled. Another four were diverted to Mumbai and two more were delayed at the airport from where they were leaving.The Lohegaon airport handles the landing and take-off of 76 passenger aircraft every day. The airport is a part of the AFS, Pune, which houses a couple of Su-30 squadrons. Key facilities like the runway, air traffic control and the operational area are controlled by the IAF.The Airports Authority of India manages the terminal building, apron and city side facility. There are restrictions on civilian flight operations from 8 am to 10.30 am and from 7.30 pm to 10.30 pm daily, to facilitate IAF's flying exercises.Senior AFS officials could not be contacted as the authorities there insisted that a statement related to the incident was being issued. \"An inquiry is being conducted to ascertain the cause of the incident,\" Flt Lt Ramesh told TOI. There was no elaboration from the AFS on what led to the emergency situation, which is the second of its kind in a little over four months involving a Su-30 aircraft from AFS, Pune.On December 13 last year, a Sukhoi-30 had crashed at Wade-Bolhai, 35 km east of Pune, due to a technical snag that occurred soon after the aircraft had taken off from the Lohegaon air base.The IAF then \"temporarily grounded\" all the 130 Sukhois inducted so far for checks at the Pune, Bareilly, Tezpur, Chabua and other air bases.Sources at the Lohegaon airport said the nose-wheel of the Sukhoi-30 aircraft was damaged extensively following the landing. Initial reports had said that the fighter jet had skidded off the runway.However, airport officials said that the aircraft was stuck on the runway near the ATC, which led the authorities to temporarily shut down flight operations. \"The AFS informed us about the closure at 9.30 am,\" an airport official said.An AFS team removed the disabled Su-30 jet from the runway with the help of an air jack and other ground equipment, airport sources said.The departure lounges in the new as well as old terminal buildings of the airport were filled with passengers, who waited patiently for the resumption of normal flight operations.\"I came here at 10 am for a flight to Indore but I am not sure what is going on right now,\" said Atish Shelar, one of the stranded passengers. \"First, they (airline) announced that the flight has been delayed by an hour and now they are saying there is a further delay due to a problem with the runway,\" he said.Another passenger, who did not wish to be named, said, \"I had an important official meeting to attend in New Delhi. I am not sure how far this (runway closure) will go on.\"Lohegaon airport director P S R K Sudhakar said, \"All the 10 early morning flights departed as scheduled between 5.55 am and 8 am. However, the flights thereafter were impacted by the runway closure. The airlines are rescheduling the flights.\"\"Between 10.30 am and 2 pm, we have four flights arriving from Delhi, three of which go back to Delhi and the remaining one goes to Hyderabad. Another three flights arrive from Bangalore while one each arrives from Hyderabad, Chennai and Goa,\" he said.A Jet Airways official confirmed that two of their flights - 9W-2402 from Kolkata to Delhi via Mumbai, Pune and Indore and 9W-2376 from Delhi to Bangalore via Pune and Hyderabad - were cancelled. Of these, flight 9W-2376 was cancelled after being diverted to Mumbai. The two flights were scheduled for departure from Pune at 11.05 pm.Similarly, a Kingfisher airline official said that their flight IT-2821 from Bangalore to Goa via Pune was cancelled. \"The flight was scheduled for departure from Pune at 12.50 pm,\" the official said. SpiceJet airline's Delhi-Pune-Delhi flight SG-217/212 was diverted to Mumbai and then cancelled, said the airport officials.Go Airways and Kingfisher airline flights from Delhi to Pune and back were diverted to Mumbai and were expected to operate three-and-a-half hours behind schedule. Indigo airline's Banglore-Pune-Delhi flight and Air India's Hyderabad-Pune-Goa flight were also delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "12739601", "title": "Maoists produce Odisha MLA in people\u2019s court", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/KORAPUT: The Odisha government on Thursday indicated possible release of abducted BJD legislator Jhina Hikaka by the Maoists soon. \"We hope to get some positive response from them (Maoists) soon,\" state home secretary Upendra Behera told reporters in Bhubaneswar.The government's hope reportedly stemmed from reports reaching Bhubaneswar that the Maoists began their \"praja court\" (people's court) to decide whether or not to release Hikaka. Sources said the court was held at a place about 2 km from Balipeta in Koraput district's Narayanpatna area.The sources said the Maoists had all but decided to leave Hikaka, but they were waiting for Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) leader Nachika Linga to reach there. Linga didn't want to join the Maoist \"praja court\" as he had earlier denied having any links either with the extremists or abducting the MLA. Linga had announced that none of the CMAS prisoners would move bail application and wanted the government to withdraw cases against them on its own.The 13 names the state government announced on Wednesday against whom cases would be withdrawn in exchange of the MLA's release didn't have the names of Linga and Gananath Patra, adviser of CMAS who is now in jail. This has fuelled speculation that the Maoists may delay Hikaka's release by a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738836", "title": "CPM seeks probe into land-grabbing in Tuticorin village", "text": "CHENNAI: The Communist Party of India (Marxist) has approached the Madras high court seeking a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation into land-grabbing allegations at Deivacheyalpuram village in Tuticorin district.A division bench, comprising Justice KN Basha and Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, specially constituted to hear land grab-related cases, has issued notices to the state government.According to the petition filed by the CPM's state secretary G Ramakrishnan, more than 210 families had been in continuous possession of 915 acres for several decades. Their uninterrupted possession since 1884 is borne out by records, the PIL said, adding that the land was used for agricultural purposes all these decades.In December 2008, the residents were shocked to learn that a local had executed several sale deeds in favour of some persons in Tuticorin, and even obtained some revenue records for the lands. However, owing to opposition from the party such authentication was put on hold, Ramakrishnan said, adding that several residents were beaten up by the 'buyers' when the sale deeds were questioned.The rightful occupants of the land were hospitalized and cases were registered against the offenders. There were even bomb attacks on the family members of those who questioned the land grab bid, the PIL said.Noting that several complaints were given to the local police, the district superintendent of police and then to the director-general of police himself, Ramakrishnan said there was no proper response from the officials. He, hence, wanted the matter to be entrusted to the CBI for a fair and unbiased investigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12738122", "title": "'1980 MW plant to power up city by 2016'", "text": "KANPUR: A coal based power plant of 1,980 MW - three units of 660 MW each - proposed to come up at Ghatampur, would start production by 2016. This additional power supply would go a long way in meeting the demand generated in the industrial city, which has been reeling under acute power crisis for years now. Chairman and CMD of Neveli Lignite Corporation Limited, A R Ansari shared this with the mediapersons during his recent visit to the power plant site in Ghatampur.Ansari had come to inspect the land on which the power plant would be constructed. \"By 2022, the capacity of Ghatampur plant would be increased up to 4,000 MW. With increased capacity, the plant would be able to meet the power needs of the entire state,\" Ansari said. Later, he inspected the land on which the power plant is to be constructed.Notably, nearly a week back the Neveli Lignite Corporation Ltd (NLC), a company under the Coal Ministry and Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL) were given permission by the Central government for setting up a joint venture company to raise and run a coal based power plant at Ghatampur in Kanpur Nagar.Meanwhile, the state government has already made a commitment to provide about seven acres of land and water for this project. Besides, work on the project is expected to provide employment to around 12,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740723", "title": "Message loud and clear, teen apathy for vote right", "text": "BHOPAL: Nineteen-year-old Priyanka Gautam, a chemical engineering student, doesn't wish to get her name included in the voter list. Apparently, cases of corruption and controversies involving politicians have disillusioned the budding engineering student.Same is the case with another youth Dheeraj Nagwe about 19 years of age, who thinks there are not enough options to choose from. \"Irrespective of the fact that whichever political party I vote for, my life is not going to change,\" he said.Priyanka and Dheeraj are not the only two youths, who are just not interested in getting their names added to the voter list. Even as the State Election Commission is busy updating voter lists, the message is loud and clear: political parties of all hues fail to offer them hope. Reasons for youngster's indifference may range from political parties' inability to system failure.Going by the state election commission's record, over 2 million youths in the age group of 18 and 19 years still do not figure in the voters' list in Madhya Pradesh. For its part, the commission takes pains to list efforts for attract youths to get their names included in voters' list.\"A special focus is being launched to include names of youths in voters list in the ongoing door-to-door campaign of the commission. Forms have been circulated in schools, colleges for the purpose,\" SEC spokesman Pravas Jain told TOI.The commission has also taken the help of the National Service Scheme (NSS), the National Cadet Corps (NCC), Nehru Yuva Kendra and Bharat Scouts and Guides to persuade young voters in rural and urban pockets to get them enrolled in the voters list.Of the projected 7.40 crore population in the state, around 4.7 crore are eligible voters. If successful in getting more than 20 lakh young voters added in the list, will exercise their right to franchise for the first time.In order to make the youth understand the importance of democratic structure of the country, the commission had also organised a \"young voter festival\" in January this year. Around 3,000 educational institutes were covered throughout the state in the festival.Officials said the door-to-door campaign had begun on April 15 to update the voters' list and would continue till May 31. The objective is to minimize the gap between total eligible population and the ones enrolled in the voters list. The commission had also convened a meeting of political parties to appoint block level agents for assisting the Block Level Officers (BLOs) for the job.Quotes\"I do not want to be part of electoral process as it would hardly make any difference to my life. Youth-oriented schemes should be introduced in order to strengthen their faith in power of vote.Priyanka Gautam, engineering student\"I once tried to make my voter I-card, but was not clear where to go and later gave up on that thinking there are no good options before voters that can really bring some change in this corrupt system.\"Dheeraj Nagwe, engineering student,\"I am not aware of the process to get the election card made and never tried as my focus is on career that will hardly change whether I vote or don't.Vandana Kumari, MCA student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740957", "title": "Mechuka Valley to be next tourist hotspot in northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Arunachal Pradesh tourism department is promoting the picturesque Mechuka Valley, about29 km from MacMahon Line which separates India from China, in West Siang district as the new tourist spot in the state.The department will start it first commercial chartered flight service from Guwahati to Mechuka on Sunday to exploit the tourism potential of the valley, which lies close to the snow-capped eastern Himalaya. Northeast's flight service provider, NE Shuttle, will start its first \"probing flight\" for Mechuka on Sunday.So far, Bum La, at about 14,000 feet above sea level, also close to the Mac Mohan line in Tawang district, has been the only frontier tourist destination in Arunachal Pradesh. People will be able to experience the beauty of another frontier spot in the state with the opening of Mechuka as a tourist destination, officials said. Mechuka too has a heavy military presence due to its proximity to China.Mechuka, also known as Menchuka, is located 6,000 feet above sea level and is one of the most picturesque destinations in the state. It is home to the Buddhist Memba tribe and the 400-year old Samten Yongcha monastery of Mahayana Buddhist sect is a contemporary of the much-revered Tawang monastery. Mechuka is also dotted with many Buddhist remains. The Siom River, which flows through Mechuka also provides a breathtaking view in the valley.\"We are now attempting to promote Mechuka as a tourism destination in a big way. The place has so much tourism potential. It can easily become one of the most sought-after destinations in the state,\" a tourism official said.According to statistics, Arunachal Pradesh has registered a 16.8 per cent growth in tourist flow in recent years, followed by Meghalaya with 10.4 per cent tourist growth rate.With its pristine surroundings, salubrious environment and rich repository traditional medicines, tourism officials said that Arunachal Pradesh also has the potentiality to become a wellness tourism destination in the country.The tourism development plan for Arunachal Pradesh, prepared by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) in 2010, has also emphasized on the wellness tourism potentiality of the state along with other tourism products in the state. Intach has said the state has the potential to emerge as the global destination for indigenous healthcare.Arunachal Pradesh can also offer niche eco and adventure tourism products because 68 per cent of the state's geographical area is covered by forests, lofty hills and falls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12741660", "title": "Security beefed for PM's Assam visit today", "text": "GUWAHATI: Security has been beefed up in Assam in view of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's day-long visit on Friday with the ULFA's anti-talk faction calling a 12-hour Assam bandh in protest.Police and para-military personnel have been posted on all major thoroughfares, vital installations and patrolling has been intensified throughout the state, official sources said.A security alert has been sounded throughout the state with police and security forces kept on high alert to thwart any subversive attempt by the ULFA and all forces engaged in counter-insurgency operations are meeting regularly to coordinate operations and share intelligence.According to intelligence sources, there are reports that the ULFA cadre have been directed to target oil installations, pipelines, railway tracks, security personnel, police stations and outposts along with other vital installations.The Prime Minister, who represents Assam in the Rajya Sabha, is scheduled to arrive here today at 1050 hrs at the Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport from where he would fly in a helicopter and land at the Nehru Stadium, Kamrup (Metro) Deputy Commissioner A Agnihotri told reporters here today.The Prime Minister would immediately leave for B Barooah Cancer Institute where he is scheduled to inaugurate two new facilities for cancer patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739390", "title": "Legislators want two foreign junkets", "text": "BANGALORE: The lure of foreign shores is so overwhelming for Karnataka's legislators that during their five-year tenure, they now want to travel abroad twice.The proposal has already got the nod of the legislative assembly secretary, speaker and chairman. If the law &amp; parliamentary affairs minister and chief minister signs on the file, legislators, who have already completed one study tour, can pack their bags for another round of globetrotting.Earlier, legislators were allowed to travel abroad once and outside the state (Swadeshi) twice. On June 6, 2009, following legislators' request, the rules were amended enabling them to tour thrice outside the state. Now, legislators want Swadeshi tours to be reduced to two, but foreign tours enhanced to two.With drought prevailing in the state, this isn't a particularly good time to raise such issues. But in the current assembly, over the past four years, many legislators have already undertaken three Swadeshi tours and one foreign tour. Now, they want to go abroad again for higher studies in urban development, agriculture, transport and infrastructure.On January 19, 2012, the chiefs of all legislature committees unanimously sought another opportunity of a foreign tour to the members. The legislature secretary, speaker and chairman have already given permission. Excluding travelling days, the foreign tour should not exceed 15 days and members have to travel economy class.Cost to exchequerA group of legislators had planned to a Europe tour this month but postponed it due to drought. The expenditure per person was estimated at Rs 5.12 lakh. The foreign tour of 300 legislators would cost the exchequer Rs 15.36 crore. If they get permission to travel abroad twice, the expenditure would be Rs 30.72 crore. Of course, this doesn't include the expenses of officials accompanying them.Austerity timeFor two months, there won't be any foreign jaunts by legislators and bureaucrats or extravagant spending for government functions. This is as part of austerity measures in view of drought in the state.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Thursday said: \"Till drought eases, we will check spending.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738734", "title": "City has third swine flu case", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman admitted at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has tested positive for swine flu taking up the number of people affected by the disease to three in current season. Her samples sent to National Institute of Virology that arrived on Thursday confirmed her condition.The 37-year-old woman had been to Pune a few days before falling ill. She was admitted to a private hospital for high fever and was later shifted to GMCH. Tests done by a private laboratory had declared her H1N1 positive but a confirmation was sought from NIV. Before this woman, there have been two people who tested positive for the disease. One was a teenage boy from Chandrapur and a pregnant woman from Mouda tehsil. Officials and doctors, however, assure that the city is well prepared to handle the outbreak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12738418", "title": "Ex-Congress MLA to join Jagan\u2019s party", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Ending the suspense, former legislator Vangaveeti Radhakrishna said that he would join the YSR Congress in the presence of Jaganmohan Reddy on April 27. Though Radha's switching of loyalties has been on the cards for sometime now, his meeting with former PRP chief Chiranjeevi two days back after confabulating with Jagan in Guntur last month has led to intense speculation in the political circles that the ruling Congress was making desperate attempts to win him back.Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, Radhakrishna said that he had decided to join the YSR Congress after holding discussions with his followers as well those of his late father Vangaveeti Ranga. He said Jagan would decide his political future. Sources said that Radha wanted to make his entry on a grand scale on the birth anniversary of his father on July 4. However, Jagan is believed to have asked him to join the party immediately and work for the victory of the YSR Congress nominees in the coming by-elections.Radha, who contested and lost the election as PRP nominee from Vijayawada (Central) constituency, alleged that the Congress had completely forgotten the sacrifices made by his father as well as late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.He claimed his father's sacrifices paved the way for the Congress party's victory in the 1989 elections and added that it was YSR who steered the party to power in two successive elections in 2004 and 2009. Radha said that he had joined the PRP ahead of 2009 elections in the hope that it would do justice to the weaker sections and the downtrodden.\"The PRP shattered all our hopes when its leadership had decided to merge the party with the Congress,\" he said. Meanwhile, Congress circles fear that Radha's exit at a time when Kapus are taking centrestage in the party could adversely affect their political fortunes, particularly in the coastal region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739123", "title": "Udyog Marg dug up again, commuters hit", "text": "NOIDA: Travelling via Udyog Marg, one of the busiest roads in the city, has turned into a nightmare for commuters as Noida Authority has taken up civil work and dug up the stretch at several points.Even last year, several stretches along the busy road had been dug up or closed for traffic to carry out repair and beautification work following the directions of the then chief minister Mayawati. This time, the road has been dug up to shift electric cables underground and to construct an underground utility corridor. The digging work for the utility corridor is being carried out at the traffic junction from where the road leads towards Harola village. The authority has also simultaneously dug up the stretch between the Indian Oil roundabout in Sector 1 and Jhundpura along Udyog Marg to shit the overhead cables underground.This has resulted in major inconvenience for residents as well as regular commuters as the stretch witnesses massive jams. To make matters worse, the authority is also carrying out desiliting of drains along the road that diverges from Udyog Marg into Harola village. Silt dumped on either sides of the road for drying has left little room for vehicles on the narrow road that is already rife with encroachments. For commuters it is case of double whammy since traffic spillover also triggers regular traffic jams on the already congested parallel road running to sectors 11-12 from Sector 15 through Sector 3.Udyog Marg is used by thousands of commuters travelling from Delhi and other parts of Noida towards the Noida Authority office or industrial sectors 11 and 12.According to Noida Authority, this work is part of their larger plan to \"beautify Udyog Marg.\" The authority has proposed to widen and re-carpet Udyog Marg and construct dedicated green belts and sidewalks along the stretch, all at a cost of Rs 20 crore. \"We are trying to minimize commuters' inconvenience and have instructed our staff to ensure that the diversions, blockades and digging do not become an ever-lasting affair,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739553", "title": "Men in khaki crying foul over Army imports", "text": "BANGALORE: The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) aspirants and police are up in arms against the ministry of home affairs' decision to recruit Army and paramilitary officers to Indian Police Service cadres with only a limited examination. As per this recent move, officers of these forces below the age of 35 years and with five years of service can join IPS after appearing for an examination much easier than the tough UPSC examination for civil services and training of three months.Sources in the Army, which is already facing a shortage of officers, has sent an internal circular specifying who can apply for this. Only those medically unfit or those who joined through the short service commission can apply which clearly means the cream of the Army will be retained.Karnataka IPS Officers' Associations and UPSC candidates plan to contest this move in court. Candidates say it affects their chances in the UPSC and it's unfair. \"We spent years preparing to clear the UPSC exam and some are being given a back-door entry,\" said Ram Prasad, an MA gradate and civil services aspirant.According to officers, there's no shortage of IPS cadres. \"Every year, there are 5-7 candidates coming to every state in the IPS cadre. Even if there are vacancies, we have officers from the state services who have put in years of service. At present, an officer from the state service has to serve eight years as a deputy superintendent of police. Why can't they reduce it to five years and give them a chance to be of IPS cadre?\" asks a senior Karnataka police officer.The first argument is that none of the Army men coming to IPS are given training in law, policing, etc whereas young IPS recruits undergo rigorous training in law, police manuals and investigation, etc. These officers get three-month training to catch up.Some IPS officers in the city argue that this would lead to other problems. \"The Army spends months in officers training to make sure their candidates take orders and not to question their seniors, no matter what. They are trained for a different kind of duty, to eliminate their enemy. In the police department, it always has to be a win-win situation as we are dealing with the common man. Getting in Army officers will give the police force a terrorizing image,\" he said.Police departments of other states too are approaching the court against this move. When TOI contacted the home ministry officials, they said they would fight the case in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738903", "title": "Lawyer murder solved, man held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 39-year-old man was arrested near Periyapalayam on Thursday after he used the mobile phone he had stolen from a lawyer whom he murdered last month. Police said the tower gave away his position. The body of Kumara Giri, a lawyer practising in the Madras high court, was found near a forest area in Gummidipoondi, 40km from here, on March 16.During questioning, the accused, Raju alias Raja, who was involved in a murder and some theft cases in the city, admitted to killing Giri in a drunken brawl and stealing his phone, a gold chain and a gold earring.Teams led by Gummidipoondi deputy superintendent of police K Kumar recovered the stolen valuables he had pledged with a pawnbroker and seized the mobile phone.Police said Giri, who eloped and married a girl named Priya Mani, soon got into drinking. On March 13, he left for Sathyavedu to meet some friends.On the way, he stopped at a liquor shop in Kavarapet where he met Raju. The latter, involved in a dispute with some relatives in an assault case, befriended Giri who promised to help him. The two then travelled on Giri's bike towards Sathyavedu. En route, they stopped at two places and had drinks, police said based on Raju's confession. At Sathyavedu, the duo smoked ganja (marijuana) and Giri asked Raja to bring him a girl, police said. A quarrel ensued and Giri allegedly threatened to make life difficult for Raju by complicating his case.Raju then took Giri to a grove where he smashed his head with a stone, stole his gold chain, earring and mobile phone before fleeing, police said. Giri's body was recovered on March 16 and kept at the Stanley Medical College Hospital where his wife, Priya Mani, identified it. Police registered a case of murder and started a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12739217", "title": "Poll effect? 'Shocking' rural stats pushed under carpet", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: An ambitious project, undertaken by the Gujarat government's planning department, to prepare profile of each of all 18,066 villages of the state to get \"reliable and credible socio-economic statistics\", is learnt to have been suddenly pushed under the carpet, at least till the state assembly elections scheduled for December 2012.While the official explanation is the data collected was \"not perfect\" and \"too raw\", hence it could not be made public, a high-level secretaries' meeting this Wednesday saw an influential state bureaucrat, known to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi , declare, \"This data will have wide-scale ramifications ahead of the elections. One should analyze these before putting them on the web.\" A senior official, present at the secretaries' meeting, said, \"Gujarat chief secretary A K Joti immediately agreed, suggesting any data that have political consequences should be kept secret.\" Interestingly, government insiders said, the data may have \"some flaws\", as it often happens with such mass-level surveys, but the data is \"good enough to be put on the web within two months\".A presentation on village profile at the secretaries' meeting, made by additional chief secretary V N Maira, suggested that while Gujarat may claim to have made major strides in several indicators, there are wide gaps in even in a developed district like Anand in central Gujarat. The \"primary data\" was collected by grassroots officials with \"100% verification by taluka level officials\", the data of Anand district suggest that male literacy rate in the rural areas is 84% and female literacy rate is 56%. But what it found particularly disconcerting was, among scheduled castes, male literacy rate was 10 per cent and female literacy rate was 8 per cent!Further, in 377 villages of the district, there were 770 primary schools, but 33 villages did not have any primary school. In as many as 56 primary schools there was no potable drinking water facility, and 54 villages did not have any toilet. Further, none of the schools had a library. An official said, while interpreting the data, the state planning man also suggested how the state's much-hyped Chiranjeevi project, under which private gynecologists were roped in for providing institutional deliveries in remotest parts, was not such a big success as suggested. \"He gave several examples, which saw Modi's officials raise eyebrows,\" he added.Significantly, the presentation said, all data was collected and fed online at the village level in a \"truly paperless mechanism\". Data was verified, again online, first at the taluka level, then by offices of district development officers and collectors, particularly by district statistical officers.Entered into the portal of the Directorate of Human Development, the data was then transferred offline to data analysis engine, developed separately, \"which is now available on web portal hosted by Gujarat Info Petro Ltd (GIPL), a subsidiary of the state blue-chip company Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739324", "title": "\u2018Love triangle could have led to clash\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine youths, accused of beating a 16-year-old college student to death on Tuesday night, were remanded in police custody till April 25 on Thursday. Three teenagers, among them the main accusedwho is 17 years old, have been sent to the Dongri remand home, after all 12 were produced in an Andheri court and the Dongri juvenile court.The accused, booked for rioting and murder, were arrested on Wednesday after the main accused, along with over 16 of his accomplices, beat Ansh Agarwal, his classmate at a coaching centre in Andheri (E), to death. MIDC police senior inspector S L Hujband said, \"We are looking for five-six more youths for helping the accused and we are sure to arrest them soon.\" Officials suspect a love triangle among the accused, Agarwal and a girl at the tutorial home triggered the incident. The matter worsened when the accused reportedly sent an objectionable text message to her and also allegedly abused Agarwal's mother.On Tuesday, Agarwal went to the house of the accused in Andheri (E), \"to confront him\". But not finding him there, Agarwal left after abusing his mother, said the police. Angered that Agarwal had been rude to his mother, the accused gathered more than 16 of his friends and went to Agarwal's home at J B Nagar, but could not find him there. Soon after, the group bumped into Agarwal and his friends. \"Agarwal slapped the accused for sending the lewd text to the girl and abusing his mother. But he apologized to accused for being rude to his mother. But, the accused and his aides attacked Agarwal with iron rods, bamboo sticks and dashed his head on paver blocks, killing him,\" said the police.According to classmates at the J B Nagar coaching centre, Agarwal and the accused would often fight over petty matters. \"His friends say they often clashed for no reason. We also suspect that a love triangle could have led to the incident,\" said ACP (Andheri) P M Wadkar.TOI visited Parijat Building near JB Nagar Circle, where Agarwal stayed, but mediapersons were barred from entering the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738499", "title": "Kozhikode is top job provider among tier-III cities", "text": "KOCHI: It's good news for Malabar. Kozhikode has emerged as the top employment provider among tier-III cities in the country during Q3 of last fiscal.According to an Assocham study, Kozhikode generated 23,920 employment avenues in this period. \"The district showed 227% growth in job opportunities in the 15 tier-III cities of the country,\" Assocham secretary general D S Rawat told TOI. Ambala in Haryana, which accounted for 123.8% growth, came second and Dehradun in Uttarakhand with 26.7% came third.Among tier-II cities, Jaipur emerged top with 58.5% followed by Pune (10.2%) and Surat (5.2%). But even Jaipur could generate only 11,000 jobs which is less than half of the figure for Kozhikode.The survey has identified ITeS, automobile, banking, engineering and insurance as five top job providers. \"The survey underlines rapid changes happening in smaller cities. More focus is being invested on tier-II and III cities with investment costs going up in metros,\" Rawat pointed out.Attrition levels are also high in tier-I cities. \"We at Assocham feel that most of the industries will complete this relocation process in the next three years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738408", "title": "Danapur MLA receives threatening calls", "text": "PATNA: BJP MLA from Danapur, Asha Devi, has alleged that she had been receiving threatening calls from notorious gangster Ritlal Yadav for the last 15 days.Ritlal is currently in Beur Central Jail. She alleged that Ritlal was asking her to join hands with him otherwise there would be bloodshed.The MLA said she had lodged a written complaint with Patna senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj in this regard and sought protection to herself and her family members and changing of her security guards. Later, her security guards had been changed.CPUs stolen: Three CPUs belonging to the social welfare department in the New Secretariat were allegedly stolen on Thursday, sources said. An officer at Sachivalaya police station said the department's under-secretary, Dadan Prasad, however, had lodged a written complaint with the police station in the evening about missing of only two CPUs from the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739513", "title": "No major swing in vote share", "text": "NEW DELHI: The total polling percentage for the civic elections in the city may have gone up from 42.78% in 2007 to 53.95% this time but there is no major swing in the vote share of the main political parties. The BJP got an overall vote share of 37.71%, Congress 30.54%, and BSP 9.9%. Compare this with the 2007 figures of BJP (36.17%), Congress (29.17%) and BSP (9.87%) and you get the picture.The independents got a vote share of 14.23%. The BJP, which won in the North and East corporations by a clear majority, has had to take the support of nine independents to reach the majority of 53 in South. The BSP with 9.9% votes remained the primary spoiler like last time across the corporations, along with these independents.The anti-Congress wave played itself out in the form of a vote split that added to the kitty of BSP, NCP and independents. Last time too similar combinations had derailed the Congress and paved the way for BJP. Poor ticket distribution and infighting were cited as the reasons for the debacle by Congress then. And BJP had in 2007 too campaigned on national issues and inflation.This time BJP's campaign made corruption in the Congress-led state and Centre the main plank and added inflation for impact to mobilize voters against the party. Congress on the other hand did manage ticket distribution better but failed to understand public sentiment and grossly under-estimated the role of BSP. Also it failed to combat rebels and potential independents in many areas. In at least a dozen wards, it gave tickets to weak candidates.The BJP too had a problem of rebels but its vote share of 36.71% indicates that its traditional voters stood by it. And the BSP and independents did the rest of the job for it. In many seats the Congress ended third and at some places even fourth in the contest.The BSP's role is most evident in East Delhi Corporation where Mayawati's candidates got a vote share of 12.39%. The independents here, many of them Congress rebels or strong candidates representing the Muslim-dominated areas as independents, got 15.19% votes. The BJP won the corporation with 35 seats and a vote share of 35.02%. Despite the odds, the Congress got a vote share of 30.34%. Samajwadi Party too cut into the votes taking 3.06%, tapping into the votebanks of migrants from Uttar Pradesh here.In North Corporation, the BJP's vote share was a strong 40.51%. The Congress followed at 31.96% while the BSP got 9.65% of the votes with Independents taking10.88%. Here again the independents and BSP played spoilers for Congress giving the BJP an edge.In South Delhi Corporation, the difference between the vote share of BJP and Congress is less than five per cent. The BJP has 33.84% and Congress 29.19%. The BSP cut into the vote share in the rural areas and unauthorized colonies of South garnering 8.27% votes and the independents managed 17.12 percent, emerging as the key players. Most of the independents are rebels of BJP and Congress.Samajwadi Party, which came riding high on Akhilesh Yadav's win in Uttar Pradesh, could not replicate BSP's experience of 2007 and ended the show with an overall poor poll percentage of 1.93%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739331", "title": "Drunk drivers: Young, educated and reckless", "text": "NEW DELHI: A random survey conducted by traffic police on drunk drivers in the city has revealed that majority of those jailed this year were young, educated and driving private vehicles.\"We conducted a random survey of drivers caught drunk in the first three months of the year and found many of them are well-educated and driving private vehicles. While double the number of people have been jailed this year as compared to the corresponding period last year, we will be appealing for bigger jail terms where we deem fit,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Till April 15 this year, 2,200 people have been sentenced to jail for driving drunk. This is a 114% jump from the corresponding period last year, when 1,027 people were imprisoned. About 7,115 drivers have been prosecuted for driving drunk this year. Fifteen people have been jailed for more than six days, while 37 people were jailed for four or five days and 2,148 for up to three days.The random survey was conducted on a sample size of 1,887 drivers caught drunk. More than 85% of these people were found driving private vehicles. \"Of these drivers, 333 were graduates and postgraduates. Many of them were pursuing undergraduate education, as 334 had passed Class XII,\" said Garg.About 315 drivers were below the age of 25 while majority of the drivers (about 1,157) were between the age group of 26-40. The oldest driver to be prosecuted in 2012 is a 68-year-old resident of Rajender Nagar. \"He was found driving his motorcycle drunk on March 2 and his breathalyzer reading was 79mg/100ml. He was produced in court the next day and fined Rs 1,600,\" said a senior traffic police officer.A majority of these drunk drivers who were imprisoned were found to be driving in north Delhi, with south Delhi coming a close second. While 917 drunk drivers were imprisoned in north Delhi, 913 persons were imprisoned in south Delhi. Imprisonments in central Delhi have been 185 while in west and east Delhi, 165 and 20 people were jailed, respectively.You can be booked for drunk driving if a breathalyzer detects over 30mg of alcohol in your bloodstream.\"Usually, imprisonment can be awarded to anyone found driving with more than 30mg alcohol in their system, but is usually awarded to those registering over 100mg. It is the subjective assessment of the court, but many of those who were awarded judgment of 10 days or more had recorded 150mg onwards,\" explained a senior traffic police officer.Drunk driving is punishable under Section 185 of Motor Vehicles Act where violators can be fined Rs 2,000 or sentenced to six months in jail or both. Repeat offenders can be fined Rs 3,000 and/or jailed up to two years. If caught driving drunk, the violator's car is impounded in cases where there is nobody accompanying the violator to drive their vehicle back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739456", "title": "Seven cops accused of rape in last 6 yrs", "text": "MUMBAI: The police, who are struggling to arrest ACP Anil Mahabole, are grappling with the issue of sexual abuse by its personnel. Seven policemen have been accused of rape in the last six years.According to its records, constable Sunil More has been imprisoned for 12 years for raping a college student, another constable has been sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment for raping a ragpicker. A senior inspector, accused of sexually abusing a minor, died on railway tracks near Ahmednagar in 2010, while an inspector from the V B Nagar police station was arrested for allegedly raping an airline employee. Even as the force condemns such acts, senior police officers distance themselves from the culprits, saying what a policeman does off duty is not their responsibility.The list of such personnel in the police force is long. Take the example of deceased senior inspector Arun Borude (53). He was part of the force's encounter squad and enjoyed the patronage of several senior police officers. He was suspended after a blast accused, Khwaja Yunus, was killed in police custody. Years later, Borude was given a plum posting as in-charge of L T Marg police station. In October 2010, a 15-year-old girl complained that Borude and others raped her. She delivered a baby as well. Borude proceeded on sick leave and was absconding after an FIR was registered against him. He was found dead near railway tracks in December 2010. In 2012, a court acquitted several accused in the case.Senior police officers blame long hours and work pressure cause policemen to go astray. \"How can we keep tabs on an off-duty policeman?\" said a senior officer.A Marine Drive constable, More, raped a college student inside a police chowkie on April 21, 2005. Subsequently, he was dismissed from the department under Article 311 of the Constitution. While the force was still struggling to wipe off the stains, another constable, Chandrakant Pawar, was arrested for sexually abusing a minor ragpicker on October 17, 2005. A DNA test proved that Pawar raped the girl under the influence of alcohol near Sahar airport and on July 13, 2006, he was sentenced to 15 years' rigorous imprisonment.In December 2010, the Ambernath police registered a case against constable Sanjay Rathod (26), posted with the SRPF for allegedly raping a 20-year-old after promising to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738606", "title": "Goa has no host city contract for Lusofonia Games 2013", "text": "PANAJI: The absolute lack of seriousness with which the previous state government approached the bidding and hosting of the Lusofonia Games 2013 was exposed when it became clear that there is no Host City Contract signed between the organizers and the state.\"We do not have any contract. All that we have is a letter, declaration rather, from ACOLOP that Goa has been elected to host the Lusofonia Games in 2013,\" admitted Sports Authority of Goa executive director Elvis Gomes.Goa won the right to host the 3rd edition of the Lusofonia Games in July 2009 during a general assembly of Associacao dos Comites Olimpicos de Lingua Oficial Portuguesa (ACOLOP) or Association of the Portuguese Speaking Olympic Committees at Lisbon in Portugal. But close to two years later, and just 15 months left for the event, the organizers and the state are yet to sign a Host City Contract.When the rights to host any international event is handed over to a winning nation-state in this case since Goa is representing India at the Games for all Portuguese speaking nations-an organizing committee is formed and the Host City Contract is signed between them and the organizers, promising that certain measures will be undertaken to ensure the smooth and consistent delivery of the Games.From P1The Contract normally contains the basic principles of organizing the games, organization of accommodation, principles of planning, organization of accommodation, organization of sports programme, cultural programme, ceremonies, medals, intellectual property-related matters, commercial obligations, broadcasting agreements, and, crucially, termination.Goa has a Host City Contract signed with the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) for the conduct of the National Games 2014, but crucially no such document exists for the conduct of the Lusofonia Games.Gomes is only a fortnight into his job and is unaware of what the former executive director had done. His predecessor V M Prabhudesai, who was active while bidding for the Games in Portugal, surprisingly decided to play ping pong as he feigned ignorance of the document and said Goa Olympic Association (GOA) secretary Gurudutta Bhakta should be in a better position to do the answering.\"I was not there in Portugal when Goa won the right to host the event. Those who went to Portugal would be able to throw light,\" said Bhakta, passing the buck just like Prabhudesai had done.In Portugal, for the record, the then sports minister Manohar (Babu) Azgaonkar, secretary (sports) M Modassir and former GOA president Subhash Shirodkar were present and campaigned for Goa to host the event ahead of Brazil.\"The contract is actually a must for the successful conduct of the Games but we can do nothing about it now. We have to look for a way forward,\" said Gomes, adding that even for the World Cup U-17 soccer which India is bidding for, a detailed contract was already in place.The absence of a Host City Contract is one of the reasons why ACOLOP could not arm-twist the state in putting the infrastructure in place. The absence of the contract also means they cannot quite possibly take away the Games from Goa at such a late stage. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740106", "title": "Sassoon hospital's trauma care centre gets Rs 5 crore", "text": "PUNE: State-run Sassoon general hospital will get a state-of-the-art trauma care centre in a year's time.Besides Sassoon, the Nanasaheb Patil civil hospital in Satara and the Shahu Chhatrapati medical college and hospital in Kolhapur have received funds to start the second and third phases of the trauma care centres, which deal primarily with accident cases.\"The Sassoon has received Rs 5 crore while the hospitals in Satara and Kolhapur have received Rs 2 crore and Rs 4 crore respectively for purchasing instruments and diagnostic facilities,\" said D D Malekar, senior regional director, regional office for health and family welfare, Government of India.The scheme is being implemented on the Golden Quadrilateral and the north-south and east-west corridors of the national highways at a cost of Rs 732.75 crore.The scheme envisages upgrading and strengthening select government hospitals along the national highways to L-III, L-II and L-I level trauma care centres in a phased manner to deal specially with accident cases.\"The Union government has allotted funds to the three hospitals for setting up equipment. The centres are likely to become operational within a year. The third phase will require the hospital to recruit separate staff,\" Malekar told the TOI.The trauma care centre will have a 20-bed facility manned by a medical staff that includes an orthopaedic surgeon, a neurosurgeon, a physician and paramedical staff.Level II trauma care centre, like those proposed at Sassoon and Shahu Chhatrapati hospital in Kolhapur will have high-end diagnostic facilities like CT scan and MRI.The level III trauma care centre, like the one at the civil hospital in Satara, will have all other facilities except high-end diagnostic facilities.Orthopaedic surgeon Ajay Chandanwale, who is the dean of B J Medical College and Sassoon General Hospital, said they have received the funds and are now waiting for guidelines to make purchases for setting up the equipment.Rupees 80 lakh were used in the first phase to set up infrastructure, while in the second phase the Centre has granted Rs 5 crore to buy instruments.BOXAbout the trauma care centre* A separate 20-bed unit at the identified government-run hospitals* Centres at Sassoon and Shahu Chhatrapati hospital in Kolhapur we will have CT scan and MRI scan* Separate and dedicated medical staff* To deal primarily with road accident caseseom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739552", "title": "Famous Studio will soon be just another high-rise", "text": "MUMBAI: The lights will soon go off at the 66-year-old Famous Studios, one of Bollywood's oldest and iconic film studios.Sometime in the past week, its owners, the Roongtas, signed a memorandum of understanding with Ajay Piramal-led Piramal Realty to jointly develop the 1.5 acre property, which offers an unbridled view of the Mahalaxmi Race Course, for around Rs 350 crore, highly placed real estate sources said.The Rs 350-crore JV is in the ratio of 45:55 with the Piramals having the greater share. The Roongtas' share will be in the form of built-up space (in lieu of land it has given) in the new development and upfront money of approximately Rs 80 crore.Famous Studio on Thursday also issued a public notice to verify its ownership of property.Both companies however, remain tightlipped over the development. Arun Roongta, director of Famous Studio, denied signing an MoU while Piramal Realty and CBRE, global property consultants to the deal, refused to comment.Real estate sources said both parties are reluctant to make the deal public till the Roongtas reach an understanding on the rehabilitation package with the 12-odd tenants for vacating the premises. \"The rehabilitation should not be an issue as Roongtas own 90% of the area. The owners will have to ensure adequate compensation to tenants as in two years' time, when market conditions improve, the property will be ideal to sell luxury residential apartments for about Rs 40,000 a sq ft,'' said a senior industry source close to the development. Flats in this area currently sell at around Rs 27,000 to Rs 30,000 per sq ft.Property sources also pointed out that the studio stands on a BMC leasehold plot. So, if the plot is to be redeveloped, as per the conditions laid down in the lease agreement dated June 11, 1944, the developer will have to pay a fee for change of user from commercial to residential.Realty sources say there is another reason for the Roongtas' wariness to make the deal public. \"Two years ago, they had stuck a deal with D B Realty, but the talks broke down as the developer sought more than a year's time to pay the sale price after reaching an agreement. D B Realty had also promised to rehabilitate the tenants. The Roongtas now do not want to take a chance,'' said a senior expert.Tenants have already raised a banner of protest. Rajendra Kapoor, general secretary of the tenants association, said, \"We want accommodation but the compensation offered by Roongtas is way below the prevailing market price.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739854", "title": "Now, chief minister is just a call away", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ever made a phone call at UP chief minister's office to register a complaint but could not speak to CM Akhilesh Yadav? Now, it is likely that you will get a return call from the chief minister office if you fail to get through.In a novel initiative to boost up its image of being a people frirendly government, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has set up a call centre to make return calls to people whose calls he could not answer.The call centre established at the office of Lohia Trust on Vikramaditya Marg receives such phone calls not only from the chief minister office but also from some three dozen ministries who are directly under Akhilesh Yadav.A senior official at the call centre confirmed that they have been entrusted with the job to call back people who left their phone numbers at CM office or any of his ministries. The team comprises nearly half a dozen youth who operate from the second floor of the trust building.Samajwadi Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the centre was established even before the UP assembly elections were held. \"It was initially entrusted with the task to collect information from the SP workers. Now with SP in the power, the centre has expanded its working to receive inputs and suggestions from the people in the day to day working of the government,'' he said. \"The inputs may be helpful in making policy decisions,'' he said.The move is aimed to project a paradigm shift in the approach of the government machinery which, until few months back when Mayawati was in power, was completely inaccessible to the common man. That only discredited the BSP chief who was eventually voted out of power and replaced by Samajwadi Party.No doubt, Akhilesh had realized the importance of his accessibility to the masses soon after assuming the charge of UP chief minister. He was quick to leave open the door of 5-Kalidas Marg to people, who have been thronging the place in an extraordinary large numbers.At the same time, it also projects the inefficiency of the state's bureaucratic set up which has not been able to perform the task as it should have been done, forcing the people to look up to the elected representatives. Ironically, people are only be diverted to the same babus wielding executive powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739080", "title": "University to hold re-exams for Wednesday\u2019s papers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Board of examinations of the University of Mumbai has decided to conduct Wednesday's exams again for those students who missed taking them because of the crippled rail services in Mumbai. Wednesday's paper will be held a day after the particular course's exam concludes.The examination department received information the Institute of Science, Wilson College, Khalsa College and D G Ruparel College where candidates could not reach before 2pm and had to miss their examination at MSc Part-I.\"Less than 100 students were affected because of the disruption in train services. But the exam will be held because we do not want a single student to suffer,\" said pro-vice chancellor Naresh Chandra. University officials said that students who have missed taking the exam must file an application, in case they had not done so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12740808", "title": "DC is on a spree ordering probe into \u2018wrongdoings\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: DC P S Vastrad on Thursday ordered inquiry into alleged administrative and financial irregularities following complaints by public during a phone-in programme at his office. Shivaraj, one of the complainants, charged the officials with misusing funds to get the road works done near a farmhouse belonging to ZP member Chikkannegowda in Heggadadevana Kote taluk. He took objection to the officials' claim that there are no funds for repair of other roads in Annur which are in bad condition.Shivaraj accused the officials of diverting public money, following which the DC asked the ZP CEO to look into the charge and take necessary action against the guilty, if any. Vastrad also took a serious note of the complaint of Ravi from Gandanahalli of KR Nagar, and directed MMCRI dean Dr Geetha Avadhani to address the problem at Cheluvamba Hospital and take measures to prevent harassment being meted out to patients and their relatives at the facility. Vastrad told the dean to put up boards appealing people not to pay money to anyone and to announce the same in loudspeakers at regular intervals.Citing his own experience, Ravi accused the security guards of taking bribe from people to let them inside the hospital.Imtiaz Pasha from Hangod told the DC about the alleged irregularity in the selection of beneficiaries under Indira Awas Yojana, which provides housing for rural poor. \"Without conducting gram sabhas, the list (of beneficiaries) has been prepared, and rich people have been included,\" he said.Ordering an inquiry into it, the DC asked the executive officer concerned to place GP secretary and PDO under suspension if they have violated the norms and favoured anyone in the selection. The DC also directed the officers to make immediate arrangements to provide drinking water to dalit colonies in Gejjana Vaddara Gudi and Kerepura. This follows complaints by Kumara and Shivakumar from HD Kote.Vijaykumar, a physically challenged man from Nagarale of Nanjangud taluk, was asked to meet the tahsildar to get his pension-related grievance solved. Three others from KR Nagar too complained that they are being deprived of pension. Meanwhile, the complaints related to law and order were directed to district police for redressal. DySP Ananda told TOI that they received four complaints - two from Periyapatna and one each from Hunsur and T Narasipura -- on Thursday. Thirty-five complaints, including 13 in phone-in programme alone, were received during the grievances meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12739984", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Families agree to out-of-court settlement with Italy", "text": "KOCHI: More than two months after two Indian fishermen were shot dead, allegedly by Italian naval guards from aboard oil tanker Enrica Lexie, Italian authorities have come forward to settle the compensation claims. Initial reports indicate a compensation of Rs one crore for each victim's family.For the past few days, a team consisting of the Italian defence minister and officials of that country's foreign affairs department had been in talks with counsels representing the dependents of the two fishermen, Valentine Jelestine and Ajeesh Pink, who died in the incident. Italy, incidentally, still claims that its marines were trying to thwart an attempted piracy attack off Kollam coast on February 15.The Italians first approached C Unnikrishnan, counsel for Valentine's wife Dora, with the offer to settle the compensation claims through talks. After initial rounds of discussion with him, the counsel for Ajeesh's two dependent sisters, V M Syamkumar, was also roped in.Along with the two counsels, priests of the two parishes where the fishermen resided also participated in the discussions. The first offer from the Italians was a compensation of Rs 70 lakh each. However, the dependents expressed their unwillingness to settle the claim, following which the offer was raised to Rs one crore each.By Thursday afternoon, Italian authorities and the dependents of the victims arrived at a final decision to settle the compensation claims. Italian officials are planning to implead in the compensation suits at the Kerala high court on Friday morning as only the ship owners have been made a party as of now. Following this, both sides are planning to approach the court with a joint application to refer the matter for mediation through lok adalat.The owners of the ship had earlier put forward an informal offer of Rs 35 lakh as compensation for the family of each victim but the offer was rejected outright by the dependents. The ship owners didn't revise their offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740413", "title": "Cops form panel to probe \u2018black sheep\u2019", "text": "The reputation of the Mumbai police has taken a beating after the discovery that one of its own, an inspector related to Vijay Palande, had been abetting his nefarious activities. Police chief Arup Patnaik has ordered the identification of police officers who are known to maintain a rapport with gangsters and history-sheeters. The list will be forwarded to the state, and will be discussed with the home minister, said a senior officer.Patnaik will ask for their transfer from the city. Palande had borrowed the inspector's Mahindra Xylo to transport Arunkumar Tikku's body parts from his flat. The plan failed when neighbours raised an alarm, forcing Palande's associates to flee and leave the car behind.Two officers are under a cloud after their involvement in at least two recent cases. For instance, ACP Anil Mahabole-who was booked in a rape case on April 17-had allegedly played a role in an extortion case involving gangster Dawood Ibrahim's sister Hasina Parkar. In January 2010, five officers, including a deputy commissioner , were suspended for attending a party hosted by don Chhota Rajan's associate D K Rao.\"There's a thin line between informants and officers. Many officers cross that line for personal gain,\" said the officer. Patnaik has formed a panel under a joint commissioner to look into this. A senior officer said, \"We want to keep such black sheep out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12738807", "title": "Solar-powered water pumps to be set up in Nashik district", "text": "NASHIK: The Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) plans to install 18 solar-powered water pumps in the district, along with 82 electricity-powered solar pumps to enable lifting of water from borewells at the cost of Rs 2.95 crore.Senior geologist from GSDA Trupti Kamble said, \"After the successful running of solar-powered dual pumps at Daregaon near Malegaon, the GSDA has decided to provide solar-powered pumps to villages that have no power now. Eighteen such villages have been identified and will be provided with the scheme.\"The dual system borewell concept was designed to enable villagers to extract water from more than 120ft below the surface. \"Though borewells are deeper, drawing water from this depth is difficult. For this, GSDA has introduced the dual pump system, which has 1HP submersible water pump,\" junior geologist Yogesh Pachchhapurkar said.The dual pump system included pipes, an electric motor and 5,000-litre storage water tank costing Rs 2.5 lakh and if the unit is solar powered, it will cost Rs 5 lakh. The same borewells are also recharged by using the rooftop water harvesting method.The water collected in this manner during the rainy season is fed to a specially designed filter that blocks all impurities from recharging the well. This would help in consolidating the water table in the area.Four villages in Malegaon, three in Baglan, two each in Trimbakeshwar, Niphad, Nashik, Peth, and one each in Surgana, Nandgaon and Sinnar have been included for the solar-powered projects. Dual pumps using conventional electricity planned for 82 villages will cost Rs 2.05 crore. \"The central government will fund the programme under the National Rural Drinking Water Programme and the work on the project will begin by April-end,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kaithal", "code": "12740618", "title": "Hockey players double up as farm labourers in Haryana", "text": "KAITHAL: Government apathy has left them to wield sickles instead of hockey sticks. A bunch of girl hockey players are forced to take a break from their training session to harvest crops as labourers to ensure the annual quota of grain for their families in Barsana of Kaithal village.The girls - Dimple, Sonia, Ritu, Reena, Pooja, Sonia and Nisha - are key part of Himachal Pradesh's women hockey team and have played at the national level. Belonging to poor families, these girls were even allegedly ignored in Haryana after which they had to shift to neighbouring Himachal to make their mark. They have been representing Himachal team for last 10 years and are being trained at the Sports Authority of India's nursery in Dharamshala.However, these days, they can be spotted with sickles in the fields. The family of Dimple and Pooja owns agriculture land and work in their own farms. The other five girls, who belong to landless families, get harvesting work as labourers in the village.Nisha's father Deva Singh, who is employed at a petrol pump station, said, \"We are landless and earn a living by working at a petrol pump. But my income is not enough to feed the entire family so we harvest crops in the fields of land owning farmers who give us annual quota of grain in lieu of our labour. My daughter too has taken a break to help us in this work so that we can finish our harvesting assignment early.\"Reetu, whose elder sister Poonam has also played at the national level, said, \"If we do not come here during this season, how will our family arrange grain for the whole year.\"Poonam said that apart from sports facilities, the government should also ensure a source of income to free them of poverty fetters.Shamsher Singh, father of the sisters, said, \"I am proud of my daughters who don't feel ashamed even though we ask them for help in harvesting work. Garnering grain stock for one is most essential for us and I encourage the girls to play and get training rest of the year.\"Apart from hockey, dozens of girls of the village have won medals in various athletic events and soft ball. Kuldeep Singh, sports instructor in the village government senior secondary school, said,\"The village has no infrastructure for sports.\" Echoing similar sentiments, the village sarpanch, Satpal Singh demanded a stadium for sports activities in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739435", "title": "Bomb alert, panic at city airport keeps cops busy for six hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city airport, on Thursday received an unexpected group of panicked passengers. A Delhi bound flight originating from Mumbai made an emergency landing at the Ahmedabad airport after the pilot received an urgent message that alerted of a bomb in the plane. The Jet Airways plane bearing flight number 9w2237, however, resumed its course after the officials did not find any bomb after a search that lasted several hours.The plane took off from the Mumbai airport at 2:50 am. After almost an hour-long flight, at 3:25 am, the pilots received an urgent message which alerted that there is a bomb in the flight. The pilot contacted Ahmedabad airport and sought permission for emergency landing. After quick coordination with ATC officials at the Ahmedabad airport, the plane landed at the 3:35 am.As the panic-gripped 166 passengers who were on board disembarked the plane, fire fighters and bomb experts rushed to the spot. \"The bomb disposal squad of the Gujarat police was immediately alerted and other necessary preparations were made as soon as we got to know about the emergency,\" said Ahmedabad airport director, R K Singh.\"The bomb disposal squad along with other experts conducted a thorough search that lasted several hours. However, in the end, nothing threatening was found. After clearance from the search teams, passengers got back on the plane which took off for Delhi at around 8 am,\" said a senior official at the airport who witnessed the incident.The Ahmedabad airport recently acquired a dog squad that consists of four pups. The service of the dog squad was, however, also partly used in the search process as the pups are not yet fully grown up and have not completed their training.Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) will be enquiring into the matter to find details like why the alert message was sent to the pilots and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739333", "title": "Maharashtra to acquire 33% mill land", "text": "MUMBAI: The government will soon begin acquiring 33% of the land belonging to Bombay Dyeing Mills Ltd for the purpose of constructing houses for mill-workers.During the question hour in the legislative assembly on Thursday, opposition leader Eknath Khadse said mill-owners had reduced the number of looms from 36 to eight and had 63 workers to operate them. Around 1,800 workers have been removed through VRS. \"Mill owners continue to operate the eight looms only to avoid handing over 33% of the land to the state. But they have undertaken the construction of a mall,\" he said.Agreeing with Khadse, labour minister Hasan Mushrif said mill owner had not even sought a no-objection certificate from the labour department before starting on the work on the mall. \"We will immediately issue a stop-work notice and initiate the process of acquiring 33% of the mill land to build homes for workers,\" he said. Mushrif also assured Khadse the dues of the 63 workers would be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739734", "title": "Enforcement Directorate team starts ground work for crackdown against accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Enforcement Directorate team on Thursday started paper work to seek appropriate court orders to proceed against the accused who have been chargesheeted by the CBI in the NRHM case.A two-member ED team from Delhi reached Lucknow on Thursday to take stock of the progress in the case. Though the directorate described the visit of the top officials as a routine one, sources said that the team also took up the 14 cases that the ED has lodged in connection with the scam.The ED had lodged 14 cases related to money-laundering against the accused on Tuesday. According to a senior official, the ED is depending largely on the CBI investigations against the accused regarding their assets. \"This will help to save time and manpower, which the directorate would have to spare to re-probe into the assets of the accused,\" said an ED official.Sources said after going through the documentations made available by the CBI, the ED is believed to have shortlisted half a dozen names who have foreign connections or have been in touch with international contacts, particularly when the NRHM scam was being committed between 2007 and 2009. Senior IAS officer and former principal secretary, family welfare, Pradeep Shukla, reportedly tops this list of accused, sources said and added, \"Shukla is known to have made more than half a dozen foreign trips.\"Meanwhile, the special CBI court in Ghaziabad granted interim provisional bail to one of the NRHM accused Abhay Bajpayee - the general manager (GM) of Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Corporation (UPSIC). The court however turned down the bail plea of former director general (DG), Health and Family Welfare Department Dr SP Ram. The two were arrested by the CBI and are presently lodged at Ghaziabad district jail (Dasna Jail) under judicial custody. Bajpayee had emerged as the first accused that the CBI had named in its records related to the NRHM scam and was arrested on January 6, 2012.Special CBI judge AK Singh rejected the bail plea of Dr SP Ram stating that the charges against him are of very serious nature and there is scope for him to influence the investigations, is he is granted bail. The court denied him bail on these grounds and said that he will face trial from the jail itself.The court took up the bail application of Dr SP Ram on Wednesday but reserved its order. The court had however granted provisional bail to Bajpayee as \"interim relief\". However, possibilities of Bajpayee being arrested again were high, as he has been named as an accused in four cases and arrested in only one of them. Three of these cases are lodged at the Delhi headquarters of CBI, while one is with the agency's zonal headquarters in Lucknow.Possibilities of the CBI arresting Bajpayee immediately after his arrest are high, as the agency does not want to send a message that they were going soft on the NRHM accused in any way. Sources in the CBI said a final decision on the arrest of Bajpayee is likely to be taken very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12739690", "title": "Punish Alagiri men or I will quit: Stalin", "text": "MADURAI: In a move that could further fuel the sibling rivalry in the DMK, showcause notices have been issued to 17 supporters of M K Alagiri, Union minister and party strongman, for not attending a public meeting convened by his younger brother M K Stalin.They have been asked to submit their explanation within a week's time for not attending the April 14 meeting, which was organized to condemn the recent power tariff hike in the state, announced recently by the ruling AIADMK. Stalin reportedly said if action was not taken against those who boycotted the meeting, he would step down as party treasurer, party sources said.Against this backdrop, showcause notices were issued on Wednesday to the 17, all party office bearers in Madurai, which is Alagiri's home turf. Alagiri, the second son of DMK president M Karunanidhi, is said to have been instrumental in broadening DMK's base in south Tamil Nadu, once considered an AIADMK bastion.The succession war always dominated the party affairs with Alagiri, considered party's strongman in the south, opposing any change in the party leadership. Alagiri had openly said in the past, if a need arose,he would contest for the party leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12744831", "title": "Ali Zafar to become Shahid Kapoor's big brother", "text": "It's final. Ali Zafar will play Shahid Kapoor's Bade Bhai in the much talked-about Hindi remake of last year's Tamil blockbuster Vettai. Madhavan who played the Bade Bhai's part in the original is out of the Hindi remake of Vettai.Speaking ruefully from Chennai director N. Linguswamy who helms both the Tamil and Hindi remake of Vettai says, \"Madhavan is out of the country for three months (getting his knees treated).We can't wait. Shahid Kapoor has been finalized to play the younger brother. We're going ahead with Ali Zafar for the other hero's role.\"Interestingly there was a 10-year age-gap between screen brothers Madhavan and Arya in Vettai. Ali Zafar who will play Shahid's elder brother in the remake is hardly a year older than Shahid.When we made inquiries about how this skimpy age-difference would be covered in the remake, a source close to the project informed, \"Ali may be just a year older. But he played Imran Khan's elder brother in Mere Brother Ki Dulhan . Maddy (Madhavan) suggested Lingu (swamy) take a look at Ali and Imran's bhai-bhai act. That's how Ali came into the picture.\"Ali, who is now wrapping up another remake, that of Chashme Buddoor , for David Dhawan would be meeting his screen brother shortly.As for the leading ladies, Linguswamy bursts the Bollywood bubble by saying he has so far not finalized any actress.What about reports that Asin has turned down the Hindi remake of Vettai? \"We haven't even approached her,\" informed Linguswamy tersely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739224", "title": "'Dead' man facing theft charges held after 6 years", "text": "JAIPUR: A 55- year old man accused of burglary cases whose family had given his death certificate to evade his arrest was finally arrested by the police after six years from Ajmeri gate area during wee hours on Thursday.The accused Kalu Ram was wanted by Sanganer, Shivdaspura and Chaksu police station areas since 2006 when he escaped while he was being taken to a court. In order to evade arrest and to save themselves from the police questioning on his whereabouts the family got his death certificate on April, 27, 2011. Later the family produced the copy of the death certificate at various police stations where he was wanted.\"After getting his death certificate which was made by one Karma Devi the Sarpanch of Kathiyawala village near Chaksu(Outskirts) of Jaipur all the cases against him were closed by respective police stations,\" said a police officer from Chaksu police station on Thursday.But, a twist was waiting for Kalu Ram. He was a street dweller at Ajmeri gate area and had shared about his past to a few people he knew along with whom he was selling balloons to earn his livelihood.\"We got information that the man who was considered as dead by us is alive and would be at Ajmeri gate a team of police in plain cloths visited Ajmeri gate area. After the verification that he was the man who is an accused of burglary in several cases we have arrested him,\" said the officer.Police will also find out if the Sarpanch of the village who issued his family the death certificate could be booked for criminal conspiracy(120-B of IPC),Kaluram was presented before a local court on Thursday and the court has sent him to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12739957", "title": "MLA acts tough against erring doctor", "text": "FAIZABAD: Samajwadi Party MLA from Ayodhya, Tej Narayan Pandey along with government officials, sealed the private clinic of a government doctor.Pandey on Thursday, while visiting the Faizabad district hospital found a long queue outside the room of Dr RB Varma, a skin specialist, while the doctor was not in the room. Patients waiting for Varma complained that Varma does not come to hospital, instead he runs his own clinic and charges heavy sum of money and recommends expensive medicines, which are being sold by his own chemist shop located inside the clinic.Pandey summoned the chief medical officer of Faizabad and he along with CMO and a magistrate raided the Dr Varma's clinic, where they found many patients who told that they went to district hospital for treatment, but Varma's staff forced them to go to his private clinic.The team along with MLA Pandey and CMO raided the clinic and they sealed his clinic.CMO Faizabad, Dr AC Tiwari, said, \"It is a fact that Varma was practicing at his private clinic and was not coming to hospital. Before, we reached there someone from hospital informed Varma about our raid, so he ran away from his clinic. We also found prescription pads, a chemist shop and many patients there. We have sealed Varma's clinic and we are also writing to the department for actions against him. During the MLA's visit, another ENT specialist Dr SP Rai was also not found at his hospital room.\"Reacting to his sudden visit, MLA Tej Narayan Pandey said, \"We fought the elections promising to provide the best health services to the common man, so it is my duty to ensure the same to the public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "12739867", "title": "White Revolution II: \u2018Mission Milk\u2019 launched from Anand", "text": "ANAND: The first phase of National Dairy Plan (NDP), the ambitious scheme to double India's milk production, was launched at the headquarters of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) in the country's milk capital here on Thursday.Launched as 'Mission Milk', NDP proposes to usher in country's second White Revolution. Since 1998, India has already emerged as world's largest milk producer.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar unveiled the national plan in the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi. In the first phase, which is spread across six years and with a financial outlay of Rs 2,242 crore, NDP is aimed at increasing the productivity of milch animals through a scientifically planned multi-state initiative.According to NDDB chairperson Amrita Patel, the demand for milk is projected to be around 200 million tonnes in 2021-22, as against the production of 122.8 million tonnes in 2010-11. \"It is necessary to maintain annual growth of over four per cent for the next 15 years to meet the estimated demand,\" she said.NDP I will be implemented in 14 major milk producing states, including Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal. It is being financed largely with loan from International Development Association (IDA) of World Bank and implemented by NDDB through End Implementing Agencies located in the states.Total financial outlay for entire NDP spread over 15 years tenure is Rs 17,300 crore. \"If all the states support this project and make the implementation of the first phase successful, the World Bank has assured us that it will not hesitate in expediting further support for the next phases,\" Pawar said, addressing mediapersons after the function.The dairy sector at present contributes six per cent to country's GDP and 26 per cent to agriculture GDP.In phase one, NDP envisages production of 2,500 high genetic merit and disease free cattle and buffalo bulls of different breeds using internationally established practices of progeny testing and pedigree selection and import of 400 Jersey and Holstein Friesian bulls.It also intends to raise the proportion of milch animals bred through artificial insemination from 20 per cent to 35 per cent over the six-year project period. Various A and B graded semen stations in the country would also be strengthened for production of about 100 million doses for use by semen stations across the country. A pilot model to demonstrate viable and sustainable artificial insemination delivery service that follows standard operating procedures will also be funded under the NDP, to reach 4 million artificial insemination deliveries per annum by the end of NDP.In order to maximise the genetic potential of milch animals, an initiative to educate farmers on feeding their animals a balanced ration will be carried out by 40,000 local resource persons.Steps will be taken to expand village based procurement systems by strengthening existing cooperatives and facilitating the setting up of producer companies or new generation cooperatives. It is expected about 1.2 million milk producers in 23,800 additional villages will be covered in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739764", "title": "Burmese refugees pitch tents in Vasant Vihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of men, women and children from Myanmar have spent the past one week camping on the pavements and by-lanes around the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) at Vasant Vihar seeking refugee status. Meanwhile, residents in the area complain that ever since the UNHCR office was established in the area, they have had little peace.\"We do sympathize with the poor people seeking refugee status, as it is hard for people to live in the country without support. But the UN must work out a system whereby these people are housed temporarily so that they are not on the streets. Ever since the UNHCR office has been established in our area, the peace and quiet has completely vanished from our locality, with people out on the streets at 3am,\" says A K Seth, head of the homeopathy department at Ganga Ram Hospital.The refugees currently camping on the streets of Vasant Vihar belong to the Rohingya community, a predominantly Muslim sect that is being persecuted in Burma. \"The Burmese Junta has shot and killed our people on the suspicion that they did not support the military regime. My uncle was killed by them,\" says Zia Ur Rahman, a refugee who now lives in Muzaffanagar in UP. Many are living in Jammu. Some are in other parts of the country such as Hyderabad.\"We have been given an Aslyum Seeker card and not a Refugee card by UNHCR. This deprives us of the money and facilities given to refugees. We are living a hand-to-mouth existence. Many of our people are either begging for money in India or working as rag-pickers. If we do not get refugee status, we want the government to send us to another country where we can live as refugees. Many from Afghanistan, Somalia and even Burma have been given refugee status to India and are living in much better conditions than us,\" said Rahman. Many complain that they have been interviewed 10 or 20 times and yet been denied refugee status. They say they have been denied a life of dignity, with little access to health and education. Men in their seventies and eighties said they begged for a living in Kashmir.\"Our core mandate is to protect people and ensure that they are not forced to go to a country where their lives are in danger, or arbitrarily detained. An asylum seeker card protects them on both counts. There are different approaches to treating refugees in India. For this group of people, we believe the asylum-seeker status protects their interests,\" says Nayana Bose, associate external relations officer with UNHCR.As for the right to health-care and education, she says this is available for everybody. They can access free education in government schools. The UNHCR is currently in the midst of a dialogue with the Rohingya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12737778", "title": "Platform tickets to cost Rs 5 from May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready to pay Rs 5 for platform tickets from next month.Though railway minister Mukul Roy rolled back hike in passenger fares in most of the categories, it seems the increase in rate of platform tickets skipped his attention.Railways on Wednesday issue a circular to implement the decision announced in railway budget by his predecessor Dinesh Trivedi by directing all general managers to ensure platform tickets are sold for Rs 5 from May 1. Now, a platform ticket costs Rs 3.This move has inadvertently made journey tickets cheaper than platform tickets. Interestingly, if you buy a journey ticket it is valid for 24 hours, but a platform ticket costs Rs 5 and is valid only for two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738382", "title": "HC seeks records of Pathak case", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the special CBI court to send all the relevant records relating to Rupam Pathak case to it. The HC's order followed the filing of a criminal appeal by Pathak in the HC challenging her conviction by the special CBI court earlier this month.Special CBI court judge Bashishth Narayan Singh had on April 10 awarded life imprisonment to Pathak for stabbing to death Purnia BJP MLA Raj Kishore Kesri on January 4, 2011. Pathak's lawyer Dinesh Kumar said that the HC also said that after the receipt of the records from the CBI court, bail application filed by Pathak would be heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739329", "title": "Allow mining with riders, suggests Central Empowered Committee", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court's Central Empowered Committee has recommended resuming mining in Karnataka with caveats, giving the steel industry a fillip.The CEC on Thursday said 38 of 45 category 'A' mines and some category 'B' mines may resume mining and e-auction ore.B S Yeddyurappa will be all eyes as the SC's green bench may decide on Friday whether the CEC's recommendations hold water to order a CBI probe. The ex-CM and his kin are facing charges of receiving Rs 339 crore in illegal mining cases.The CEC recommended disallowing mining along the the Andhra border. It said 5.05 lakh tonnes of ore in Bellary stockyards be e-auctioned and start rehabilitation immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12739386", "title": "Pakistan rules out unilateral Siachen withdrawal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Thursday ruled out any unilateral withdrawal of troops from Siachen a day after army chief Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani suggested demilitarization of the world's highest battlefield.\"We are not thinking of any unilateral redeployment of troops. Pakistani has made several proposals to resolve the military standoff on Siachen, including a proposal for mutual re-deployment of troops,'' Pakistan's foreign office spokesman Muazzam Khan told reporters. He said Pakistan is ready for talks on the issue but there is no change in its stance.Khan's comments come days after former prime minister Nawaz Sharif called for a unilateral withdrawal from Siachen amid outpouring of grief as over 100 soldiers remain buried under an avalanche at Gayari near Siachen after an avalanche slammed into Pakistan army's highest headquarters on April 7.The tragedy has led to calls for an early resolution of the Siachen issue.Kayani visited Gayari along with president Asif Ali Zardari on Wednesday and highlighted the need to solve the issue so that the two countries can spend money on the welfare of their people.Observers link Kayani's flexibility to the Gayari tragedy. \"Kayani made such a statement as the impact of the incident was so big. He would not have made it if the tragedy had not happened,\" said defence analyst Hasan Askiri Rizvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740303", "title": "Central Railway may not keep schedule for five days", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway commuters can expect the rough time to last till next week. Punctuality of trains on the suburban rail system will remain affected for more than five to six days even if authorities manage to run 100% of the services on Thursday. CR is expected to ply 95% of the suburban services on Thursday. Full restoration is expected by evening.Apart from moving in straight directions, trains also change tracks. The spot at which the diversion is created is called a point. This little portion of the track is critical and carries a potential risk if not properly controlled.However, a senior official said, \"Points at which a train cross tracks are still clamped. As of now, trains can move only in a linear, to-and-fro direction . Until the signals for points and crossings do not get activated and tested under traffic, a train will not be able to switch tracks.\"Kurla has a complicated layout as more than 900 trains, including goods and mail express trains, pass from this spot. Besides being a junction station, Kurla also has a maintenance yard with a capacity to berth nine rakes. The official said, \"Trains that terminate or originate at Kurla cannot be moved out or taken into the yard as the points have been clamped, preventing switchover of tracks. These trains will have to be taken north of Kurla to make them switch tracks. Moreover, sidings for rakes headed to the Kurla yard will have to be provided at Kalwa or Sanpada. \"Trains that originate at Kurla will have to ply from these stations , which, apart from being time-consuming , will also block the path of trains in the route, thereby disturbing the timetable.\"Sources said as point signals are not functional, all goods traffic has come to halt since Wednesday. On an average , six to seven goods trains enter Mumbai everyday to reach Mumbai Port Trust and Mahul. The official said, \"Major work to restore point signals will have to be taken in a few days. Some work can be carried out by taking blocks during the night time. However , officials at the site will have to check the working of the system under traffic to ascertain its reliability. This exercise can affect the smooth movement of trains.\"Nearly, 25-30 points and 60 signals have been affected in the zone. Around 60 pointsmen have been deployed on the ground to monitor the points.Man slips under train at CSTA commuter sustained injuries after he slipped into the gap between the train and the platform at CST on Thursday evening. The Government Railway Police (GRP) was alerted by other passengers and the victim was brought out from below the train. The incident took place around 6 pm on the harbour line on CST's platform 1. The victim was rushed to the St George Hospital and is yet to be identified. TNNRooftop WR traveller sustains burnsA commuter was thrown off the roof of a local at Bandra after he suffered an electric shock on Thursday evening. Bandra government railway police officials said Hussain Shaikh (24) had superficial burns. \"He was seated on the roof of a Virar-bound fast local, with two others, on platform four. At 6.50pm, he came in contact with OHE wires. He was rushed to Bhabha Hospital,\" a GRP official said. The train was delayed for 10 minutes.Signal Status70% of 68 affected signals were in working condition on Thursday. Except for a few signals on the Down (Thane-bound ) fast line, most of the other signals were working. Trains were running at 40 kmph in the affected zoneThursday's ServicesCR claimed it ran 85% of total services. It means around 200 services were cancelled on Thursday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738941", "title": "Petrol pumps to be shut on Monday", "text": "CHENNAI: Motorists in the state would be advised to fill up their tanks before midnight on Monday.The petroleum dealers of the state-owned oil companies will observe a token one-day strike from midnight on Sunday in support of their various demands, including a higher commission, as part of a nationwide protest.Addressing reporters on Thursday, Tamil Nadu Petroleum Dealers Association President M Kannan urged the government to review the commission granted to dealers every six months and to allow them to levy a charge for facilities now offered free.He said the recommended increase in the commission was 393 a kilo litre for petrol and 170 a kilo litre for diesel, while the ministry gave 281 a kilo litre for petrol and 155 a kilo litre for diesel.Among other demands is the immediate implementation of the recommendations of the committee constituted by the ministry of petroleum on September 18, 2010.\"The mushrooming of retail outlets should be stopped. This is being done by oil companies without any practicability, inviting applications for new retail outlets. So far more than 4,500 new retail outlets have been called for by all the major oil companies,\" Kannan said.He said owners of the existing outlets feared that if new outlets are opened and many dealerships would vanish. There are 300 retail outlets in the city and 3,100 in the state. Kannan said facilities such as air, water and restrooms had been offered free until now. But the cost of maintaining them had gone up and would have to be passed on the consumer, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739644", "title": "Delhi University to send students on India Tour this July", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University plans to send 1,000 students on a unique India experience this July. The Indian Railways will run a special train, DU Gyan Uday Express, for the university students, which will take them on a guided tour of five destinations across the country.Sources revealed that the tour is being scheduled for the second week of July this year. Officials said a 1,000 college students who are part of the National Service Scheme and National Cadet Corps will be given the opportunity to be part of this tour. The students will travel to Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Goa, Bangalore and Wardha.While the university has prepared a detailed plan of the tour, it is likely to officially announce the scheme next week. The procedure for application and selection will be uploaded on the university website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738580", "title": "Mikoshi comes to Kochi streets to gather goodwill, prayers", "text": "KOCHI: Trumpets blared, drumbeats echoed through the streets and people of Mattancherry were greeted by a unique sight on Thursday.A group of Japanese in ethnic dress were shouting slogans and dancing in the streets conveying the plight of tsunami victims.They carried a portable shrine called 'Mikoshi' (divine palanquin) while attracting a substantial crowd. Soon the local community blended in for a different cause altogether.Mikoshi or the portable shrine is a wooden structure that is four metre long, one metre wide and two metre high.Mikoshi is carried around the world to garner prayers for the fast recovery of tsunami victims who are still struggling with their lives.The group is part of Peace boat, a Japan-based international non-governmental and non-profit organization that reached Mattancherry after they began their global peace voyage on January 24.The group also included 10 members of the non-profit organization 'On the road' from Japan's tsunami-hit.Mikoshi was decorated with various articles from places visited during the voyage.Wooden blocks with writings in various languages from well-wishers, coins from different countries and artifacts adorned the structure.The locals here extended their support by writing messages and attaching Indian rupee coins to the front end of the structure.Since its inception in 1983, Peace Boat has been working towards raising awareness and building connections internationally among groups that work for peace, human rights, environmental protection and sustainable development.\"We perform to spread our message,\" said Soghava and Mao, two members of the group.Later in the evening, members of the Peace Boat participated in a get-together at TDM Hall, sharing memories and exchanging experiences.The group will now head to Singapore and later to Taiwan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740902", "title": "Arts College gears up for celebrations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As Chandigarh College of Arts prepares to celebrate its diamond jubilee convocation on April 20, Pradyumna Vyas, an eminent designer-cum-director of National Institute of Design, has joined in to make the celebration a learning experience. With over 27 years of professional and teaching experience, he has come to the city to enlighten students about the scope and areas that need to be looked into.Talking about why designing couldn't grow in India, he said, \"There is lack of awareness of scope and fields related to design which is why not many opt for it. However, there are more NID's coming up in different parts of the country including one in Kurukshetra, Haryana.\"He also stressed on the need of designing in different sectors like transport and health. \"It's sad that the word \"designer\" is associated with luxury and limited to the elite class. We need to focus at the bottom of the pyramid and design things that will cater to the needs of underprivileged. A designer should not mean luxurious, instead it should stand for cheap and best. The design should be such that it should provide a solution to everybody's needs and not just to the elite. Also when combined with technology and context it should enhance the respective field.\" He also emphasized on the need to change the perception of the people.Other than Vyas, the arts college has also invited some of the old faculty and principals of the college for the occasion. The college also plans to honoring a senior teacher of the college, Professor Raj Jain. \"He retired in 1989 and was one of the most loved teacher in college. He has served the college for nearly 30 years,\" said D S Kapoor, principal of the college.Students of BFA, MFA and special diploma of the session 2010-11 will receive their degrees and Roll of Honour on this day. Leading artists of the city have also been invited for the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12739741", "title": "Robbers kill watchman in attempt to steal ATM", "text": "BHARUCH: Four unidentified robbers, in their attempt to steal an ATM of State Bank of India, shot dead a watchman at Sajod village in Ankleshwar on Wednesday night. The miscreants, however, left without the machine as local people rushed in large numbers to the site on hearing the sound of pistol firing, police said. The robbers had used a .32 country-made pistol in the robbery.SBI officials told reporters that the ATM had Rs 6 lakh in it. A watchman had been recently posted at the ATM centre.Police said, \"Four robbers fired at watchman Arun Adhvariyu at about 2:30 am on Wednesday, injuring him seriously. The robbers didn't allow him to come out of the booth even as they tried to steal the machine. However by then, on hearing the sound of firing, a few villagers had rushed to the ATM centre. They pelted stones at the robbers. But the robbers still managed to escape.\"On April 3, an ATM of State Bank of India was stolen from Bharuch-Dahej Bypass Road. The ATM had Rs 21.86 lakh. There were no CCTV cameras at the ATM centre.An ATM costs Rs 4.5 lakh. \"Robbers damaged the machine but failed to steal it. A case has been lodged with the Ankleshwar rural police station,\" said M P Bhojani, inspector crime branch, Bharuch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12739892", "title": "Newly weds\u2019 vehcile attacked in city, 6 arrested", "text": "RAJKOT: People in large number on Thursday took out a rally against alleged police failure to check anti-social elements and their activities in the city. They wanted immediate arrest of all those who had carried out an attack on the car carrying a newly-wedded couple here on Tuesday.Hardik Kamani, an industrialist, was driving in his car Amit and his wife Rakshita for a reception being held to celebrate the couple's marriage at Patel Party Plot. When the car reached Ranchoddas Bapu's Ashram in the city, a motorcycle collided with the vehicle. Hardik came out of the car and asked the biker to drive carefully. The reprimand from Hardik made the biker angry who called his friends on mobile. They all then tailed the car and stopped it mid-way. The biker and his friends ransacked the car and threatened Hardik, Amit and Rakshita.Hardik tried to escape in his car but was caught in the city outskirts. The car was attacked again, sources said. This incident left Patels infuriated as the victims belonged to their community. They took out a rally and also met the police commissioner to demand immediate arrest of the accused, sources added.Police later arrested six people and also seized their bikes. Those arrested were identified as Sanni Kakkad, Gopal Jograna, Vala Jograna, Mala Koli, Lakhdhir Jograna and Lakhdhir Bharwad. The City's B division police have begun investigation into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739625", "title": "No MNS fest at Shivaji Park: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Thursday dismissed the party's plea seeking use of Shivaji Park for a seven-day Marathi food festival. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an application filed by corporator Sandeep Deshpande saying the festival is part of the Maharashtra Day celebrations.Deshpande moved the HC after the BMC rejected permission saying that the park is a silence zone and non-sports activities are not permitted.Wecom Trust and Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) submitted that sports activities will be affected and the ground will be damaged due to setting up of stalls and a tent. Wecom's advocate Pheroze Palkhiwalla submitted that if the MNS is allowed then any other political party or individual cannot be denied permission to food festivals. The judges took note and concluded that there is no merit in Deshpande's application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738657", "title": "Breakthrough in lake suicides", "text": "HYDERABAD: Strained marital ties and poverty seem to be the prime reasons for a suicide pact involving six persons, whose bodies were found floating in Saroornagar lake on Wednesday. The Cyberabad police on Thursday identified the bodies as that of three sisters and three children from Asifnagar.The Saroornagar police said that the six, three sisters, Arunavathi, 35, Swarnavathi, 25, and Amaravathi, 22, and three children, Harika, 9, Bhavani, 5, and Shravani, 3, were identified based on a tailor's bill and a visiting card on them. The three children were daughters of Arunavathi.Of the three sisters, Arunavathi and Swarnavathi were married, while Amaravathi was a spinster.\"The family members of the victims said for the past few months Arunavathi and Swarnavathi had been having problems with their husbands. As a result, they began staying at their mother's residence in Asifnagar. On Monday, the three sisters along with the children went missing. Their bodies were found floating on Wednesday,'' Saroornagar inspector AVR Narasimha Rao said.Police added that during the investigation they recovered gutka packets, a tailor's bill and a kirana store visiting card. Based on the phone numbers on the bill and visiting card, they were able to identify the six.\"The phone number on the bill turned out to be that of their brother. When the photographs of the bodies were shown to them, the family members recognised the victims,\" police said. Anasuya, the mother of the three sisters, blamed Bhoomaiah, husband of Arunavathi, and Balaraju, husband of Swarnavathi, for the tragedy as they had been harassing her two daughters for long.Police have launched a hunt to nab the duo. The family was also in debts, cops added. \"It is still a mystery why they chose Saroornagar lake for committing suicide,\" the inspector said.Meanwhile, an unidentified body of a woman was recovered from Kapra lake on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "12741101", "title": "Maoists produce MLA in 'praja court'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/KORAPUT: The Odisha government on Thursday indicated possible release of abducted BJD legislator Jhina Hikaka by the Maoists anytime. \"We hope to get some positive response from them (Maoists) today (Thursday),\" state home secretary Upendra Behera told media persons in Bhubaneswar.The government's hope reportedly stemmed from reports reaching the state capital that the Maoists began their much-hyped \"praja court\" (people's court) in the morning to decide whether or not to release Hikaka. Sources said the court was held at a place about 2 km from Balipeta in Koraput district's Narayanpatna area.Family members of incarcerated Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) activists also participated in the \"praja court\", sources added.They said the Maoists had all but decided to leave Hikaka, but they were waiting for CMAS leader Nachika Linga to reach there. Linga was reportedly not interested to be part of the Maoist praja court because he had earlier denied having any links either with the extremists or kidnapping of the MLA.Linga had also announced that none of the CMAS prisoners would move bail and wanted the government to withdraw cases against them on its own. Linga himself has several cases pending against him and the police are searching for him with a non-bailable warrant. The CMAS leader was hopeful of simultaneously getting relief if the government withdraws cases against all the prisoners belonging to his organization. But the 13 names the state government announced on Wednesday against whom cases would be withdrawn in exchange of freedom for the MLA did not have Linga's name.Also a big omission in the list was of Gananath Patra, adviser of CMAS, who is now in jail. This has fuelled speculation that the Maoists keeping in mind CMAS leaders' feeling might delay Hikaka's release by a few days by which time they could try to arm twist the government further to withdraw more cases.\"Patra was in the top of the list whose release was sought by the Maoists in exchange of the MLA. And now his name is missing from the list it may pose problem for early release of the MLA,\" a source said. \"The abduction of the MLA is a good opportunity for the CMAS to pressurize the government to meet some of its serious demands. The CMAS may not get such an opportunity in future to coerce the government to withdraw cases against Linga. So, the Sangh may try to convince the Maoists not to free the legislator unless their demands are meet,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740892", "title": "Police stumble upon kingpin\u2019s cellphone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the racket of 'maid on order', which came to light on April 5, police finally claimed to have made some headway after hitting a dead end by recovering cellphone of the main accused, Gaurav Kumar, 33, who is still absconding.Police said Gaurav stayed at Baljit Nagar locality of New Delhi and during a raid at his house police have recovered his handset, photograph and letterheads of fake companies. Gaurav had duped at least a dozen families of Chandigarh and one of Panchkula of Rs 20,000 to Rs 35,000 each by providing a crooked maid.\"Gaurav is the kingpin and was running this scam from Delhi. On the basis of interrogation of the already arrested accused, we located his house in Delhi and conducted a raid. We found his cellphone, photograph and many objectionable documents, including fake identity cards, address proofs and letterheads,\" Gurmukh Singh, investigating officer of the case, told TOI.\"While scrutinizing his call details, we have found that he was in touch with residents of Chandigarh. These could be his probable clients and we are looking into it. He had married a Radhika, 22, and was sending her as maid at victims' houses in Chandigarh,\" stated Singh.Police said Gaurav was a notorious criminal and he was frequently changing his address in Delhi. Now, police is suspecting that he could have run away in Uttar Pradesh or in Rajasthan.According to cops, the victim families belong to rich class of Chandigarh and they had approached Gaurav on his number that was given on newspaper advertisements and pamphlets.So far, police have arrested four persons, including two women. This gang was active in Chandigarh for the last nearly one-year and they were deliberately dropping maid late in the evening at victim's house so that her police verification could not be done the same day. The tout took the amount in advance after making a fake agreement and the maid disappeared the same day with the valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12740010", "title": "Cycle inc gears up for Chinese inspiration", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of 64 cycle industrialists, including three women entrepreneurs, is gearing up to visit China for an international cycle show that will organized from April 26-29. The visit is to help industrialists pick tips that will help improve the industry in Ludhiana. The entrepreneurs are also demanding a subsidy for the trip under the international cooperation scheme.''This is a three-day international cycle show in Shanghai that will be attended by entrepreneurs from 80 countries of the world. It is the world's biggest cycle show and would provide a big opportunity for a great exposure to entrepreneurs from the city,'' said Gurmeet Singh Kular, president of United Cycle Parts and Manufacturers Association.He added that they have requested union minister of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) Veer Bhadra Singh to provide subsidy on the air fare under the international cooperation scheme. Rajeev Jain, owner of R and R bikes and president of Laghu Udyog Bharti, said the industry in Ludhiana needs a lot of upgrading in terms of machinery and work culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "zirakpur (chandigarh)", "code": "12740487", "title": "First toll barrier fitted with radio frequency identification in India", "text": "ZIRAKPUR (CHANDIGARH): The 14-lane toll plaza at Zirakpur became the first one in the country completely fitted with radio frequency identification (RFID) technology. All toll gates here have got RFID tag readers which helps vehicles fitted with the tags to pass through the lanes without halting.The vice-president of Japyee group Devender Yadav, who has built the plaza and the 27km Himalayan expressway between Zirakpur and Parwanoo said the boom barriers would automatically lift as soon as the vehicle approaches the toll gates.An RFID tag is just like a band aid, which can be attached to the windscreen of a vehicle. \"People can recharge easily and the toll charge would get automatically deducted,\" he said. Yadav said they are also providing smart cards to the commuters as a back up in case there is any glitch in the work of RFID tags. \"Once a commuter enters a lane cannot come back. So, in case there is no balance in the RFID tag or there is any other technical glitch, they can use the smart card to cross the plaza,\" he added.While inaugurating the facility, highways minister CP Joshi said all toll plazas on national highways (NH) in the country would be upgraded to process RFID tags for seamless travel. \"Once all the toll plazas have this facility, people can use the interoperable tag throughout the country. We are talking to state governments so that they can also use the same tags on their tolled roads,\" said Sanjay Bandopadhyaya, joint secretary in the highways ministry.Jaypee group, which has built the Noida-Agra Yamuna Expressway, claimed that the same RFID tag used on Zirakpur stretch can be used for commuting on its other mega expressway project.RFID tags are cheap and at present can be bought at only Rs 100. The technology will help improve tracking of vehicles when on the move and based on the data received from each toll plaza the government can get trends of the vehicular movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740869", "title": "Exhibition showcasing northeast's beauty to begin soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: A young photographer from Barak Valley is all set to showcase the pristine and virgin landscapes of the northeast, which have either been neglected or not included on the tourist's map through his maiden exhibition.The exhibition, titled 'Travelscape', will be Debraj Chakroborty's debut solo exhibition that will exhibit images of the unexplored landscape of the northeast, which is not included in the tourist brochures.The exhibition, which will be inaugurated on April 23, is an attempt to showcase the visual tapestry of the northeast with its unusual topography and uneven terrain. At a press conference held on Thursday, Deberaj Chakroborty said the region has always been associated with violence, but his exhibition will showcase the region from a different angle and perspective, focusing on the positive and brighter side of the northeast rather than its negative aspects.\"This will be my first solo exhibition and I have emphasized on the beauty and diversity of this region. The photographs that will be exhibited are two to three years old. There are images from the lesser known Jarwai region of Meghalaya, which could have been a tourist haven, but is being neglected and not enough is being done to enhance it into one. The endeavour is a result of extensive research,\" said Chakraborty, who is also an IT professional.The photographer also spoke about his travel stint in the UK and Scotland and how some of the regions are similar to Cherrapunjee. He added that the places he visited in Cherrapunjee were not projected properly and through his exhibition he has made an attempt to showcase the beautiful landscape of Cherrapunjee and not the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739109", "title": "High court issues notice to CBI chief and others", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday issued show-cause notices to Central Bureau of Investigation director AP Singh and other senior officers on a petition filed by local politician Shambu Singh Khetasar. Khetasar had alleged harassment by the CBI during the Bhanwari case investigation.Khetasar had approached the court on April 16 saying that the CBI had been harassing him since January. Khetasar who had fought the assembly elections against sacked minister Mahipal Maderna from Osian constituency also alleged that he is being repeatedly called for interrogation as a witness.\"I have told the agency officials time and again what I know,\" Khetasar claimed in the petition.Khetasar said he had gone to Gujarat for treatment after he was injured in an accident. \"In my absence, the CBI started harassing my family,\" he alleged.Judge Sangeet Raj Lodha issued showcause notice to CBI director AP Singh, CBI DIG Ashok Tiwari, SP Rakesh Rathi and an inspector on Thursday. The court has fixed Friday as the next date of hearing in the matter. CBI's lawyer Panne Singh received the notice.Sources said CBI is accusing Khetasar of his role in making public the CD which shows Mahipal Maderna in a compromising position with Bhanwari Devi.After resuming investigation in the Bhanwari Devi case last week, after a gap of two months, the CBI had called Khetasar for interrogation. He had been summoned again, but he started evading the probe orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740593", "title": "Haryana yet to get 2 key approvals for nuke plant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Did the Haryana government jump the gun by hastening the process of land acquisition for a nuclear power project in Fatehabad district even though required approvals from two main government agencies are still awaited?Not only the ministry of environment and forests (ME&F;) has been ignored while taking clearance for setting up the proposed 2800 MC nuclear power project in Gorakhpur village of Fatehabad district of Haryana, another important agency, the Atomic Energy Regulation Board (AERB), has also been overlooked by the authorities in their hurry to get the project off the ground, it has been revealed.Documents available with TOI showed that the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCL) has not taken mandatory consent from AERB for nuclear power plant in Haryana.Only the AERB can evaluate the proposed site, impact of the plant on site and effect of external events such as earthquake, flood, etc., on the plant. Only after AERB's recommendations, a \"siting consent\" is granted for the plant.According to chairman, AERB, Mumbai, S S Bajaj, \"The application for siting/seeking consent for the setting up of a nuclear power plant is to be sought by NPCL and no application for siting/seeking consent for the setting up of nuclear power plant at Haryana has been submitted to AERB till date\".Surprisingly, the procedure for land acquisition has been initiated by the Haryana government for the past two years, as it issued notification under section 4 of Land Acquisition Act to acquire around 1,500 acres for the said project on July 29, 2010 and subsequent notifications were also issued on July 25, 2011. In January this year, the state government proposed to give Rs 20 lakh per acre for sandy land and Rs 32 lakh per acre for irrigated land to farmers whose land was being acquired for setting up a nuclear power plant, but till date no step was initiated to get the required clearances from two most vital agencies -- ME&F; and AERB.Importantly, villagers of Fatehabad has been protesting for the last over a year against acquisition of land alleging that the Haryana government has shown undue haste in acquisition of land without getting clearance about suitability of land from Union ministry of environment and other authorities. Other contentions of the protestors were that no public objection invited or public hearing was given to them before initiating the land acquisition process.Role of AERBAtomic Energy Regulation Board (AERB) specifies the requirements for safety in selection of site for nuclear power plants. One the chief functions of the board is to grant consent for setting up nuclear power plants after evaluation of the site and considering reports from multi-tier evaluations committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740701", "title": "Barkatullah University suffers from water crisis", "text": "BHOPAL: The Barkatullah University is facing a shortage of drinking water along its 300 acres campus and most taps have gone dry in the teaching departments and administrative blocks, adding to the problem. The crisis has deepened as the mercury has soared up in the last fortnight.With water scarcity, non-availability of safe drinking water in the campus and teaching departments is a major problem affecting the university students, faculty and staff. There is hardly any facility for safe drinking water in its 24 departments.\"No body is concerned. We have water coolers connected to the over-head tanks and in the absence of filters we are forced to consume water that is not filtered. In the absence of water purifiers, students and employees are being exposed to water-borne disease,\" said head of the department of regional planning and economic growth Prof H S Yadav who is also president of Barkatullah University Teachers Association (BUTA).The situation in physical education department is worse. It has no facility for water at all. On condition of anonymity, a student said, \"We are left with no option but to get drinking water from home. Repeated requests have fallen on deaf ears\".Another student, Roopesh Rathore also echoed the same woes. \"Risking health hazards, we have to consume the water available from any place,\" he said.The water problem is not limited to teaching departments in the university campus only. Satya Bhawan, the administrative building of the university, has two functional water coolers. Of these, only one is fitted with a water purifier. \"The water tank has not been cleaned for the last several months,\" Yadav said.When contacted, vice-chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey said that an arrangement was made for getting water through tankers in the university. \"Adequate water tankers are there to cater the needs of the students and employees during summer,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739061", "title": "Stiff penalties for manual scavenging", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal corporations or state officials could face two years in jail or Rs 2 lakh fine for the ubiquitous site of bare torsos plumbing the depths of sewer tanks to clean the muck with their hands.The Centre proposes to ban 'hazardous manual cleaning of sewers and septic tanks' with stiff penal provisions. It plans to make it mandatory for employers to provide cleaning devices and protective gear to the staff tasked with cleaning of sewers and septic tanks.While there is a law to ban manual scavenging, it has failed to stop the authorities from continuing with hazardous manual cleaning of septic tanks.The initiative is likely to be part of the proposed 'prohibition of employment as manual scavengers and their rehabilitation bill' which seeks to strengthen the 1993 law which has failed because of poor implementation.The law could force municipal bodies to upgrade safety kits for workers engaged in professions which have revolted observers for years but without any corrective action from the governments. An official said violation of a law that is watched closely by civil rights groups would raise the fear of legal action and curb the continued indifference among authorities.Besides the justice to municipal workers, the proposed bill seeks to make stringent provisions for the continued ill of manual scavenging, a banned practice that continues unabated despite the 'employment of manual scavengers and construction of dry latrines act, 1993'.The government may hike punishment for manual scavenging from one year/Rs 2,000 fine in the present law to jail of one year/Rs 50,000 fine \"for first offence\". Subsequent contraventions could invite more stringent action with possibly two years in jail and higher fines.Offences under the law may be \"cognizable and non-bailable\", a substantial hardening of penalty for contraventions.Union social justice minister Mukul Wasnik said, \"We intend to table it in the monsoon session of Parliament.\"To start with, the bill seeks to remove ambiguity from what constitutes manual scavenging. While the present law defines a manual scavenger as \"manually carrying human excreta\", the proposed one would expand it to include any person employed for \"manually cleaning, carrying, disposing of, or otherwise handling in any manner, human excreta in an insanitary latrine or in an open drain or pit into which human excreta from insanitary latrines is disposed of...\"Observers said manual scavenging, though a despicable practice, is rooted in the social ills emanating from the age-old caste system and seeking an abrupt end to it may not be possible -- one of the reason, besides indifference of authorities, why the present law has failed to curb the practice.Accordingly, sources said, the Centre is likely to give nine months to bring all activities in sync with the proposed law.No matter the law, insiders feel it would be a challenge to redeem the situation given that \"insanitary or dry latrines\" continue to be part of the rural and urban landscape as the country struggles with sanitation issues. The 2011 decennial census found that over 26 lakh households still have insanitary latrines. Evidently, they are serviced by manual scavengers.The new law may enjoin upon a district magistrate to ensure that no household constructs or maintains an insanitary latrine or employs a manual scavenger.Times ViewThe fact that manual scavenging exists even 65 years after India attained independence is a matter of grave national shame. Repeated promises by governments have failed to eliminate the menace. In June last year, for instance, the Prime Minister had called upon states to take note of a home ministry advisory that suggested they invoke provisions of the SC/ST Atrocities Act against anyone employing a dalit or tribal for manual scavenging. He had urged them to end the practice within six months. In the President's address to the joint sitting of Parliament last month, the government had spoken of a new law to deal with the problem. All of this is fine, but isn't it time they walked the talk?Just passing another law will not suffice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740619", "title": "Charkop erupts in anger over youth\u2019s suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: Charkop erupted on Thursday as shops downed shutters and residents staged a rally, which culminated at the police station, demanding immediate action against the culprits in the Nikesh Bhandari case. Nikesh (26) had thrown himself before a running train in Virar on Tuesday . He left behind a suicide note blaming the police for harassing his family and a group of boys from the locality who had assaulted him on Holi.The Vasai GRP on Wednesday lodged a case of abetment against 15 persons, including inspector Pravin Patil from Charkop police station. Nikesh had stated in his suicide note that Patil did not record his statement properly, tried to protect one of the accused and threatened his brother,Chaitanya,over phone. \"Our contention is that no arrests have been made yet. Home minister RR Patil spoke to me over phone and has summoned us for a meeting to his office\" Chaitanya said. Patil also assured the family of a CID probe.Led by Shiv Sena MLA Vinod Ghoshalkar, the protesters blocked the road. Some protesters went to the residence of one of the accused, Ankush Gawli, and damaged his belongings . Additional police force had to be summoned and the area near the police station was barricaded. The morcha went on from 10am to 1pm.The 15 accused in the case are Sachin Ghag and his wife Nikita,Santosh Gawli, Sumedh Tate and his wife, Ravi Gurav, Sunil Tate, Mahesh Lad, Jagdish Lad, Ashish Gawli,inspector Pavin Patil,NCP activist Prakash Surve, Manaram Patel, Neetu Padhi and Mahesh Khatavkar.The Bhandaris sought to know why the charges lodged Nikesh's attackers, following the Holi assault, were reduced and what police probe was carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12740867", "title": "Replace defunct transformers: Katti", "text": "BELGAUM: District in-charge minister Umesh Katti has instructed officials of the Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) Limited to replace all defunct electric transformers within 10 days across the district.Addressing a meeting of Belgaum division-level Hescom officials here, he directed the officials to provide power connection to 88 drinking water projects in Belgaum, Bailhongal, Savadatti, Ramdurg and Khanapur taluks immediately. He also told them to open transformer repair centres at all 10 taluks of the district by July-end and keep a buffer stock of transformers.The minister was unhappy with the officials for not providing proper electricity supply to taluks like Athani and Raibag. Katti also directed the officials to give power connections to 175 borewells sanctioned under the Ganga Kalyan scheme in 2011-12 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12739604", "title": "Park College student gets $200K pay package", "text": "COIMBATORE: A student of a city college has landed a bonanza this placement season. Two US-based companies have offered Kamalesh Babu J, an Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE) student of the Park College of Engineering and Technology here, annual pay packages of $150,000 and $200,000 respectively.\"Our aim is to place every student according to his/her expectations. We have achieved a 94 % placement so far. Kamalesh is a feather in our crown. The management is proud of such students,\" said Anusha R, CEO of the Park group of educational institutions, adding that this was the second time a student of the college had got such a high package in the last few years.In interviews conducted worldwide by the two companies, Kamalesh was selected from more than 7,000 candidates, including graduates from Harvard University , experienced business managers and others.The first company, headquartered in New York , gave Kamalesh a standing offer of $150,000 to join as a Level 3 business associate and handle pan-America operations.The second company, also headquartered in New York, offered him $200,000 to join as Level 2 associate business manager and handle its newest branch and worldwide operations.Kamalesh says he chose the Park College of Engineering and Technology despite offers from universities like Harvard, Purdue, Princeton and Cornell as \"education in India is equally rewarding and moreover the experience and exposure my college has given me is unparalleled.\"The round-the-clock interviews conducted by the two companies were aimed at extracting the core essence of the interviewee, Kamalesh said adding that withstanding the interview sessions was in itself a big milestone. There were times when he thought about leaving half-way, but the extended support from his family kept him going, he said.If there is one thing that he wants to tell his fellow students, it is that \"there are abundant opportunities all around us, all we have to do is wake up and work towards achieving it. Using Facebook and other such sites is not only for social networking but also for professional networking and will definitely reap benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12744997", "title": "Samsung files another lawsuit against Apple", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co sued Apple Inc again in the US over patent infringements, one day after the companies were ordered by a federal court to discuss settling a year-long intellectual property dispute.The maker of the Galaxy smartphones filed the additional suit on April 18 in the District Court for the Northern District of California, claiming Apple violated eight of its patents, Samsung said in an emailed statement. The claim is in response to a February complaint by Apple, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said.The world's two largest smartphone sellers have been suing each other on four continents since April last year when Cupertino, California-based Apple accused Samsung of copying its mobile devices. Their chief executive officers were ordered by the California court on April 17 to attend a settlement conference.Steve Park , a Seoul-based spokesman for Apple, declined to comment beyond the company's previous statement that the iPhone maker needs to protect its innovations.Both companies told the court they are willing to participate in the settlement conference, US District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose wrote in the April 17 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12738693", "title": "Small and medium enterprises sector steals the march in job creation statewide", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The flourishing small and medium enterprises (SME) in the district seems to be propelling job creation in the state at a time when the employment rate is as low as 3.8% among men and 20% among women. According to data from directorate of industries and commerce, the SME sector has created 84,878 new job opportunities in the state in 2011. In 2010, it was only 60,876. Under the sector nearly 13,511 units of small-scale industries (SSI) and micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) have mushroomed across the state. Majority of the units focus on food processing, garment manufacturing, and general engineering sectors. The work force includes people who were previously engaged in traditional manual jobs such as carpentry and coconut-tree climbing.While Ernakulam topped the chart by creating 25,055 new job opportunities, Kozhikode stood at the fourth position by generating 6,990 jobs. Wayanad was at the bottom of the list with just 1,169 new employment opportunities. Data show that of the total number of SSIs and MSMEs registered in Kerala last year, 327 units were promoted by SCs, 60 by STs, and 10,495 by others. Over 2,629 enterprises are promoted by women entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12745289", "title": "Billa 2 audio launch on May 1st", "text": "The audio launch of Billa 2 will happen on May 1st. There will be no official inauguration ceremony and the CDs will be available at the music stores from that day, which also marks Ajith's birthday.Earlier there were rumors that Rajini would do the honors of releasing the album but since he is busy with the Kochadaiyaan shooting in Kerala, the audio will be directly released to the stores. Billa 2 stars Ajith in the title role with Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah as his lead pairs.There are six songs, including the Theme song, in this album which has been scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12737922", "title": "IITs to draw up fresh admission rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) have decided to draw up a fresh list of workable suggestions to select students after a proposal to partially consider Class 12 scores for admission was shot down by faculty members of the elite institutions.The decision was taken after discussions at all IIT campuses on the T Ramasami report, which looks at having a single pan-India entrance exam for admission to engineering colleges. Suggestions in the report were met with stiff resistance. More importantly, the report raised innumerable questions on the fairness of the system that would normalise the Class 12 scores of all the boards in India.The new suggestions will be placed before the respective IIT senates. Each senate will discuss the proposal before all the IITs meet and ratify them by mid-May.IIT-Bombay director Devang Khakhar said, \"There is a large support for some reforms... The ball is in our court now and we will come up with a proposal on how to select students.\"Most faculty members had stated that teaching-learning, facilities and assessment of Class 12 were highly varied across school boards and could not be statistically normalised. The IIT faculty federation had met HRD minister Kapil Sibal and submitted a list of its concerns about the new system.It is still unclear if the new admission method would be in place by 2013 or the roll-out may be delayed by a year. \"That largely depends on how big the change is,\" added Khakhar.Meanwhile, in a move to improve its industry collaborations, IIT-B has decided to identify the challenges in various sectors and create a roadmap for research &amp; development (R&D;) with the concerned industries.The institute, for the first time, reached out to the industry by showcasing its research projects and current collaborations and brainstormed on ways in which the interactions could be forwarded.\"We can look at the existing initiatives that are currently in operation. They include the health-consortium and our centres in areas like photovoltaic research, aerospace and nano-electronics, among others, to identify themes, set a roadmap for implementation and take stock of developments,\" IIT-B dean (R&D;) Rangan Banerjee said.\"Further, we have a database of 350 industries and we are looking at creating long-term, strategic associations with them,\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12739789", "title": "CBI arrests bank manager", "text": "The Central Bureau of Investigation on Thursday arrested a senior bank officer accepting bribe for clearing a loan in Lucknow. The officer had asked for Rs 20,000 to clear a loan worth Rs 4.5 lakh from a Lucknow resident. The CBI sources said that acting on a complaint, sleuths from the anti-corruption laid a trap and arrested OP Dwivedi, manager of Punjab and Sindh Bank's Gomtinagar branch red-handed accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from one Faisal Jamal.A resident of Lucknow Jamaal had reportedly applied for a loan but the same was not being sanctioned. When Faisal failed to get the loan sanctioned despite having completed all the documentation required, he contacted the manager who allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 20,000 to grant Faisal the required sanction.Frustrated over the working of the bank, Faisal agreed to the trap that the CBI proposed to lay and helped the sleuths in arresting Dwivedi on Thursday evening. The CBI will produce the arrested accused before the special CBI court in Lucknow for further directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739220", "title": "Golma Devi demands CBI probe against Speaker", "text": "JAIPUR: Independent legislator and former minister Golma Devi on Thursday demanded a CBI probe against Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat over the death of a man belonging to the dalit community allegedly in the latter's chamber in May 2009.The legislator raised the demand during the Zero Hour in the assembly. Deputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena was presiding over the House proceedings then, as speaker Shekhawat is currently on a foreign tour.Golma Devi reasoned that when other controversial criminal cases like the Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder case, the Gopalgarh police firing incident and the Surval police officer's murder case were handed over to the CBI, why was the state government reluctant to go for a similar probe in the dalit man's death that allegedly occurred in the Speaker's chamber.\"Family and relatives of the deceased man are staging a sit-in close to the assembly for past three days to demand a CBI inquiry in the matter. Why is the government not listening to them?\" asked Golma Devi.The matter pertains to the death of one Raghunath Guwaria, who was a resident from the Speaker's constituency Shree Madhopur in Sikar district. Guwaria's son Balram had alleged that his father was forcibly taken to the Shekhawat's chamber and was pressurised to change his statements in a corruption case. Balram even moved a petition before the high court to demand a CBI probe alleging that Guwaria died of the 'torture' inflicted on him in the Speaker's presence.The assembly doctor, who examined Guwaria soon after the incident, reportedly testified that the man died of cardiac arrest. A criminal case was also lodged with the Shree Madhopur police, but the investigating officer's report said there was no foul play behind the man's death. Guwaria's family, however, insists that it was a case of culpable homicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738301", "title": "Goodricke greets Tirupati devotees with hot cuppa", "text": "KOLKATA: Devotees of Lord Venkateshwara temple in Tirupati are sipping their hot cuppa, while standing in the long queues during the morning prayers. Thanks to the Goodricke Group, which has started supplying tea from its gardens for 50,000-100000 devotees who gather every morning in front of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) to offer prayers.In August last year, the company had bagged the deal to supply 4.1 million packets of tea a year to the temple, located at Chittoor district in Andhra Pradesh, after a bidding process. Annually, 30 to 40 million people visit the temple and the daily count rises as high as 500,000 during festivals.Goodricke Group managing director and chief executive officer Arun Singh told TOI: \"We have bagged this contract through a bidding process. This is a good branding exercise for our company.\" Prior to Goodricke, Hindustan Unilever used to supply tea to the temple.Goodricke has three different varieties of tea - Darjeeling, green and CTC (crush, tear, curl). Among these categories, it supplies Goodricke Premium, which is a CTC variety, to the Tirupati temple.Vikram Singh Gulia, head, packet tea division of Goodricke, said the trustees of the temple are very satisfied with the service. \"This is not a profit making venture. We supply tea at a much subsidized rate to the temple. This is a one-year contract and after that they will float a tender again.\"This is the first such initiative by the company to serve any divine place. Asked whether the company is eager take part in similar projects for other temples, Gulia said: \"We are in talks with the authority of the Golden Temple in Amritsar.\" He said till date the Golden Temple does not have any such structure, like kiosks, to serve tea to devotees. Goodricke will be looking at either supplying packet tea or putting up a kiosk there to serve tea.Golden Temple also witnesses around a lakh visitors every day, which goes up to one-and-a-half lakh during any festival, confirmed the temple administration. \"Through this Golden Temple, we want to serve the people of Punjab,\" he said.The company already supplies tea to churches in the city. Gulia said: \"Whenever there is any occasion, we supply tea free of cost to the churches.\"Prayers offered to Lord Venkateshwara of Tirupati after inching ones way in long queues since early morning can now be followed with sips of tea from gardens of the Goodricke Group. The Kolkata-based company will offer this little pleasure to the 50,000-100,000 devotees who queue up every morning in front of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD), come sun, rain or freezing cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12738778", "title": "Farmers forced to sell wheat below minimum support price", "text": "WARDHA: The nexus between government officials and Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) was exposed when the farmers were forced to sell their wheat crops below the minimum support price (MSP).More than 40,000 quintal wheat was sold at cheaper rates which is almost 80% of total production. However, the responsible authorities in the district marketing office and APMC passed the blame on each other. The farmers were paid less than Rs 1,285 per quintal, the rate fixed by the central government on October 25 last year. But the traders paid them less. The receipt in possession of TOI showed that the rates ranged from Rs 1,076 to Rs 1,165. This amounted to loss of thousands of rupees to farmers.Swapnil Borle, a farmer from Sewagram, said he sold 60 quintals wheat in Wardha APMC market at a rate of Rs 1,110. He approached leaders of Kisan Adhikar Abhiyan (KAA) who are holding a sit-in till they are heard.Sudam Pawar, district president of KAA, said that the sit-in at the DMO office would continue till they are heard.APMC secretary Madhav Bokade said, \"What the farmers are doing at DMO office is their right. This is our responsibility to regulate the market and inform DMO. We had informed him several times but he did not pay heed and did not initiate action to solve the issue.\" Bokade admitted that no trader has any right to purchase the produce below the support price.Avinash Kakde, leader of KAA, said, \"we have sent letters to food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, APMC president and marketing office secretarial, Mumbai highlighting the issue and asked the DMO to clear his stand.\"District marketing officer Shaikh K Bilal said that \"we do not have proper mechanism to stop this practice. I have not received any GR from the authority to purchase the produce.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12741139", "title": "Jhodias oppose government bid to nominate Zilla Parishad candidates", "text": "KORAPUT: Jhodias in Rayagada district have opposed the state government's attempt to nominate candidates for the three posts of zilla parishad, samiti members and sarpanchs in Kasipur block of the district where people had boycotted the recently concluded three-tier panchayat poll demanding tribal status for the Jhodia community.Several leaders of the community met district collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle and expressed their opposition of the government's attempt to nominate candidates on Wednesday.\"We demand tribal status for our community. The government's move to nominate candidates without fulfilling our demand will be opposed tooth and nail. The nominated candidates will not be cooperated with and will not be allowed to work in our area,\" said Bhabani Sankar Jhodia, a youth leader of the community.An elderly woman of the community Sumani Jhodia said, \"We urge the administration to halt the process till our demand is fulfilled. We condemn the government's move to nominate candidates without fulfilling our demand.\"As the rural polls could not be held at Kasipur block, Rayagada administration has started the process of nominating candidates in the block. \"As per the direction of the state government, we have started the process of nominating candidates for various posts of the three-tier panchayat system. It is a parliamentary process and can't be stopped by the administration,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle, refusing to divulge on what basis the candidates will be nominated for various posts. \"We had discussion with the Jhodia leaders and have sought their cooperation. No disturbances will be tolerated,\" the collector said.Earlier, during the recently held panchayat poll not a single nomination was filed for the 20 posts of samiti members of Kasipur block, which consists of as many as 20 panchayats with a total of 83,457 voters and 242 wards. All the 14 candidates of various political parties, who had filed nomination for the three posts of zilla parishad, had also withdrawn their nomination supporting the demands of the Jhodias.Around 50,000 Jhodias live in and around 85 villages, particularly in the district's Kasipur block. They had boycotted the 2009 general elections protesting against the government's failure to confer tribal status on them and had even refused to share details with enumerators during 2011 Census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "12741158", "title": "Teachers suspended for negligence of duty", "text": "ANGUL: The headmaster and the sports teacher of Purna Chandra High school at Susuba in Angul district's Kaniha block were suspended on charges of neglecting their duty, that lead to the death of two matric examinees in a road mishap on April 16. As many as 23 other students were injured in the accident.The suspended teachers are head master of the school Susuba Prabhata Bandhu Mangaraj and Bholeswar Sahoo, teacher of games and sports.\"I have suspended the head master and the sports teacher of the school on the ground of negligence of duty and irresponsible behavior,\" said Ranjan Kumar Giri, the cirlce inspector of Dhenkanal.The accident occurred when a mini truck in which the students were travelling to their examination centre at Saradhapur in Samal police station area overturned. The deceased students were Subala Behera and Purna Chandra Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12740999", "title": "Notice to 6 schools over donations", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Davanagere DDPI B A Rajashekhar served notices to six private schools on Wednesday, for collecting donations violating norms fixed by the education department.The schools are St John School, Amritanandamayi School, Someshwara School, Euro Kids School, Alur Education Trust and Jain Vidyalaya. The Anti-Donation Committee has produced video clippings and written statements displayed on these school noticeboards on donations being collected. Based on the evidence the deputy commissioner directed the DDPI to serve notices seeking an explanation as to why the schools shouldn't be closed as per the Education Department Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740393", "title": "Cop aided Palande in Juhu flat grab bid", "text": "The main accused in the Arunkumar Tikku murder, Vijay Palande, had allegedly attempted to grab a Rs 5-crore flat in Juhu in September 2011, and the inspector, his relative who is believed to have abetted him in the past, came to his aid in this case, too. The flat at Mittal Park, Juhu, belonged to Air India employee Anup Das, whom Palande had killed along with his father in 1998 in an attempt to grab the property. It has since been sold, but that did not stop Palande, who had forged documents claiming he was the owner , from trying to grab it again after he served his time in jail, said the police.In September 2011, he sent five associates to the Juhu flat, but the owner raised an alarm when the men tried to forcefully enter the apartment claiming they were looking for Palande. While three men fled, the society guards detained the remaining two and handed them over to the police. But within an hour, the inspector arrived at Juhu police station, and claiming that the men were working on his behalf in an undercover operation, fooled the police into releasing them. The owner of the flat, a businessman who did not wish to be named, told TOI: \"The inspector showed us his police Id-card. He told me that he was searching for Vijay Palande and Simran Sood. He said that the men were his informants and that the whole thing was a genuine mistake. He was a senior crime branch officer so I trusted him and did not file a case.\"Palande had set his eyes on the flat more than 14 years ago. After murdering Das and his father, he forged documents , gained control of the property and moved into the flat with Sood. By the end of 1998, the police arrested him for the double murder, but Sood refused to vacate the apartment. The victims' family approached the courts with the original documents proving their ownership , and the flat was sealed. In 2003, the court ruled in favour of the Das family. In 2005 they sold the flat to the businessman who was later harassed by Palande's henchmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740195", "title": "Army officers get diploma certificates", "text": "PUNE: The non-commissioned officers of the Indian Army were awarded diplomas in civil and mechanical engineering and architecture assistanceship at a scroll presentation ceremony at the College of Military Engineering (CME) here on Thursday.These diploma-holders will now join the Military Engineering Service (MES) as junior engineers. Apart from civil, mechanical and architecture assistanceship, the ceremony also had presentation of the outsourced diplomas from the Madras Engineering Group, Bangalore; Bengal Engineering Group, Roorkee; and Bombay Engineering Group, Kirkee.Major General S P Nawathe, CME's deputy commandant and dean, was the chief guest on the occasion. Commander of CME's diploma wing, Col SP Singh, made the introductory remarks.In all, 124 students from CME, including 114 of the regular army, seven from General Engineering Reserve Force, and three from Assam Rifles were awarded the diplomas. Sixty students obtained first class with honours, 49 won first class and 15 got second class.Naik Kaman Singh secured the silver medal for standing first in civil engineering, while Naik D V Prasad got the silver medal in electrical &amp; mechanical engineering and Havildar Senthil Kumar in architecture assistanceship. In addition, 100 students from three training centres of the Corps of Engineer also successfully completed their two years of intensive training and were awarded the scrolls. tnnNawathe congratulated the students on acquiring their diplomas and advised them to carry out their duties in a sincere manner keeping in mind that they will be part of the MES, which is the principal service provider organization of the Army. He also emphasized the value of positive thought and action while carrying out their duties as junior engineers.Ends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741091", "title": "City firing case: Detainee's wife moves rights panel", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A woman from Sambalpur district moved the Orissa Human Rights Commission on Thursday, alleging that Bhubaneswar police illegally detained her husband in connection with last week's firing incident in Mancheswar area here.The complainant, Binodini Pradhan, told media persons that a police team from Bhubaneswar picked up her husband Biswanath from their Commissioner's Colony house in Sambalpur on Sunday. \"Since then there is no trace of my husband. I lodged a complaint at Dhanupali police, who informed me that he was taken by Bhubaneswar police for questioning in the Mancheswar firing case,\" Binodini said.She alleged that the police here did not allow her to meet him. \"Even if he is involved, why is police hiding him from the family,\" she asked.Sources said the commission asked the Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh to furnish a reply within two weeks.The DCP refused to comment on the allegations, but said the Mancheswar firing incident would be cracked within two or three days. A girl was shot at and injured outside her office in the incident.On the other hand, police detained five men in connection with the shooting incident in Airfield area on Tuesday night. \"We have also seized the bike used in the crime. The shooters have been identified and would be arrested,\" Singh said. Miscreants opened fire at Dipak Pradhan at Panchapally over past enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738136", "title": "BEd entrance on April 23", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The combined entrance test for bachelor of education (BEd)-2012 batch of Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Awadh University, Faizabad, will be held in the city on April 23. Uttar Pradesh Rajashri Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) has been made the nodal centre for the entrance examination which will be held at 62 centres.UPRTOU public relation officer Prabhat Chandra Mishra said the Registrar of the Open University AK Singh has been made the nodal officer for the exam. A total of 32,722 aspirants will be appear in the exam which will be conducted in two sessions, from 8am to 11am and from 1pm to 4pm.AK Singh said the observers for all the test centres have been appointed and a video-conferencing will be held on April 20 for smooth conduct of the exam. He said secretary, higher education, will interact with the officials, both of the district administration and the university, in the video conferencing. He further said the exam material and the money needed for conducting the exam will be distributed from the Phaphamau campus of the university on April 20.Singh added the duplicate admit cards will be made available from April 20 to 22 from the regional center of the University located at Kamla Nehru Road of Civil Lines. The aspirants can procure the duplicate admit cards by depositing a demand draft of Rs 100, payable to Finance Officer, Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Awadh University, Faizabad.UPRTOU PRO said former Allahabad University teacher Prof MC Chattopadhyay has been appointed member of the Executive Council of UPRTOU. Presently president of the Indian Chemical Society, Prof Chattopadhyay have been nominated as the EC member by Governor BL Joshi for a two-year term. Prof Chattopadhyay is the Fellow of Cambridge Theosophical Society and Chemical Society London and over 25 students have done PhD under him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12739971", "title": "Those opposing Sethu project discredit Lord Rama, says Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Thursday said people who are using Lord Rama's name to stop the Sethu Samudram project were only discrediting Him ( Lord Rama).Not just the Union government, but everyone interested in Tamil Nadu's development and welfare should have only one opinion - to have the shipping canal built, he said.Declaring it a national monument is like catering to someone's personal desire, he said. \"What is wrong in completing the Sethu Samudram project and then declaring it a national monument?\" he asked. Karunanidhi also said the Centre must respect the findings of the study on project and facilitate its completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739111", "title": "Allotment of flats: DM orders inquiry", "text": "NOIDA: After the district administration of Gautam Budh Nagar sealed several flats in Sector 45 last year following detection of irregularities in allotment under the Kanshi Ram Shahri Garib Awas Yojna, more skeletons have tumbled out of the closet. The administration has received fresh complaints alleging irregularities in the allotment procedure. District Magistrate MKS Sundaram has ordered an inquiry into the complaints.On Monday, a woman filed a complaint with the DM alleging that some \"goons had occupied the flat that had originally been allotted to her.\" According to the DM, most complaints in the case refer to either the \"same flat being allotted to more than one person,\" or, \"some flats allotted to those who do not fall in the economically weaker section category.\"\"Several such complaints have been made in the past, following which, the then DM had sealed 11 flats in Sector 45. We have ordered a detailed inquiry into the alleged allotment scam to identify those responsible,\" Sundaram said. \"A team headed by the chief development officer is investigating the matter,\" he added.As many as 1,000 flats have been constructed in Sector 45 under the Yojna. Of these, 500 were allotted to \"eligible candidates\" in June last year. Complaints of irregularities had come up alleging that \"some allottees had forged documents to get the flats while some had sold their units.\" The then DM had initiated a crackdown. Then, in October 2011, another 500 flats were allotted. The fresh complaints relate to the new allotments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739466", "title": "Civic agencies pass the buck to contractors", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Central government is working on strengthening the existing Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrine Prohibition Act,1993, seeking to ensure rehabilitation of those engaged in such dehumanizing labour, activists say that thousands of manhole workers continue to work in inhuman conditions. MCD, DJB and other civic bodies have failed to provide adequate safety gear and medical facilities and often pass the buck on to their contractors.According to human rights activists, many manhole works die because they work without proper equipment and protective gear. With the government working on a draft bill to strengthen the existing Act, seeking to ensure rehabilitation of those engaged in such dehumanizing labour and imposing heavy penalties on violators, there is hope for thousands.\"More than 1000 manual scavengers work in trans-Yamuna areas. They suffer from serious health problems like asthma, infections etc. Despite a law in place, the civic agencies don't bother to provide basic facilities or equipment, forget medical facilities,'' said Harnam Singh, chairman of Delhi Safai Karmcharis Association.Delhi Jal Board is responsible for cleaning and maintenance of sewers in the city. It engages contractors to carry out the work. According to DJB officials, all deep sewers (five feet and more) are cleaned using super suction machines.\"Manual scavengers are not allowed inside unless there is written authorization from the head office concerned. In the case of shallow manholes, the workers who clean them are provided with gumboots and gloves. Oxygen masks are available with the area officerTo ensure labour laws are adhered to, we have put all the safety conditions in the contract,\" said the official.Strangely, though, DJB claims it has never received any complaint about violation of contract rules. Officials say they have around 2500 scavengers for cleaning of shallow manholes. \"As per SC guidelines, medical check-up of these scavengers is done every year,\" said Manish Gupta, addl commissioner (engineering), MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740952", "title": "Guwahati turns fortress for Prime Minister's visit", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city has turned into a virtual fortress ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit amid a bandh call by Ulfa hardliners and his six-hour stay in Guwahati is expected to bring the city to a standstill. Singh is scheduled to land at LGBI airport at 10.55am on Friday and take a chopper to the city.Schools have declared a holiday as several key roads will be closed in the city. Movement for commoners on roads leading to southwestern part of the city in Kalapahar area through Paltanbazar will be affected as Singh's convoy will use this road to get to B Barooah cancer hospital. The key Guwahati-Shillong road that links other states of the region will be hit the hardest as Singh will be travelling on this road to attend the main function at the Dispur parade ground.This road will remain affected till Singh leaves the Dispur ground at 1.15pm for Raj Bhawan for meeting the council of ministers and lunch before he travels back to the stadium to board the chopper to the airport. He is scheduled to leave for New Delhi at 5.15pm.The administration has also banned parking along National Highway 37 that runs from airport and skirts around the city. Should the weather turn out to be infavourable for the chopper, the PM will take this road to the city.After the state government asked all its employees to defy the bandh call, the Kamrup (metro) district administration on Thursday issued a statement that all traders bodies of the city have assured to remain open. For the last two days security forces have been carrying out checks on all the roads and nakas have been set at all entry points of the city. In addition to the existing police force in the city and the huge contingent of SPG men traveling, an additional 10 companies have been pressed into service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740679", "title": "Now, \u2018illegal\u2019 strikers face 6 months in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has introduced a law that will penalize employees striking work in any service, type of employment or class if it deems that the strike would adversely impact public life. Until now, the ambit of the legislation was limited to government, semi-government staffers and a few others.\"Illegal\" strikers face a six-month jail term, while those instigating them could be sent to jail for a year.Despite objections from the opposition, the government on Thursday managed to gain the legislative council's approval for the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act, 2011. The legislative assembly had given its nod to the bill during the winter session last year.Under the new Act, the government can take action against employees in any service, type of employment or class if they strike work and it affects maintenance of services essential to the community. The previous form of the Act, which expired on May 26, 2010, covered government or semi-government staffers as well as employees of public transport services, power and gas utilities and public health and sanitation entities. These services were identified as \"essential\" and employees engaged in them were not permitted to strike work.The new Act still gives the state the power to prohibit lockouts, layoffs and strikes in establishments. Employees resorting to \"illegal \" strikes could face a six-month jail term and a fine of Rs 2,000. The new provisions also permit the state to prosecute those lending financial support to such strikes. People instigating employees to go on a strike could face a one-year jail term or a fine of Rs 2,000.Shiv Sena members Deepak Sawant and Neelam Gorhe claimed that new provisions introduced in the bill violated the fundamental right to protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12738487", "title": "Motor vehicles department intercepts Navy bus for flouting rules", "text": "KOCHI: Rulers of the seas can't take rules of the land for granted. This was the bitter lesson that Navy personnel of the southern naval command learnt at the hands of the motor vehicles department (MVD) on Sunday.The MVD intercepted a Navy bus that was illegally carrying a marriage party at Aluva on Sunday. The bus was coming from Perumbavoor. MVD sources told TOI that the Navy vehicle was impounded during a routine check. \"We stopped it during our operation to check violation of traffic rules. The 50-seater bus with civilian passengers on board was proceeding to Panangad,\" sources said.\"It was found that the bus and those who had contracted it had flouted rules in the Motor Vehicle Act. They can operate a vehicle as a contract carriage only if they remit a specified tax amount,\" MVD officials said.Navy people used the bus as a contract carriage without paying the stipulated tax. \"We are strict in impounding private vehicles which are being used as contract carriage,\" officials said.\"We asked the Navy officials concerned to pay a fine of Rs 38,000 as pending tax and Rs 5,000 for using the official vehicle for personal use,\" an official said. The bus was later released. However, the Navy has not paid the fine till now.When contacted, Navy sources confirmed the incident. They said the bus was allowed to be used for a marriage function following a sailor's request. \"But the bus was allegedly misused by a civilian employee of the command,\" sources confirmed.\"We have a welfare scheme that allows the defence personnel to contract our vehicles for private functions like marriage, etc. There was a violation of rules in this case. We have decided to carry out a departmental inquiry into the incident,\" Navy sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740923", "title": "Foreign-funded projects to ease water crisis in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Struggling for long due to an acute water crisis, residents of Guwahati are set to get some relief with two foreign-funded drinking water supply schemes that promise to provide 24-hour running water to households on pre-paid system by smart cards set to start operations by 2016.The newly formed Guwahati Metropolitan Drinking Water and Sewerage Board held its first meeting with chief minister Tarun Gogoi to review the implementation of the schemes funded by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Asian Development Bank . The Japanese house has sanctioned Rs 1,200 crore for the project, which will cover the Guwahati East assembly constituency, North Guwahati and parts of the Dispur constituency. The parts of the Dispur constituency, which will not be covered under the JICA project, will be covered under the Rs 442-crore ADB-funded project. A third water supply scheme under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission is also underway. The Centre will bear 90% of the estimated Rs 281 crore outlay, while the state government will pay the remaining. The scheme is mainly for south Guwahati area.\"The meeting discussed various issue relating to handing over the responsibilities of ensuring supply of drinking water, its monitoring and collecting payments from users through meters and smart cards to the Jal Board,\" an official source said.With several multi-storied apartments coming up with deep-borings in the unplanned city, drinking water has become a major problem. The existing piped water supply system, which covers only a small portion of the city, has also worn out and lived beyond its life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739591", "title": "Hiranandani to submit plans for low-cost homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Real estate developer Niranjan Hiranandani will submit plans within two weeks to begin construction of affordable houses of 40 and 80sq m areas in his Powai township. After the Supreme Court declined to dilute the February ruling of the Bombay high court or stay the order that banned him from undertaking any construction till he provides affordable housing, the developer was before the HC on Thursday.His lawyers, senior counsel Aspi Chinoy, Dinyar Madon along with Parimal Shroff, showed maps to point out the open space position on which the developer would now build the houses. His contention was that the court must take into account the 15% commercial construction permitted under DCR while calculating the area on which these tenements are to be constructed. He claimed he ought to build them on a reduced land size.The bench headed by Chief Justice Mohit Shah asked the builder to first begin construction of the houses as directed. The court posted the matter to the third week of June for a progress report and did not consider the builder's argument on commercial construction.The HC, on February 22, passed its order which stopped the developer from going on with his lavish constructions. The judgment was on a PIL filed by activists who said that the developer had flouted a 1986 tripartite agreement with the state and MMRDA which allowed him to develop 230 acres in Powai and construct affordable houses and hand over part to the state.The HC held that the developer flouted the agreement and the SC orally expressed its displeasure. \"That place was meant for below middle class people. You built palaces for those who can afford Bentleys,\" it said.In 1986, the state passed an award determining the compensation at the rate of Re 1 per hectare for lands acquired from landholders. In return, the developer was to construct affordable flats.The HC directed the Hiranandanis to construct 3,100 affordable houses (1,593 flats of 80 sq m and 1,511 flats of 40 sq m). Around 450 of these apartments, the court said, have to be offered to the state at a rate of Rs 135 per sq ft. Once these instructions have been complied with, the developer would have to take permission to embark on further construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ahmedabad", "code": "12739818", "title": "Singham bats for Modi, but praises Sanjiv Bhatt too", "text": "CHANDIGARH/AHMEDABAD: After Big B, another Bollywood celebrity has come out to bat for chief minister Narendra Modi's \"vibrant Gujarat\". This time it's Ajay Devgn, who not long ago, drew accolades for playing an upright cop, against unlawful politicians in last year's blockbuster, Singham.Announcing the completion of 25MW solar plant at Charankha in Patan district, in which Devgn also has a stake, Devgn was all praise for Modi during an interaction with the media in Chandigarh.\"The project was initiated and completed in a record eight months. This could be possible only because of \"clear vision\" and support for chief minister Narendra Modi,\" he said.The project, a joint venture of the Roha Group, Devgn and Kumar Mangat, was inaugurated by Modi on April 19. Advocating the benefits of solar energy, Devgn said in view of growing shortage of power, \"Green energy\" was the most viable alternative. \"Even at my farmhouse I have installed a solar plant,\" he said. Devgn, mentioned that he wanted to hold the interaction in Ahmedabad but due to his shooting for his movie Bol Bacchhan in Punjab, he requested other partners, Ramkant J Tiberwala of Roha group, and Kumar Mangat to join him for the press conference at the Union Territory.Unwittingly praises Sanjiv BhattThough full of praise for Modi, Devgn seemed unaware that Gujarat's suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, whom a section of media had identified with his character of 'Singham', was at loggerheads with his favourite CM.When asked, for his take on parallels being drawn between the character and Bhatt and what he thought of Bhatt's performance as a law keeper, the straight forward actor quipped, \"Woh bahut hi accha kaam kar rahen hain, (He is doing a great job).'' When informed that the cop had been suspended reportedly at the instance of Modi, the actor was visibly embarrassed. It took a couple of feel good questions, to revive the enthusiasm of the versatile actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740377", "title": "'We plotted to kill all Tikkus, including Anuj\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: While model Simran Sood has reportedly told police she was the one who introduced the missing Karankumar Kakkar to bookies, the main accused in Kakkar's disappearance and Arunkumar Tikku's murder, Vijay Palande, has said that there was a plan to kill all the Tikkus one by one, including Anuj.Money and property were the reasons he killed Tikku and Kakkar, Palande told the Mumbai crime branch. Till police are certain they've found Kakkar's remains, they are not applying murder charges in that case.Palande said that during last year's IPL, Kakkar lost Rs 40 to 45 lakh in betting, but still bought a BMW worth Rs 30 lakh. \"This made him think Kakkar was rich and he would get a lot of money and a car if he killed him,\" said an officer.In separate interrogations, Sood said she played a key role in introducing Kakkar to cricket bookies in Mumbai. Cops are hoping to stumble on a betting racket once they are through with the murder probe.Palande told the police that last year an inebriated Anuj Tikku said his father Arunkumar had properties in Mumbai , Gurgaon and Delhi worth more than Rs 50 crore. Palande and his associates, Manoj Gajkosh and Dhananjay Shinde, planned to kill the Tikkus one by one. The plan went awry when a neighbour in the Oshiwara building raised an alarm while Gajkosh and Shinde were fleeing after killing Arun. \"Palande then dropped the idea of killing Anuj,\" said an officer.The police on Thursday searched the houses of Palande's sisters, Shaila Shinde and Smita Shinde, in Borivli and Dahisar, for a marriage certificate . \"We want to know if Simran and Palande were really married. His sisters said Palande married Simran in 1999,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12746043", "title": "Veena Mallik plays Silk Smitha in a Kannada film", "text": "Though it is years since she had a sad end to her life, Silk Smitha still remains the sex goddess for many. While she may not have made much money in her life, there seems to be many who are reaping crores using her name. One such team was the film of 'The Dirty Picture' which made massive profits.Now, it is heard that another movie is going to be made and this is going to be a more realistic side of Silk Smitha. This is happening in Kannada and it is heard that the project marks the debut of the Pakistani actress Veena Mallik in the lead role. The man to make this happen is producer Venkatappa.It is heard that this film will have some really bold and intimate scenes which will showcase the life of Silk in the realistic manner. This would be directed by Trishul and sources say Veena is getting a whopping Rs 85 lakhs as her remuneration. Wonder what must be the soul of Silk Smitha thinking looking at all this.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12742767", "title": "I need a break: Nagarjuna", "text": "Grey-haired and austere, the all-new Nagarjuna, who has completely transformed himself to look like Shirdi Sai Baba in his upcoming devotional flick, says he is in need of a breather after this role. \"The film will be completed by May. After that, I would like to take a break before starting work on my next film,\" he says.The actor says he worked hard to get into the skin of the character. \"Usually, before portraying a new character, a photo shoot is done as a look test. But we didn't do that. We took one of my stills from \" Sri Ramadasu\" and added a few details to it. I started shooting directly. On day one of the shoot, everybody on the sets was surprised to see me as Shirdi Sai Baba.\"Ask him about the research involved to fit the role of the saint and Nagarjuna says, \"Nobody knows what Baba's mannerisms were like. We have done our research and I've improvised accordingly. When I did \" Annamayya\" and \"Ramadasu\" too, I didn't prepare too much. Things just fell into place.\"Buzz is that Nagarjuna's much-hyped \" Damarukam\" is in financial trouble and has not seen the light of the day due to monetary issues. But Nag laughs off these stories. \"The movie is a socio-fantasy flick with computer graphics. It was completed in December, but the CG team wanted at least six months to work on it. The movie will be ready by June,\" says Nag, who has a couple of other projects in the pipeline.While the actor is enjoying a good run after his last film \" Rajanna\" got critical acclaim, the same cannot be said of son Naga Chaitanya, whose last two films - \"Dhada\" and \"Bejawada\" bombed at the box office. Ask him if he manages his son's career like it is reported and he says, \"Initially, I guided him, but I'm not managing his career now. He makes his own choices.\"Apart from his films, Nagarjuna's latest baby - his acting school - is keeping him busy. \"Recently, the dean of ISB visited my school and has expressed interest in tying up with us. I want quality film education to be imparted to students. Filmmakers from here should be equipped to go to Hollywood. There is lot of talent here. Even I was surprised when I watched short films made by our students,\" says Nag, who now plans to start a three-year degree course in his school.Nagarjuna has even given his nod to act in a film by the students of this school. \"The revenue generated from that film will go back to the school. I have already given them my dates. Now they have to come up with a nice script,\" says Nagarjuna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12739016", "title": "Four prabhag samiti heads win unopposed", "text": "NASHIK: Four out of the six divisions of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elected chairpersons of the respective prabhag samitis, in which the contestants won unopposed on Thursday. The election process was conducted by the chief executive officer of zilla parishad, Ranjit Kumar.In West division, Madhuri Jadhav of MNS and Yogita Aher of Congress had filled the nomination forms. As the MNS-BJP was the majority party in the division, Aher withdrew her nomination and Jadhav was elected. Jashav said that the development of the prabhag, with emphasis on slum development, would be her priority.In Satpur, Shaikh Salim Ismail and Surekha Nagre from MNS withdrew their nominations. Sachin Bhor of CPM won unopposed. Bhor said that he will work for the development of the city from the point of view of the Kumbh mela.On Friday, elections in two major divisions, Nashik Road and CIDCO, will take place, which are expected to be won by Shiv Sena .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12738825", "title": "Body of second drowned youth found near Palse", "text": "NASHIK: The body of the missing youth, Pankaj Rayate, who drowned along with Gautam Navghire, was found near the Bableshwar old pumping station near Palse, nearly two km from the spot where the youths drowned, said Rajendra Bairagi, station officer, Nashik Road fire brigade.Rayate and Navghire, both 22 years old, were reported drowned near the pick-up weir on Darna river on Tuesday afternoon. According to villagers, the two had apparently gone to the pick-up weir to swim. When one of them was pulled in by the strong water currents, the other plunged into the water to save him, and both drowned.While attempts by the fire personnel to retrieve the bodies of the drowned youths failed on Tuesday evening, they succeeded in retrieving the body of Navghire on Wednesday morning at 8am.For the entire day on Wednesday, fire personnel were trying to retrieve Rayate's body, but were unable to do so. They were expecting the body to surface by Wednesday evening since it has already been 24 hours since he drowned.A few swimmers from Gangapur also visited the weir to search the river-bed for the body of the youth. However, since three gates of the weir were open, the strong water currents made it difficult for them to dive deep. The swimmers claimed that had the gates been closed for a few minutes, they would have been able to find the body. However, the authorities concerned reportedly cited technical difficulties in shutting down the gates.The firemen returned empty-handed on Wednesday evening. Around 8.30am on Thursday, they got a call that a body had been discovered near Bableshwar, the old pumping station near Palse. They retrieved the body and handed it over to Rayate's family members, nearly 40 hours after he was reported drowned.Efforts were underway till 5 pm on Wednesday to fish out the body, however Pankaj Rayate could not be traced. A few swimmers from Gangapur also visited weir to search the body of the missing youth from the river bed. However, since three gates of the pick-up weir were open, the strong currents of water from the gates prevented them from going deep into the waters. The swimmers claimed had the gates been closed down for a few minutes, they could fetch the body, but the concerned authorities were reported to be citing technical difficulties in shutting down the gates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12738683", "title": "Indian envoy sought \u2018note\u2019 from under-siege Maldives president", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian high commissioner in Male, Dyaneshwar Mule, had actually asked for a \"note\" in response to an urgent appeal for help when a coup was unfolding in the archipelago in February this year, deposed Maldives president Mohammed Nasheed said on Thursday.Nasheed's claim contradicts the Indian version that Mule had asked Nasheed if he needed help and that the leader replied in the negative.Speaking to the media, Nasheed said the transfer of power in the Maldives was the first \"televised coup\" and Mule had \"caught the wrong end of the stick\". Canvassing support for his point of view and early elections in his country, Nasheed said that having written a book on 200 years of coups in the Maldives, \"I knew one when I saw one\".India's lack of anticipation was glaringly highlighted by the coup that came weeks after the Maldives hosted a high-profile meeting of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) attended by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other leaders.Nasheed's actions against a judge and before that placing the Maldives Parliament deputy speaker under house arrest had aggravated a stand-off with his opponents and had finally precipitated his ouster.In India, Nasheed is meeting a cross-section of society and officialdom, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh next week.Narrating his version of the events on February 7 that led to his resignation, Nasheed said he had been kept in detention in the presidential house after he had publicly resigned, but managed to slip out at 7pm and reached home.\"Not having slept for two nights, I fell asleep,\" the former president recounted. It was not until the afternoon of the next day that Nasheed declared he had been ousted in a coup. Recounting his experience, he said he feared being tied in ropes and dragged out by the military and police officers. But he could not explain why he felt compelled to go to the military headquarters at dawn, except that it was \"part of the constitution\".Nasheed has sought snap polls in the Maldives, painting scary scenarios of military rule and Islamists controlling the future of the country. Maldivian president Waheed announced on Wednesday that elections would be held in July 2013. Nasheed disagreed, saying he would like polls to be held next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739560", "title": "New commissioners await corporations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting to rest speculation, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday came out with the names of the three commissioners who will hold charge of the three new municipal corporations in the coming month. Without sharing who will administer which of the three corporations, Dikshit gave three names - P K Gupta, Manish Gupta and Janak Diggal - for the new posts.\"We have decided upon the names. I have signed the file and lieutenant governor, too, has signed it. Notification will be done in a few days,\" Dikshit said.While names of bureaucrats Manish Gupta and Janak Diggal had been doing the rounds in the government circles for sometime, bureaucrat PK Gupta's name has come up as a surprise. Throughout, the third name under speculation was that of Debashree Mukherjee, who currently holds charge of officer on special duty in MCD. \"Debashree will be joining us here in government,\" Dikshit said.P K Gupta is currently special commissioner, transport and has held special charge of chairman-cum-managing director of DTC in the past. He served on important posts in MCD. Manish Gupta is currently holding charge of additional commissioner in engineering branch of MCD, and Diggal is additional commissioner of MCD's establishment branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740149", "title": "10-year-old dies in accident at Sangvi", "text": "PUNE: A 10-year-old girl died after she was hit by a speeding dumper at Dhorenagar in old Sangvi on Wednesday afternoon.The deceased, Suchita Khakindra Tamatta, was a resident of Dhorenagar. The police have arrested dumper driver Kakasaheb Jagdhane, a resident of Nigdi for negligent driving.Police sub-inspector of the Sangvi police station Archana Patil said the incident took place around 3 pm when Suchita was playing by the roadside. Suchita came under the front wheel of the dumper and died on the spot. The dumper driver fled the place but he was arrested later.Suchita and her parents had shifted to Dhorenagar some two months back. Her father works as a driver.Suchita's uncle Kiran Mahel has lodged a complaint with the Sangvi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12740864", "title": "CID may take over UK district forest mining cases", "text": "KARWAR: The government is contemplating handing over illegal quarrying and mining cases in the Western Ghat areas of Uttara Kannada district to the Crime Investigation department (CID), sources said.After the CEC team led by R Gokul, Conservator of Forest (Vigilance), visited coastal Uttara Kannada in the first week of April it was found that there was rampant illegal quarrying and mining in the forest areas of Uttara Kannada district.In most cases, explosives were used to blast stones in the forest areas defying Supreme Court guidelines.The satellite pictures and the GPS show illegal quarrying and involvement of officials of the forest department. Following the CEC team's a deputy range forest officer and a guard were suspended in Honnavar taluk three days ago. The government is keen to show that it has acted against illegal quarrying in the encroached forest land so the case will be handed over to the CID.The notification in this regard is expected to be out within a week, forest department sources said. The aim of the investigation would be to fix responsibility of officials and quarry owners who were hand in glove with the mining barons, officials said.More officials are expected to face the heat in the coming days, department sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739584", "title": "State cooperative bank gets RBI licence", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India on Thursday granted a licence to the 100-year-old Maharashtra state cooperative bank, once controlled by NCP, on the recommendation of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard). \"As per Nabard norms, a cooperative bank is eligible to secure RBI licence if it has 4% capital adequacy. The RBI granted a licence as the bank achieved the target in the current financial year,\" a state official told ToI.The RBI had on May 8, 2011 dissolved the board of directors on charges of rampant financial irregularities.As the bank was directly controlled by the Sharad Pawar-led NCP and his nephew, deputy CM Ajit Pawar, it was felt that Nabard would not recommend that the RBI dissolve the board of directors. But RBI did so and had told the government to appoint administrators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739975", "title": "Government bans strike in Lucknow University, colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of ongoing examinations, the state government on Thursday banned strike in Lucknow University, associated and constituent colleges for next three months.Acting on the directions of Governor BL Joshi, the order was issued by higher education secretary Rajnish Gupta. The order states that Section 3(1) of UP Essential Services Maintenance Act (UPESMA), 1966, will be applicable in the university and associated colleges.Lucknow University employees and Lucknow University Associated Colleges Teachers' Association (LUACTA) have been threatening to go on strike in support of their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738437", "title": "CM launches IVRS to monitor mid-day meal scheme", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday launched the Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS) developed by an IT company for the state's education department to monitor the implementation of mid-day meal scheme in the 72,000 government schools.The CM also launched the scheme's website - www.dopahar.org - which would put in public domain the information gathered through IVRS for public verification and scrutiny. It is likely to make the scheme's implementation more transparent and free from irregularities.Those present on the occasion included deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , industries and disaster management department minister Renu Kumari, education department's principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh and Bihar Education Project director Rajesh Bhushan, among others.Under the IVRS, for four days a week beginning Monday, headmasters or headmasters in-charge of their respective schools would be asked three questions to elicit information on the presence of students in the school, number of beneficiaries and if the food prepared was as per the menu of the day. Later, it would be put on the website daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738450", "title": "Govt advisory panel for Tillari project constituted", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has constituted a 20-member command area development (CAD) board as per the Goa Command Area Development Act, 1997, to advise it in all matters pertaining to command area development of Tillari irrigation project.The board will be headed by water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar as chairman and will include other government officials.The total land under the Goa-Maharashtra joint irrigation (command area) of Tillari irrigation is projected at 2,599 ha in Bicholim and 3,501 ha in Pernem (total 6,100 ha), as on March 2009. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12745568", "title": "Anna Hazare, Baba Ramdev to hold joint fast in Delhi on June 3", "text": "GURGAON: Anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev will jointly sit on a one day token fast in Delhi on June 3.Speaking during a press conference with Ramdev, Hazare said the fast will press for a strong Lokpal bill and mobilise opinion against black money.Ramdev told media persons that he will start a country wide protest from May 1 and also warned of a bigger movement from August.\"We need two 'andolans' (movements) to bring back black money stashed abroad and to push for a strong Lokpal. I will sit on a token fast with Anna on June 3,\" Ramdev said.Ramdev said that he along with Anna Hazare would start an agitation from Chhattisgarh's Durg from May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12742907", "title": "138 million Indian smokers do not know tobacco causes stroke", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 138 million Indian smokers do not know that smoking tobacco causes stroke.As many as 92 million on the other hand aren't aware that tobacco causes heart disease.According to a report released on Friday by the World Heart Federation, half of all Chinese smokers and one-third of Indian and Vietnamese smokers are unaware of the risks tobacco poses to our heart.Awareness of the risk of secondhand smoke is even lower.Around 275 million Indians consume tobacco which has 3095 chemical components - 28 of which are proven carcinogens tha can cause cancer According to WHF, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the world's leading cause of death, killing 17.3 million people every year.Eighty per cent of these deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries like India, which are increasingly being targeted by the tobacco industry.Tobacco use and secondhand smoke exposure causes about one-tenth of global deaths from CVD.Even smoking a few cigarettes a day significantly increases the risk of heart disease. Smokeless tobacco products have also been linked to an increased risk of heart disease and stroke.Secondhand smoke exposure increases the risk of heart disease by 25 per cent and more than 87 per cent of worldwide adult deaths caused by secondhand smoke are attributable to CVD.The report, entitled \"Cardiovascular harms from tobacco use and secondhand smoke\" was commissioned by the WHF and written by the International Tobacco Control Project (ITC Project), in collaboration with the Tobacco Free Initiative at the World Health Organization . Professor Geoffrey T Fong at the University of Waterloo, Canada and chief principal Investigator of the ITC Project, said \"This report shows a broad correlation between poor knowledge of the risks of tobacco use and high levels of smoking prevalence. To break this link and reduce the deadly toll of tobacco, more needs to be done to increase awareness of the specific health harms.\"Professor Fong added \"Our research shows that the risks of tobacco use to lung health are very widely accepted. But we need to attain the same level of knowledge and awareness that tobacco use can cause heart disease, stroke , and peripheral vascular disease and secondhand smoke can cause heart attack.\"According to Fong, health warning labels are known to be an effective method for educating the public on the health harms of tobacco products.A number of countries have introduced warnings about the increased risk of heart disease or heart attack, but no country has yet implemented a label to warn people that secondhand smoke causes heart disease.Johanna Ralston, CEO of World Heart Federation, commented: \"If people don't know about the cardiovascular effects of tobacco use and secondhand smoke exposure, they cannot understand how much or how quickly smokers are endangering not only their own lives, but those of family members, friends , co-workers or other non-smokers who breathe tobacco smoke. In countries like India or China, so many people are at high risk for heart attack or stroke, and it strikes at a relatively early age: risks of CVD are far more present and immediate than most of the better-known fatal effects of tobacco use and secondhand smoke exposure.\"According to him, knowing about cardiovascular risks of tobacco will help smokers take quitting seriously, and encourage people to demand and comply with policies that protect everyone from the harms of tobacco.The report, which presents data from two major global tobacco research and surveillance studies - the Global Tobacco Surveillance System (GTSS) and the ITC Project - recommends three steps to reduce the current and future cases of CVD due to tobacco use - which may total over 100 million people - among the one billion people throughout the world who smoke today, and of their families exposed to secondhand smoke:\"Increase the price of tobacco products, eliminate tobacco promotion and marketing and Implement 100 per cent smokefree laws in workplaces and public places - which is proven to significantly lower hospital admissions for heart attacks ,\" it suggested.A recent WHO report had said that almost 2 in 5 deaths among adults aged 30 years and above in India are caused due to smokeless tobacco. According to WHO's \"Mortality attributable to tobacco report\" globally 12% of all deaths among adults aged 30 years and over were due to smokeless tobacco in 2004 compared with 16% in India, 17% in Pakistan and 31% in Bangladesh .Direct tobacco smoking was responsible for 5 million deaths. Another 6 lakh people died from second-hand smoke. Over the next 20 years, the annual death toll from tobacco will be 8 million, with more than 80% of those deaths projected to occur in low- and middle-income countries.WHO says tobacco could, in the 21st century, kill over 1 billion people. Many think smokeless tobacco is safer than the smoking form. However that's not really true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741087", "title": "Retired Naval vice-admiral dead", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Retired vice-admiral Ganesh Prasad Panda passed away at his Bhubaneswar residence from acute respiratory distress and cardiac failure recently. He was 78.Admiral Panda was a native of Barikul village in Jajpur district. He completed his matriculation and early college in Bolangir. Upon graduating from SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack, he joined the Navy, where he specialised in ENT, and then went on to become the senior advisor in ENT and finally, director general medical services (Navy), in a career spanning 36 years, family sources said.He served on the front during the Indo-China war of 1962 at the North East Frontier Agency (now Arunachal Pradesh ). He headed the naval hospitals at Port Blair (INHS Dhanvantari), Visakhapatnam (INHS Kalyani), and Mumbai (INHS Asvini). He was also the command medical officer of both Eastern and Western Naval Commands. As the director general medical services (Navy), he was awarded the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal for meritorious service.He retired from the Navy in 1994 and had been leading a quiet retired life in Odisha since, engaged in philanthropic work. He is survived by his wife Bidyullata Panda, daughter (who is a doctor in Germany) and two sons, one of whom is a serving captain in the Indian Navy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738494", "title": "Campal draws inspiration from the Netherlands", "text": "PANAJI: With the aim of revitalizing the St Inez creek to a pristine condition, a group of Campal residents under the Goa For Giving trust has drawn up a master plan for the purpose.The group led by musician Armando Gonsalves includes other residents of Campal such as Nalini Afonso and Deric Rebello together with architect Manguesh Prabhugaonkar, who has formulated the master plan among others.\"When I was young, we used to go fishing in the creek,\" said Gonsalves. \"Now, I don't think fish would survive as the creek is completely devoid of oxygen,\" he added. Gonsalves said the group had decided to rename the creek as the 'Campal Creek'.It is currently known as the St Inez 'nullah' due to its squalid condition, residents said.\"We want to create energy that all of us want to change the area...energize the area,\" said Gonsalves, who added that the group would be happy if all creeks and water bodies in the state were revitalized.He said the plan was to model the Campal creek on the lines of the creek in Amersfoort town in the Netherlands due to the similarities between the two.Prabhugaonkar said the creek had been reduced to its current state due to sheer neglect. He showcased a presentation on the various aspects of the master plan which includes reopening of clogged storm water drains and outlets, landscaping, irrigation, lighting, repair ofbridges and retaining walls along the creek, beautification with ornamental sculptures and temporary installations.Prabhugaonkar said the master plan could be implemented in phases and completed in three years and the entire project including beautification could cost around Rs 50-60 crore. Gonsalves said the group planned to approach the new state government and the CCP and hoped they would be willing to execute the master plan. He also hoped to create awareness towards the project and hoped the people living along the creek would cooperate.Presently, sewage from hutments and other houses along the creek is emptied into it leading to pollution of the water. The creek also sees garbage and other waste dumped into it. Ricardo Rebello, an activist, felt that tidal flushing could also help clean the creek naturally to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739034", "title": "Hounded by eve-teasers, girl ends life", "text": "JAIPUR: Upset over repeated eve-teasing by four youths, a 21-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her residence in Mahaua area in Dausa district. The police have arrested all the accused.The girl, Deeksha Sharma, who was pursuing BA first year at Mahatma Gandhi College in Dausa, locked herself in the room of her house on Thursday morning. When she did not respond to repeated calls from her parents, they unlocked the room only to find her hanging from the fan, police said.The police have also found a suicide note on the spot. They have arrested four youths since the girl had accused them of eve-teasing her in the past couple of years.\"She had said in the suicide note that these youths were showing indecent signs whenever she used to visit the college,\" said a police officer.\"We have arrested all the four accused. We are investigating their role to find if they could also be implicated for outraging the modesty of the girl,\" said Satyaveer Singh, superintendent of police.The accused were identified as Sonu, Devendra, Sunil and Sandeep, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739349", "title": "DU website \u2018glitch\u2019 puts first semester students in fix", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thousands of undergraduate first semester students were in for a shock on Wednesday night when they found out that their marks as displayed on the Delhi University website have been reduced overnight. However, DU accepted this 'technical glitch' later and the reduced marks have been taken off website. The results for the first semester examination had been on display on the DU website since December 2011-January 2012.DU did not issue physical marksheets for the first semester results and made them available online for the students. When the students tried to access their marks on Wednesday, they found discrepancies in the marks shown from the ones declared earlier in December-January.Many students from across colleges found that though the overall scores remained the same, individual marks had been reduced by 7% to 8%. In some cases it had been reduced by as many as 20 to 30 marks.\"My friend from Hindu College phoned me and asked me to check my semester marks online. He said something is wrong with the marksheets uploaded. I checked, and to my horror I had lost 35 marks overall,\" said a student from Kamala Nehru College.Around 40 students from Hindu College approached the dean of students, the dean examinations and the vice chancellor's office with their grievances.Following frantic calls from students and after realizing the goof up, the DU administration removed the contents from the website and placed a corrigendum under a heading 'student's examination form details verification and old marks statement', stating that there was some technical error and the results have been withdrawn.According to highly placed sources in DU, the error occurred during uploading the verified results of the first semester results. \"The internal assessment marks got mixed up and therefore the marks of the individual papers got affected. This created a panic situation as it involves a large number of students and they don't have physical marksheets,\" said the official.D S Jaggi, controller of examinations, DU, said, \"The error was due to a technical glitch. There is no change in the marks of the students and correct marks will be uploaded soon. We were trying to upload the updated results when the error occurred.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12740983", "title": "One more H1N1 case in Davanagere", "text": "DAVANAGERE: One person from Hatturu in Honnali taluk tested positive for H1N1, according to Dr J.M. Saroja Bai, district surveillance officer, here on Thursday.She told reporters here on Thursday that blood samples of five H1N1 suspected persons had been sent to Nimhans in Bangalore. As per the report, one case has been diagnosed positive, two negative and two more cases are yet to be confirmed. A 16-year-old girl from Hatturu in Honnali taluk, who is suffering from H1N1, is responding to treatment well.According to Saroja, special masks along with drugs were provided to the family members of the H1N1 patient who died in Vinobhanagar here recently. The Davanagere City Corporation will take up awareness campaigns from Friday.The deputy commissioner has asked health department to get more tablets and special masks as a preventive measure to check H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738765", "title": "Vayalar Ravi visit widens Congress caste rift", "text": "HYDERABAD: The visit by AICC observer Vayalar Ravi has exposed the fault lines within the state Congress which finds itself divided along caste lines. Several party leaders have questioned the camaraderie the central observer, who had a few BC leaders rallying behind him, was seen as having shared with new entrants like Chiranjeevi even as chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was sidelined.With Vayalar Ravi leaving on his tour of the East and West Godavari districts on Thursday, Adilabad Congress leader and former minister Indrakaran Reddy charged central party leaders with giving undue importance to leaders belonging to the former Prajarajyam party at the expense of ruling party seniors.On Wednesday, Nalgonda district Congress leader R Damodar Reddy had taken strong objection to Ravi's driving down to Chiranjeevi's residence on a breakfast visit. In response, labour minister and BC leader Danam Nagender said that Damodar Reddy's reaction betrayed his bias against the weaker sections.\"What is wrong in it if an AICC leader attends a breakfast meeting hosted by Chiranjeevi.\"Mind you, it was Chiranjeevi who saved Congress by voting with the government at last year's no-confidence motion in the Assembly,\" Danam said, adding that Ravi had merely made a courtesy call to a leader who stood for social justice.The labour minister wondered how his party colleague was saying nothing about Ravi's visit on Monday to the residence of Rajya Sabha member Palvai Govardhan Reddy.\"Damodar Reddy's remarks show his discomfort at the growing importance of the weaker sections in the party,\" Danam said.Congress sources said that Reddy community leaders were upset with Ravi as he had given the impression that he was in Hyderabad to gather information against the chief minister.\"Why is the Congress high command giving undue importance to leaders like Chiranjeevi and ignoring seniors who have loyally stood behind the party for years,\" asked Indrakaran Reddy. Kiran Kumar had called on Ravi with a bouquet of flowers upon his return from New Delhi on Wednesday night.The two leaders did not meet on Thursday before Ravi left on his tour of the districts.\"The Reddy leaders are also angry with Ravi for granting audience to CM-baiters like PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, MP V Hanumantha Rao, health minister DL Ravindra Reddy and former minister P Shankar Rao,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740745", "title": "Spine surgery facility at KMC Hospital", "text": "MANGALORE: KMC Hospital, Dr BR Ambedkar Circle here has launched a state-of-the-art spine surgery facility. Dr Ishwara Keerthi C, a super specialty spine surgeon has joined the hospital, which allows the hospital to offer the most modern spine care for people of Mangalore and surrounding areas, Dr Sunil Deshpande, senior vice-president, operations stated.Dr Ishwara joined the hospital after a national board fellowship in spine surgery at Madras Institute of Orthopaedics and Trauma Hospitals, Chennai. He has a rich experience of working with renowned spine surgeons namely, Dr SP Mohanty from Kasturba Hospital, Manipal and Dr P V A Mohandas, Dr U S Srinivasan and Dr CS Dhillon from MIOT Hospitals, Chennai.Individuals with back pain, neck pain, radiating leg (sciatica) and arm pain, stiff back and neck and injury to spine can avail the facility of the spine surgery department. Dr Ishwara is also specialized in operating deformities of the spine. With addition of spine surgery department, the neurosurgery and orthopaedics department at KMC Hospital is now equipped to give comprehensive care for spine treatment. For details call: 99723 88991", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739381", "title": "Decapitated head of actor yet to be found", "text": "MUMBAI: The Amboli police team on Thursday continued to search for the decapitated head of actor Minakshi Thapa in Uttar Pradesh but in vain.They recovered her headless body on Wednesday and handed it over to her family who cremated it in Allahabad.After being arrested, the accused, small-time actors Amit Jaiswal and Prity Surin, had confessed to police that they took Thapa to UP where they strangled and beheaded her and then dumped the body in a tank in Allahabad. They killed Thapa to extort Rs 15 lakh from her family, the police said. The accused also told the police that they had thrown the head from a bus between Allahabad to Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739991", "title": "Tender process for high security registration plates scheme begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh transport department on Thursday started the tendering process for the high security registration plates scheme. The department also uploaded the tender document on its website, inviting bids for fitment of HSRP.In order to ensure strict adherence to high security features and the accountability of successful bidder, no subletting, out-sourcing, sub-contracting or appointment of franchisee for the project work will be allowed by the government under any circumstances.The contractor, however, will be free to employ his own authorised employees. As per current trends, newly registered vehicles are increasing at the rate of 8% to 10% every year, in the state.All the new motor vehicles would have new registration plates, while the motor vehicles currently in use would have to be equipped with HRSP within two years of the implementation of the scheme. The total number of motor vehicles in Lucknow region, as on March 2012, is 21.6 lakh, and in the entire state is 1.2 crore. The number of vehicles registered in Lucknow region in 2011-12 is 2.2 lakh, whereas, in the state, the corresponding figure is 17 lakh. The bidder will have to fit new registration plates in all the vehicles.HSRP has been introduced by the Centre for prevention of counterfeiting and duplication of registration plate and to ensure uniformity in size, colour and specification of HSRP in all types of motor vehicles. The state transport department re-started the tendering process after the high court scrapped the tender awarded to Mumbai-based Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd on April 3, and gave a week-long deadline to award the contract afresh.The SC on April 12 stayed the order of the high court and ruled that while the transport department can start the tendering process, it cannot award the contract without the permission of the Supreme Court. The state will award the contract for a period of 10 years.However, it may not be before June that the state could formally award the contract, as the final date to submit the bids has been fixed for May 30.The successful bidder will have to maintain and operate the infrastructure, facilities, services and establishment, so created, at his own risks and costs. The tender document also says that the bidder will also be responsible for establishing embossing stations, site implementation and networking within state.The bidder or any of the directors of the bidder or its constituent entities of their directors, convicted of a cognizable offence by any court of law with imprisonment for a term exceeding one year; or imposed a penalty of Rs 1 crore or more for violation of the provisions of FERA or FEMA; detained under National Security Act or the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act; or adjudged guilty by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other such financial regulatory boards or tribunals or agencies; or found to be associated in any manner with an organised crime syndicate or its associate or with any association declared unlawful under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, or found to be connected with activities prejudicial to national security, is not considered for selection as manufacturer or vendor for supply of HSRP.The ownership or the composition or the constitution of the successful bidder should not be altered without prior permission of the UP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739099", "title": "Family loses second son, donates his eyes, skin", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Prateek Chedda (24), who died in the freak train mishap between Mulund and Nahur on Thursday, donated his skin and eyes soon after they were informed of the incident. Prateek's death has come as a huge blow to the family that had lost another son to medical problems four years ago.Like every other day, Prateek boarded the 8.40am CST-bound local from Dombivali, where he lived with his parents and younger brother. The marketing executive with a recycling firm was very particular about taking this train, his friends told TOI.He was to meet his travel buddy Paresh Goyal at Ghatkopar. \"We have known each other for several years now. He used to come from Dombivali and I met him at Ghatkopar. This has been our ritual since we met and became friends in the course of our travel,\" said Goyal. On Wednesday, though, Prateek was not standing in his usual position close to the door.The post-mortem report stated that he died of haemorrhage and shock due to multiple injuries.Prateek's father Dheeraj, who owns a garment shop in Dombivali, said though his elder son was dead, he wanted him to survive in somebody else's life. \"Even after his death, his organs will benefit someone. It is also a practice in the Jain community,\" he said.The news of his death shocked the neighbourhood. Prateek's neighbour Harish Sanghavi said, \"We were looking for a match as his parents wanted him to settle down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12739851", "title": "Despite ban, Ganesh Plaster of Paris idols may be immersed in Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: The Ganesh idol makers and organizers may once again have their way during Ganesh festivities this year. The city police that had banned immersion of Plaster of Paris (PoP) idols in the water bodies have decided to reconsider their decision by consulting the concerned parties. A group of idol makers and organizers met city police commissioner Satish Sharma on Wednesday night and presented their views over the issue.Sharma, who had issued a notification banning immersion of PoP idols in the water bodies some time ago, told them that the guidelines banning PoP idols were issued by environment and forest department and that the cops will find some solution. The group had organized maha aarti at a temple in Dandia Bazaar on Wednesday night to protest against the ban. The protestors were detained by the police, but were let off later after some BJP leaders intervened in the matter.\"We met Sharma and represented our side to him. We assured him that we won't use toxic colours for painting the idols. But it is not possible to make clay idols as it would be a costly affair. Also, we cannot make big idols out of clay. So we asked him to allow us to make PoP idols. Sharma assured that he would look into the matter and even said that there will be no restrictions on the height,\" head of Ganesh Utsav Samiti Virendra Sharma said.Sharma said political intervention helped them as some BJP leaders came forward to support them. \"We were let off by the cops on Wednesday night following which we organized maha aarti in Siddhi Vinayak temple. BJP city unit president Bharat Dangar also attended the aarti. Dangar told us that we will be allowed to celebrate the Ganesh festival without much restriction,\" Sharma told TOI.When contacted Sharma said, \"The group told me that they remove the main frame of the idol from the lake very next day. And, they assured that they won't use hazardous colours that pollute the water. As such the VMC is planning to clean up the entire lake. We are examining the points put forward by the idol makers and organizers.\" Police commissioner said, \"We don't want to have confrontation with anyone. We don't have any objections, but we are just acting on the guidelines. We are waiting for further guidelines from the government or the police will find out some solution in the matter.\"Dangar said, \"We are trying to find out some solution as religious sentiments are involved in it. Representations are being made to the government and I would say that there is no rigid stand over the PoP ban. Also, steps will be taken to avoid pollution to water bodies during the immersion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739173", "title": "Pay 1971 prisoners of wars' families within two weeks: High court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday set a deadline of two weeks for the Union ministry of defence to pay full salary and retirement benefits to kin of 54 prisoners of war (POWs), who are believed to be languishing in Pakistani jails after the 1971 war.The Centre will also have to approach the International Court of Justice for the release of these POWs within two weeks, as the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice Pardiwala said, \"Enough is enough. The government has crossed all limits.\"The HC has ordered the secretary of defence ministry to remain personally present before the court, in case the Centre fails to comply with the order.The Centre did not follow the court directions for nearly four months, and on Thursday sought another four months. However, the division bench rejected the request to grant this extension, said advocate Kishor Paul.The high court had issued these two directions last yearwith condition that once the POWs are released, the relatives would have to return the compensation amount to the soldiers.The petition was filed in 1999 by late Lt Gen Jagjit Singh Aurora who had sought direction from the court for the Centre for release of POWs of 1971 war languishing in Pakistan prisons. He had prayed that the POWs be treated as on duty and their families be given adequate compensation.The HC in January 2010 had imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 twice on the defence ministry for not filing a reply in the case for over 10 years despite repeated notices from the court.According to the Shimla Agreement, India sent back Pakistani POWs while the neighbouring country also sent 632 soldiers. But in 1999, it was found that 54 POWs were still languishing in Pakistani jails out of which two are from Gujarat - Kalyan Rathod from Sabarkantha and pilot N Shanker from Vadodara. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738735", "title": "Mahavir Nagar rink illegally locked up", "text": "NAGPUR: Children from Mahavir Nagar in Jaripatka were happy when their summer vacations began. Many of them bought skates and safeguards to practice on a skating rink built some six months ago by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation.However, their dreams have been shattered as some local residents have locked up the rink illegally preventing its use by the skaters. Apparently, they don't want children to play on a ground that also houses a 'Boudh vihar.'The NMC developed the playground following demands from citizens in Mahavir Nagar. The then corporator Vedprakash Arya took the initiative for the ground. After obtaining no-objection from Nagpur Improvement Trust, NMC constructed the skating rink by spending almost Rs 8 lakh. The corporation also spent Rs 4 lakh on compound wall for the facility and has sanctioned another Rs 4 lakh for developing a garden and installing play equipment there.At the same time, some residents reportedly constructed a Boudh Vihar illegally on one side of the ground. Other residents did not protested as they were happy with the rink and overall development of the park. As the skating rink was completed, the residents approached a city-based coach to train the children in skating. It remained open for the children until a few days ago.Now the people connected with Vihar have locked it up. \"They also patrol it to ensure no one tries to break it and enter inside the park. When we tried to enquire, we were told children disturbed the people who visited the Vihar for prayer,\" a senior citizen said. People who had reportedly locked up the park refused to comment.The residents have approached the local corporators Suresh Jigyasi and Bhavana Lonare and urged them to reopen the ground so that children could enjoy their summer vacation. Lonare assured to look into the matter. NMC's garden superintendent N B Shrikhande asserted nobody could lock up any public garden or other facility. He said action would be initiated against the culprits and the garden department would open the park by tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739930", "title": "Gujarat HC comes to rescue of damaged Dandi Pul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Centre, Gujarat government and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation will have to explain to the Gujarat high court how the historic Dandi Pul was damaged in a fire on Tuesday afternoon.A division bench of the HC took suo motu cognizance of reports carried in TOI about the neglect of the bridge, associated with Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March, and issued notices on Thursday. Mahatma Gandhi had cross the Dandi Pul, close to Sabarmati Ashram, as he launched the Dandi March in 1930. In 2005, the entire 365-km, from the Sabarmati Ashram to Dandi, was declared a heritage route by the Centre.TOI had reported how a portion of the historic bridge caught fire after a large heap of garbage dumped at its base was set on fire. The flames swirled up and burnt a gaping hole in the nearly 100-year-old wooden frame.The bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala asked the authorities to submit a report within two weeks on steps taken to repair the heritage structure. The bench also directed the administration to take steps to protect and preserve the structure and ensure that no further damage was caused to it.HC standing counsel Shalin Mehta said Justice Bhattacharya and Justice Pardiwala filed the suo motu PIL which sought immediate repair of the heritage structure and restoration to its original condition.The HC filed the PIL after Justice Anant Dave addressed a letter to the acting chief justice, expressing concern over the damage caused to the heritage structure. Annexing photocopies of TOI articles published on Wednesday, Justice Dave wrote that it was a fit case for suo motu action. He requested Justice Bhattacharya to initiate proceedings given that the heritage structure was of national and international importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739478", "title": "Suspended ACP\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Thursday rejected the anticipatory bail application (ABA) of suspended cop Anil Mahabole accused in a rape case.The victim, a middle-aged woman, alleged that Mahabole was blackmailing and sexually exploiting her. She told senior police officers that Mahabole offered her sweets laced with sedatives and then allegedly shot a video of her in a compromising position and used it to blackmail her.In an in-camera hearing, the defence told the court that the victim has made similar allegations against another senior police officer. \"She got a policeman transferred alleging that he was extorting money from her,\" the defence said. However, the prosecution said the officer against whom the allegations were levelled, may have been associated with Mahabole.\"The police are probing if that officer used the same clip to extort money from the victim,\" said special public prosecutor Dilip Shah.Mahabole filed the bail plea on Wednesday. In the application, he denied allegations levelled against him. He claimed that the victim was blackmailing him and had sent him \"threatening text messages\". The defence presented the text messages which the victim allegedly sent Mahabole. With reference to this Shah argued, \"We need to ascertain if these allegations are true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12741065", "title": "RTE Act can be a model for the world: Kapil Sibal", "text": "The RTE Act is an opportunity to break gender, caste, class and community barriers that threaten to damage the social fabric of our democracy and create fissures that could be ruinous to the country, writes Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal .The Supreme Court judgment upholding the constitutional validity of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act has once again focused public attention on education. While there has been enthusiastic praise of the judgment from most, there continues to be veiled criticism of the provisions of the act from some.Not withstanding the obligations cast on private educational institutions by the RTE Act, the major responsibility for universalizing elementary education, without doubt, lies with the state. Universalizing access and retention, bridging gender and social category gaps in enrolment, and improving quality of elementary education are the primary focus of government's interventions through the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.The provisions relating to private schools in the act do not mean that the Central and state governments are absolved of their primary responsibility of providing infrastructure and facilities, and an enabling environment to meet the objectives in the RTE Act. More than 90% of households in the country will have to continue to enrol their children in government schools - even after children belonging to disadvantaged groups and weaker sections obtain 25% of the seats in preschool/Class I in private schools every year.The provision for admitting 25% children from disadvantaged groups and weaker sections in private unaided (nonminority) schools is an attempt at affirmative action and social integration. This provision in the RTE Act will enable schools to ensure that their student bodies contain different types of children, so that each student brings something new and different to the school community, thereby enriching and adding value to it, and consequently creating a more democratic learning environment. The RTE Act is a modest effort to bring about social integration.It's undeniable that this means a major transformation for private schools. It is true that transformation does not take place on demand. Recognizing the difficulties involved in making the change, the act has adopted a \"gradualist\" approach, and provides for admission of children from weaker sections at entry stage only.With children admitted in preschool/ Class I moving up, and a new cohort entering the school each successive year, the school will gradually have a more diverse population spread across all classes.At this pace children will have the opportunity to grow up together and create bonds; bonds that will survive social walls. Progression at this pace will also allow schools to develop professional capacity to respond to the intellectual and emotional needs of children from diverse backgrounds. Children from adverse living conditions can bring rich experiences of coping with life, and sharing these experiences with well-off children can be invaluable. It is this mixing of children from diverse backgrounds that may change the character of the school in many positive ways.It is possible that in the initial years, some children from disadvantaged households may face difficulty in coping with the curriculum, especially if they are first-generation schoolgoers. But many children from disadvantaged groups have shown that, given a facilitative environment, they can cope with the curriculum as well as, and often, even better than other children.Indeed, statistics show that increasingly it is children from relatively poorer households who gain admission into IITs. In the sports arena too, it is largely children from poorer households who have excelled. Many schools managed by charitable and religious trusts already have a policy to admit a large number of children belonging to disadvantaged groups - without any compromise on quality.The long gestation period provided in the act would enable the schools to put in place institutional structures to ensure that the quality of education is not compromised. It is not going to be easy but can be done.The concern on the issue of financial implication on managements may be genuine in several cases. However, the per-child expenditure by many private schools, especially in rural areas and small towns, is lower than that in government schools. Reimbursement provided by government, therefore, will be adequate to meet the costs of educating children from weaker sections in such schools. But states must put in place open and transparent systems, preferably online, for reimbursement in a timebound and efficient manner.It is, however, true that some schools in metros have per-child budgets much in excess of those in state schools. These schools would have to find innovative ways to meet the gap. Philanthropic individuals, charitable trusts and corporate funding may be some ways out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12740966", "title": "Kidnappings fuel Manipur tension", "text": "IMPHAL: Tension gripped the remote Jessami village in Ukhrul district after six of its villagers were abducted by a large number of armed men from neighbouring Nagaland on Wednesday morning.Though the six abducted, including a village defence force (VDF) personnel, were released late at night after the intervention of the state authorities, security has been beefed up in the area to thwart possible outbreaks of violence following the renewed border land dispute.On Wednesday morning, the abducted men were tending to a paddy field in Jessami when the miscreants who belong to Melourie village in Nagaland's Phek district intruded into Manipur territory and whisked them away to their village, local sources said. The kidnappers were armed with guns and knives.Following the intervention of the Chingai constituency MLA Preshow Shimray, Ukhurl district's deputy commissioner and superintendent of police insisted on their Nagaland counterparts to secure the release of the six.Manipur chief secretary DS Poonia also intimated about the matter, along with his Nagaland counterpart, official sources said.\"Other than the VDF volunteer who was beaten badly by the abductors, there had been no major casualty in the incident. We have registered an FIR,\" Ukhrul SP, K Kabib, told TOI.\"Following the incident, we have beefed up security at Jessami. The police have been asked to stay on a red alert to ensure such incidents do not recur,\" the SP added.There have been reports of Melorie villagers encroaching upon land in Jessami, resulting in sparking of tension at the border areas.Following such incidents, the Jessami police station had been upgraded with the induction a sub-divisional police and large number of VDF personnel a few years ago.Meanwhile, Ukhurl police have recovered the head of Mahatama Gandhi's statue that was found missing from its erection site at Ukhrul district headquarters. In the wee hours of Sunday, the head of the Mahatma Gandhi statue erected at Gandhi Chowk close to Ukhrul town hall was found missing, forcing the cops to launch a massive manhunt to pull up the miscreants.Four persons, including a VDF personnel, has been arrested in connection with the act of vandalism with the VDF man being dismissed from his service.The statue's head was found in the office complex of the public works department at the district headquarters, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740947", "title": "Tea body completes 75 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Tea Planters' Association (ATPA), which is going to celebrate its platinum jubilee on Saturday and Sunday in Jorhat, has asked the government to formulate tea sector-specific policies.The oldest tea association in the state, ATPA, also expressed unhappiness over the inclusion of the tea sector under the ministry of commerce instead of the ministry of agriculture. ATPA chairman A R Kasera said that tea production is primarily an agricultural activity and should accordingly be categorised under the agriculture ministry.ATPA also announced its programme for the platinum jubilee celebration on Thursday.Kasera said that chief minister Tarun Gogoi, deputy chairman of the Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, state industries ministry Pradyut Bordoloi, chief secretary N K Das and tea board chairman MGVK Bhanu, among other dignitaries, are expected to take part in the platinum jubilee celebrations at Tocklai Experimental Tea Station in Jorhat on Saturday.ATPA members said that they were looking forward to Ahluwalia's participation as this would provide them an opportunity to draw the attention of the Planning Commission to issues related to tea sector.A postal stamp commemorating the occasion has also been planned. The proposal has already been submitted to the Centre, and the release of the stamp is expected in three months.tnnThe proposal has already been submitted to the Centre, and the release of the stamp is expected in three months.ATPA is the first tea producers' association formed by Indian planters during the pre-Independence period. The body, then called the Assam Valley Indian Planters' Association, came into existence at the initiative of the late Karmabir Nabin Chandra Bordoloi in a meeting held on June 23, 1935 in Dibrugarh.When India was partitioned in 1947, with Sylhet district being included in Pakistan and Cachar of Surma valley in Assam, the name of the association was changed to the Assam Tea Planters' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12738988", "title": "Leopard injures three in Dindori", "text": "NASHIK: Three people were injured when a leopard attacked them in Mandane on Vani-Kalwan Road in Dindori taluka on Wednesday.The injured are being treated at the rural hospital in Vani. After more than eight gruelling hours, the forest department managed to trap the big cat and transport it to Nehru Udyan, Nashik.The leopard had strayed into the farm next to the vineyard of Rama Pawar in Mandane on Wednesday morning. Pawar informed the farmers nearby after spotting the leopard. The villagers then informed the police and the forest department about the wild cat.The forest department employees said that by the time they reached the spot, the leopard had shifted to one Pundlik Gaikwad's farm, where it sought shelter behind bamboos supporting a wall. Villagers gathered at the spot to catch a glimpse of the animal. It was only by noon that the forest officials and rescue squad reached the spot.The officials asked for nets and a cage since the leopard was asleep. \"Two nets from Vani and one cage from Waghad were ordered. But a couple of hours passed and forest official Sunil Wadekar instructed that the leopard be tranquilized. Two nets, each 20ft long and 5ft wide were placed, at which point the leopard woke up and roared. Some of the men panicked on hearing the sudden sound, dropped the net and began running from the spot. Seeing this, the leopard leapt up and injured Harshad Sayyed (34) on his back and arms,\" said a forest personnel.Range forest officer Vikram Ahire said that to save Sayyed from the leopard, the villagers began attacking it with sticks and stone. \"The leopard hit the cage and escaped to a nearby farm, where it tried to attack a little boy. His father, Nandkishor Pawar, was injured on his ear and right hand when he tried to save his child.\"The leopard ran into some bushes to escape the villagers. \"Wadekar tried to tranquilize it, but he tripped and fell. Finally, he tranquilized it from a small opening in the window of the jeep we were in. At 5.05pm, the leopard became unconscious. It has been safely transported to Nehru Udyan,\" said Ahire.The five-year-old male leopard, which is over five feet tall, is healthy and would be released soon, said the forest officials.Leopard found dead in DindoriA leopard was found dead in a forest in Nanashi in Dindori taluka early this week. Forest employees have refuted rumours that it was hunted down and said that the exact reason for its death would be known after all the medical reports come after a month.A three-and-a-half year-old leopard was found dead in a forest in Nanasi in Gandola, Dindori taluka on Monday evening by the forest employees who were tipped off by villagers. \"There is no injury, no gun shot or anything suggesting that it was killed,\" informed Range Forest Officer, Raghunath Sudrik rubbishing rumours that the wild cat was hunted. He said that it may probably be a case of death due to starvation. \"It also may be a case of poisoning. Adivasis sprinkle pesticides on dead animals like hens, dogs, etc. If the leopard has fed on it then it has chances of getting poisoned,\" said Sudrik.The forest employees said that unavailability of food due to depleting forest cover could be a likely reason unless it was suffering from any disease.\"We conducted the post-mortem at the hospital in Golsi, Dindori and have also cremated the body on Tuesday. We have sent all the medical tests to Dehradun and expect to get the reports within a month. The exact cause of death can be known only after we get the reports from Dehradun,\" said Sudrik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12739972", "title": "Panjab University question paper has answers too", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a major faux pas, Panjab University distributed botany exam question papers to students of BSc first-year with answers marked on these, on Thursday.When students received the question papers, they found 'fill in the blanks' had the correct answers.PU registrar A K Bhandari said after the matter came to their notice, they decided that instead of 78 marks, the exam would be of 68 marks. ''Ten marks of 'fill in the blanks' will not be considered,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739762", "title": "State govt to put Vrindavan, Govardhan on tourist map", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to revive tourism in the state, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday said the government needed to take immediate measures to take up development works in Govardhan, Vrindavan and Agra regions of the state. Though Akhilesh refrained from announcing any special package for developing the regions, he did say that a priority plan be prepared and tabled before him, in a month.Key concerns raised during Thursday's meeting with the CM included the need for better infrastructure facilities, which includes roads, solid waste management and sewage systems for Mathura and Vrindavan.Braj Foundation, a non-profit organisation working on restoring the region's glory also raised the issues pertaining to the urgent need for the proper maintenance of the heritage sites in the Mathura and Vrindavan. Govardhan sees more than 4 crore tourists annually. Everyday, devotees offer more than 5,000 litres of milk to the hill. Absence of proper drainage system leads to a civic mess. Similarly, garbage disposal system is also in a mess. Speaking to TOI, chairman and CEO, Braj Foundation, Vineet Narain, said, \"The government has promised that it will identify priority areas on which work can be started immediately. Though the extent of fund infusion is still unclear, the CM has said he wants to see tangible changes within one year.\"On Thursday, the government also took up the proposed international airport in Agra, with Akhilesh instructing the concerned officials to prepare necessary plans. In addition, he also ordered the setting up of a Taj Nature Park in the area surrounding the Taj Mahal in Agra.Among other decisions, the government also gave its nod to the broadening and upgradation of the main roads linking Kosi, Nandgaon and Barsana, Mathura to Govardhan and Vrindavan-Chhatikara-Radhakund roads. In the government draft proposal, Akhilesh has also ordered setting up for proper drinking water facilities, toilets, street lights and rest room facilities for the tourists.Earlier this week, Mathura district authorities also drew up a plan for infrastructure development, road connectivity and beautification of the 'Parikrama Marg' - a 21-km path around Govardhan hill.In the past, environmentalists have also highlighted the ecological degradation of the region resulting from illegal mining in the Barsana area bordering Rajasthan. On Wednesday, divisional commissioner of Agra, Amrit Abhijat also cleared a plan by Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) to upgrade the facilities to control water pollution in the Kusum Sarovar, a pond on the Parikrama Marg and Mansi Ganga in Govardhan. Similar measures have also been planned for Agra's Paliwal Park lake and the Mantola Nullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739175", "title": "Many choose to skip office than suffer", "text": "MUMBAI: For the consecutive second day on Thursday, Nerul's Vikas Bhandari had to miss office as his usual 8.25am train arrived almost an hour and a half late. \"I chose return home after seeing the late-arriving locals with commuters hanging on footboards.\"Vidya Raghavan, another commuter from Kalyan, said her attempts to take a cab with friends failed as traffic traffic was crawling along the Eastern Express Highway (EEH), right from Thane to Sion.Close to 10 lakh commuters suffered due to irregular trains on Thursday. Several couldn't either reach offices or could only make it to the second half of the day. Meanwhile, railway officials said they ran more than 792 services out of 974 till 5pm, thus achieving almost 81% of the targeted normal traffic. However, they admitted that the services were running late, but hoped to restore normalcy on Friday. Over 38 lakh people travel daily on CR's Main and Harbour lines.Several officegoers complained of large-scale fleecing by auto and taxi drivers again on Thursday. Said passenger rights activist Shirish Deshpande, \"Drivers are taking advantage of the train problems. This is unfair.\" He demanded that the RTO team should step up vigil and take strict action against the errant drivers.State transport commissioner V N More on Thursday deployed special flying squads in the suburbs and the city to keep a check on errant auto and taxi drivers who were fleecing passengers by charging excess fares. A RTO official said passengers can complain on tollfree helpline 1800-22-0110 in case of refusals and excess fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739183", "title": "Medical Council of India inspects Gandhinagar Medical College", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Teams of Medical Council of India (MCI) carried out inspection at the Gandhinagar Medical College proposed to be started with the Gandhinagar Civil Hospital. There are chances that the college may get approval to start admission from this year itself.The application for medical college with 150 seats was made last year but the college failed to get approval. This year, the infrastructure has been enhanced and faculty too has been recruited.An official said that the team carried out a thorough inspection and whether the college gets approval this year or not will be known soon. The MCI teams will later carry inspection at proposed Patan and Valsad medical colleges as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739198", "title": "Auto fares to increase by Rs 1 from today", "text": "MUMBAI: You will have to pay Re 1 more for autos from today. The revised fares came into effect from Thursday midnight and the RTO has printed nearly a lakh tariff cards which will be distributed to drivers in the eastern and western suburbs from Friday morning.However, for those boarding autos with the new e-meters, drivers will charge you by referring to an RTO tariff card as drivers have decided not to recalibrate e-meters (from minimum Rs 11 to Rs 12) for two months.Union leader Thampy Kurian told TOI, \"There is no point in recalibrating the e-meters now as we are expecting another hike from the one-member Hakim committee soon. After the second hike is announced, preferably before mid-June, we will recalibrate all meters.\"He claimed that recalibrating meters was expensive, costing Rs 500-1,000. \"Why should drivers pay the amount twice?\" he pointed out.A senior RTO official said auto drivers with e-meters will be allowed to use the authorized cards to charge passengers. \"The tariff card has four columns: the meter reading (for mechanical meters), distance travelled (for e-meters), old fares and revised fares. Passengers should insist on the RTO-approved card,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12741045", "title": "Campaign to clean Shillong streams", "text": "SHILLONG: The state government, district councils, city-based NGOs, educational institutions and individuals have come together for the first time to start an awareness campaign and launch effective action programmes to protect and preserve the rivers from the pollution that they have been subjected to so far. A public rally will be held on April 21 at the Polo Grounds here on 'World Earth Day'.\"The two major streams - Wah Umkhrah and Umshyrpi have already turned into dirty drains over decades of abuse. The people of Shillong must act now and act together,\" convener of a task force on 'Save Umkhrah/Umshyrpi Campaign' said at a media conference at the Shillong Press Club on Wednesday.\"We will organize a rally on World Earth Day to show that as responsible citizens we will not allow our beloved rivers to die,\" the convener said, urging people to set up clubs in their respective localities to spread awareness.\"The people living near the catchment areas are unaware of the pollution they are causing. They discharge waste materials, both solid and liquid, directly into the rivers or their feeder drains. This is causing the death of both Wah Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers,\" environment activist Naba Bhattacharjee said.Bhattacharjee added that besides a section of civilians, the various defense establishments in the city were also polluting the two streams.\"Cleaning the river systems must be based on a sustained plan of action that has more to do with a change of mindset and habits than anything else and the cleaning process must start from home itself,\" said another task force member.The forthcoming public rally will take a solemn pledge to clean and preserve the river systems in the Pine City and restore them to their pristine glory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739872", "title": "DGCA bans illegal entry into cockpits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alarmed at an incident where an air-safety expert had illegally entered the cockpit of a domestic flight mid-air in February, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has issued a fresh circular for all airlines banning entry in cockpit.The circular was issued on April 13 following a complaint that stated Captain M Ranganathan had entered in the cockpit of Spice Jet flight (Delhi-Jammu), while the aircraft was landing at Jammu airport.The incident was reported to the DGCA by the airline. As per air safety rules, only the Director General of Civil Aviation and the officials nominated by him, no other person is allowed entry into cockpit in any flight. Unauthorized entry into cockpit is a breach of safety regulations.On being asked why he entered the cockpit of that flight, Captain Rangnathan said: \"I am a member of Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC), I keep checking landing procedures.\"To the question if he was authorized by the DGCA for entering the cockpit of that flight, he said: \"I entered the cockpit after the airline had requested me to be an observer to assess the landing procedures at Jammu runway. There are various procedural (ICAO) violations being committed there.\"Ranganathan is a member of CASAC, but he is not authorized to enter cockpit of any flight.The airline denied that no such \"request\" was ever made to Captain Ranganathan. \"The DGCA was informed as per the procedures since his (captain Ranganathan) entry in the cockpit was illegal. Why would airline report the incident, if there was any such request?\" asked an airline executive.DGCA sources said that Ranganathan showed some identity cards to the crew and the pilot before entering the cockpit. \"This is a very serious lapse. It means anyone with some identity cards can get into cockpit, and that's why a fresh notice has been issued to all the airlines,\" said a senior DGCA official.Rule 13 of the Aircraft Rules, 1937, prohibits taking photographs and entry into cockpit. The fresh circular stated that all the airlines are directed to bring to the notice of their personnel the provisions of Aeronautical Information Circular 3 of 1997. The DGCA is planning to report the matter to the defence establishment since Jammu airport comes under its jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739104", "title": "Govt promises to cut taxes for industries", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh government has assured industrialists in Greater Noida that the taxation regime for industries in the state will be brought at par with that in the neighbouring states to boost industrialization in the region.The Greater Noida chapter of the Indian Industries Association (IIA) was given this assurance in its meeting with small and medium enterprises minister Bhagwati Saran Gangwar after IIA had put forward a memorandum of their demands. It has also been informed about setting up a dedicated facilitation centre for Greater Noida industries at the District Industries Centre (DIC) in Sector 20, Noida.IIA had repeatedly told the government that industries in Greater Noida had been languishing due to the high rate of taxes. \"This assurance has come after we put it in the meeting that industries have been shifting base to other states because of the higher tax regime in Uttar Pradesh,\" said president of IIA (Greater Noida), S P Sharma. \"Minister of state Abhishek Mishra has assured us that the government would revise the taxation regime in Uttar Pradesh to either bring it at par with or lower than that of other states after a study. We have been assured that the revision would be made in a month's time,\" said Sharma.The state government had imposed an entry tax on products like paper, burdening around 250 printing and publishing units in the region. The high rate of value-added tax (VAT) in the state has forced many industries to shift base to the neighbouring states of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh.Industrialists say a model state like Goa be created by reducing VAT on fuel that would bring down transportation costs. IIA has also appealed for reduction in power tariff for the industrial sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738783", "title": "More power for Mah as Mouda starts generation", "text": "NAGPUR: The state's power availability has gone up by at least 150MW this summer as the first unit of NTPC's Mouda power plant has started generation at full load. NTPC officials said that the first 500MW unit was synchronized on April 8 and it went on full load on Thursday.As the plant is located in Maharashtra, as per NTPC norms the state will get at least 30% power. The remaining power will go to four states in western region - Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Goa and the two union territories. There is a possibility that Chhattisgarh may forego its share as it has surplus power, hence it's share can be purchased by other states from NTPC at higher rate. However, power situation of that state will also be taken into consideration by union ministry of power (MOP).This unit started generation in 40 months, which is the second fastest for NTPC. The foundation stone was laid on November 22, 2008 and the first contract was placed six days later. The land acquisition for the first phase of the plant was done in record time of five months. Since then Mouda pattern has been used by numerous other organizations to acquire land.The total capacity of the plant is 2,320MW. The first phase is 1,000MW and second has two units of 660MW. Work on the second 500MW unit is going on at war footing. However, coal and water for this unit is yet to be tied up and are reportedly in the final stage. The work on second phase has not started yet.The coal for the first unit will be sourced from Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (in Odisha). It will be transported up to Chacher railway station on Howrah-Mumbai main line and then to the plant by NTPC's merry-go-round railway siding. NTPC has constructed an intake well in Gosikhurd dam near Pipri village of Bhandara district to lift water. The boiler, turbine and generator have been manufactured by BHEL .Mouda is the first plant of NTPC in Maharashtra. Another plant is being constructed in Solapur. It will take time for commissioning as land acquisition is still going on. V Thangajpandian, S C Pandey and K K Sharma supervised the commissioning of the unit at full load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740122", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation's general body clears budget without changes", "text": "PUNE: The general body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday approved a Rs 3,633.02-crore budget for 2012-13 without any amendments after two days of discussion.Civic standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere (NCP) had tabled the budget for GB's approval on April 10. The discussion on the budget that started on Wednesday witnessed lacklustre debate with over 40 corporators putting forward their view points.Though the city's infrastructure is crumbling, roads are overcrowded, slums are mushrooming and unplanned growth abounds, the ruling Nationalist Congress Party had played to the gallery and left the basic issues untouched and, not surprisingly, avoided any hike in the existing tax structure.The GB approved the budget without any amendments even as corporators insisted that the administration should look for more revenue resources to meet the growing infrastructure needs of the city.Leader of the house Subhash Jagtap said that all parties should come together and decide about the tax structure. \"Many states have models where tax is increased step by step. Pune also needs to have a tax model in place. Popular measures like not increasing the tax will not help the city in long term,\" Jagtap said.Congress corporators criticized Chandere for refusing funds to the Pune festival and the Pune International Film Festival, both initiatives by MP Suresh Kalmadi .\"These festivals have become an identity of the city. It seems that the funds are slashed with political intention. There should not be any politics in such cultural events,\" said Arvind Shinde, leader of the Congress in PMC. Shinde also criticized the standing committee for not providing details of allocation for various programmes and projects.Ashok Yenpure, leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party in PMC, said that there is a need to take a review of the budget allocations and the actual works done.\"Many development works are left half-done due to lack of proper financial management. The administration should present regular budget performance report to the GB,\" he said.Ashok Harnawal of Shiv Sena said that the administration should take steps to increase the octroi collection, while Congress corporator Aba Bagul expressed concern over the rising expenditure and depleting revenue sources.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporator Kishor Shinde suggested that the PMC should plan micro model of development where 10 panels should be selected every year and the PMC should focus on infrastructure development through these panels.Leader of the opposition Vasant More said that the civic administration should ensure timely release of budget funds to avoid pendency.Replying to the debate, Chandere said that all corporators would get their share of budget and, if required, additional allocation will be made as per requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur/ chandrapur", "code": "12738702", "title": "State Reserve Police Force jawan flouted security norm, shot dead by Naxals", "text": "NAGPUR/ CHANDRAPUR: Flouting norms of standard security practice proved costly for a State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) group-IV jawan as he was shot dead by a Naxal action team in broad daylight at Fulbodi Gutta village in Dhanora tehsil of Gadchiroli on Thursday morning. The Naxals also decamped with his firearm after he collapsed. The incident took place within 200 metres of Gutta Fulbodi Armed Outpost.The incident took place on the day when the Naxals were observing bandh in protest of the killing of one of their platoon commanders and two members exactly a year ago at Khobramenda. They had vowed to avenge the killing of their comrades. Earlier, Naxals had warned of an attack replicating the jolt they gave at Laheri in 2009 by eliminating 17 police personnel and a blast at Pustola killing 13 troopers of Central Reserve Police Force on March 27.Head constable Ramubal Pandey (52) had gone to purchase some material of daily need from a shop when he was caught unawares by Naxals who opened fire from close quarters from a 9mm revolver. Four rounds were fired at Pandey who collapsed at the place after sustaining bullet injuries on his chest, stomach and arms. Police have found a live cartridge from the place apart from four cases. Pandey, father of three grown up children, was pronounced dead at Gadchiroli District Hospital. The Naxal action team, comprising a duo, fled with Pandey's AK-47 assault rifle. Sources said that the duo had taken the jungle route to sneak out after the action.A senior official of Gadchiroli police said that the SRPF jawan had ventured out alone and got exposed to the Naxals despite alerts being sounded for security forces against such an act across the district.Police have managed to kill one rebel while the toll of the security forces went up to 14 with Naxals killing 13 jawans of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and the latest murder of SRPF constable so far this year. The Naxals also eliminated five civilians this year.This is the second major incident by Naxal action team in rebel-affected Gadchiroli district within a week's time. On April 13, the team had eliminated NCP leader Kewal Saokar Atkamwar at Etapalli.Police sources said that Pandey, a native of Hingna in Nagpur, was posted at SRPF camp in Fulbodi Gutta Armed Outpost for the last one-and-half months. A fellow jawan of Pandey's platoon, who had blood pressure related ailments, was complaining of uneasiness in the morning. Pandey had volunteered to accompany him to local public health centre along with four others. The SRPF jawans had gone to a public healthy centre where the ailing constable was undergoing treatment.Pandey left his ailing colleague, along with others, in hospital and went to the village grocer at 8.30am which was around 50 metres away from the PHC. However, he was caught unawares by the Naxalites who were also present at the same shop. On hearing gun shots, the security forces rushed to the spot but Naxals had fled. Security forces later shifted an injured Pandey to Gadchiroli.It is the second incident when action team of Naxalites carried out assassination in broad daylight within a week. Earlier on April 13, Naxalites had killed ex-ZP member Kewal Atkamwar and injured two others in Etapalli village. Fulbodi Gutta is the same place where the CRPF company was headed, when one of its bus was blown up in landmine blast, earlier last month near village Pustola.Pandey's son-in-law and two other brothers were in police department. His body was brought to SRPF camp at Hingna in Nagpur in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738917", "title": "Here, past comes chugging to you", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a 10-year-old house full of 100-year-old things. The regional railway museum at the Integral Coach Factory in Chennai may not have been maintained in the best way, but the 10th birthday has brought along some well-deserved attention to the place that resembles a colonial railway shop.It showcases the rail history of south India. Among the collections are a steaming beauty made in 1909 and a kit wagon of 1925. Coaches of pre-Independent Madras suburban trains line a side.Museum curator V Kalyanasundaram, who was busily making arrangements to receive guests for the museum's 10th anniversary celebrations on Thursday, said the models of engines and coaches built during the British era have found home in the museum. \"Steam engines made in 1909 by North British Locomotive Company, England is one of the major treasures we have. She was operational till 1994,\" he said. A senior railway employee couldn't help but remark: \"You could hear her heartbeat when she ran.\"The museum, which is popular among rail enthusiasts, tells several interesting stories. The first steam engine was used for the flower farms, not for transport. A live model of a flower steam plough engine, built in 1895, is one of the major attractions here.The locomotives remind of a man's arm set to move back and forth, pulling the train forward. Structures of curated coaches with cramped seating give a glimpse into train journeys of yore. \"Some of these coaches would have carried 14 people with seats in the front and back. Luxury coaches had a spacious design with white bed sheets and curtains and attached toilets,\" says a senior staff of the museum.Lack of publicity has kept the museum and its vintage pieces unfamiliar to many Chennaites. Among them is an unusual wooden model of a double-decker train that ran between Bombay and Baroda during the British era. Double-decker coaches were first made in 1863. Model of a hospital on wheels with an operation theatre and emergency care facilities, an electric train that was a backbone of Madras's public transport system in the 1930s and early models of the famous 'Ooty trains' all take place of pride on the lawns of the museum campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12739912", "title": "Rajkot Municipal Corporation to buy computer servers", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to solve the problem of frequent breakdowns of computer system, the standing committee of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to buy three new computer servers.RMC officials said that apart from three servers at Rs 9.63 lakh, the standing committee will also buy operating system at Rs 3.18 lakh. \"That apart, there is a proposal to buy 100 licenses of the computer system at Rs 1.40 lakh,\" said an RMC official.There is also a proposal to give bill boards for advertisements on street lights at the rate of Rs 56,710 per light. \"Through this proposal, RMC aims to generate Rs 7.24 lakh annually,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739629", "title": "Riyaz Bhatkal\u2019s laptop holds a mine of information: Cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) sleuths looking for fugitive terror mastermind Riyaz Bhatkal are more keen on securing his laptop than him, given that it holds a lot of important information.But the sleuths are not sure if the laptop is still in the possession of Riyaz or has he left it with someone given that police are pursuing him.According to ATS sources, Riyaz is said to have sent and received over 1,000 mails to Pakistan and Dubai on his plans to trigger off explosions, their executions, targeted places and their maps.Till recently, Riyaz used mobile phones. But he switched over to the internet after police started tracking down his mobile call records. Riyaz is believed to have extensively used the internet to meet Indian Mujahideen (IM) men in Patna and Kolkata, and received hawala money from them, the sources added.Investigations revealed that Riyaz had taken an internet connection in Darbhanga, Bihar. \"He took the internet connection in the name of Imran alias Shah Rukh Khan . Most of his mails were sent to and received from Karachi and Lahore . The net connection was disabled later,\" the sources claimed.\"But Riyaz is not net-savvy. He has no thorough knowledge about laptops and internet. He only knows to send and receive mails and delete them. He does not know about erasing the history. Once he used an internet cafe in Darbhanga in 2010 to send 25 emails in a span of five days. Police tracked down these mails and zeroed in on the internet cafe from where they were sent. As he had not erased the history, police were able to figure out that he had sent the mails,\" they said.Ayurveda followerRiyaz never believed in the system of allopathy but had a lot of faith in ayurveda and homeopathy. \"He carries medicines in form of tonics, pills and powders. He encouraged other IM associates to follow his habit saying English medicines always have side-effects and bad for human body,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12738067", "title": "10 caught copying during Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University private exam", "text": "KANPUR: Cases of copying during the ongoing private exams being conducted by the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU) were reported from different examinations centres.On Wednesday, more than 10 students were caught red-handed using unfair means during exam. The exam was conducted in three shifts wherein students of both graduation and post-graduation were taking the exam. The flying squads have decided to intensify raids.The reports of mass-copying were rampant at the examination centres situated in rural pockets of the city.Meanwhile, rush of students was witnessed outside city colleges like DAV, DBS, AND, Mahila College before the start of the exam. The students were seen doing last minute revision at almost every examination centre in the city. The students were checked thoroughly before being given entry into the examination halls. The flying-squads also checked the students in the middle of the exam.The students at selected examination centres complained about non-availability of drinking water and poor seating arrangement. The students rued that there was insufficient lighting in their examination hall which made it difficult for them to write the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12741134", "title": "Police probe 'Maoist' attack on CISF jawans", "text": "KORAPUT: A day after two Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) jawans were reportedly shot at by suspected Maoists at the Panchpatmali bauxite mining hills belonging to Nalco in Damanjodi, police initiated investigation into the case on Thursday.A CISF vehicle came under heavy firing on Wednesday night while returning from the Panchpatmali mining area after dropping jawans on night duty. The two injured jawans, R K Meena (driver) and Kisan Vallabhi (constable), were shifted to a hospital at Vishakapatnam on Thursday for treatment. Their condition is stated to be stable.\"Though the possibility of the involvement of Maoists in the incident can't be ruled out, other angles are also being looked into. We can't jump to any conclusion,\" said DIG Saumeyendra Priyadarsi, who visited the crime spot on Thursday. \"We recovered at least seven empty bullet cases from the spot. The bullets were fired from either an AK 47 or a 303 gun. Two bullets hit two CISF personnel present in the vehicle,\" the DIG said.Sources said as the Panchpatmali hill is on the Maoist corridor which connects Narayanpatna with Andhra Pradesh , possibility of the involvement of Maoists in the attack is very high. Sources said the Maoists could attack the CISF vehicle easily as movement of security forces was very limited in the area since the abduction of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka.In April 2009, the Maoists had attacked a magazine house of the CISF located at the Panchpatmali hills and killed at least 10 CISF jawans. Six Maoists were also killed in the 10-hour-long gun-battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739129", "title": "Traffic chaos at border points: Cops write to CM", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to streamline traffic in the city, Noida Authority has written a letter to the chief minister highlighting two critical traffic-related problems commuters are grappling with - the connectivity between NH-24 and Noida and the connectivity between Delhi and Noida via the Kalindi Kunj bridge. Both border points have been problem areas for years.Traffic copss say the primary problemthey face in traffic management is the burgeoning number of vehicles that pass through the city while the width of the roads remains the same. Even multiple infrastructure projects haven't helped in improving the situation. \"These two links were not designed to handle the kind of vehicular pressure that they are subjected to at present. These roads need to be widened to facilitate smoother flow of traffic,\" said Saifuddin Beg, chief traffic inspector.The Kalindi Kunj bridge - a vital link between south Delhi and Noida - was constructed around 25 years ago. No repair work has been carried out since then.\"The bridge was originally built to cater to only 10,000 vehicles. Today, it deals with an estimated 1.5 lakh vehicles during peak hours. Immediate repair work needs to be conducted and a plan needs to be formulated to widen the bridge,\" said a senior traffic official.Traffic cops say the work on NH-24 - which connects Model Town and Indirapuram to Noida - has suffered due to lack of coordination between the three civic bodies - Noida Authority, Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority. \"The stretch of NH-24 urgently needs to be widened to an eight-lane route,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "12738383", "title": "Tiff with block development officer lands headmaster in lock-up", "text": "BANKURA: The headmaster of Bonoshreepally Paschimpara primary school was arrested on Wednesday - and spent the night in the police lock-up - allegedly for misbehaving with the BDO Debarati Sarkar. He was granted bail by a Bankura court on Thursday.Paresh Chandra Tewary, 59, had written to Sarkar on February 1 that his school did not require any more rice under the midday meal. But Sarkar still dispatched a fresh stock of rice to the school on Wednesday. This led to an altercation between the two and the BDO called up the police who forcibly took him away.Trinamool and CPM came down heavily upon Sarkar, alleging her of subverting the law. Bankura police superintendent Mukesh Kumar said that probe has been started and the truth will soon be revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739144", "title": "Decongestion of NH-24: Authority calls for suggestions", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly a week after Noida Authority compiled and sent a list of five infrastructure projects to the chief minister, including decongestion of NH-24, it has called for presentations from interested companies on possible ways to rid the Noida-Indirapuram stretch of traffic chaos. The stretch is a part of NH-24 which falls under the authority's jurisdiction.The Authority has completed the survey on how to make the Noida-Indirapuram entry signal-free, wrapped up the process of inviting the Expression of Interest (EoI) for the project from interested parties and has asked all companies that applied for the EoI to make presentations on April 26.Noida Authority, Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority are working in tandem to to make the entire NH-24 signal-free. Under the project, seven underpasses will be constructed along the highway. Of these seven, Noida Authority will construct three underpasses on a six-km stretch along the highway that will in turn open towards Khoda colony, NIB Chowk and Model Town chowki. Two of these underpasses will also cloverleaves. Once the presentations are made, a detailed project report will be prepared.Once constructed, the underpasses will provide great relief to commuters coming from Indirapuram, Vaishali and Vasundhara towards Noida. \"The stretch between Lal Kuan and UP Gate along the NH-24 has become a nightmare for commuters. Similarly, in Noida, Model Town, NIB Chowki and Shipra, underpass remain clogged with traffic through the day. We want to ensure that vehicles going to Vaishali, Indirapuram and Vasundhara do not have to use the highway. The underpasses will facilitate just that,\" said a senior official.The plan to decongest NH-24 has been delayed several times over the last five years. It was only recently that National Highway Authority of India decided to revive the project with some changes to minimize the traffic chaos on NH-24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738079", "title": "Landlord arrested in Baruipur case", "text": "KOLKATA: Goutam Pal, the main accused in the Baruipur case in which retired scientist Aparesh Bhattacharya and his daughter were reportedly assaulted, was finally arrested on Thursday. He was remanded in three days' police custody by a Baruipur court.Pal had gone underground after Bhattacharya and his daughter lodged an FIR against him, his wife Madhumita and 30 other persons, mostly members of a local club Bhai Bhai Sangha, on Tuesday.Goutam Pal, the main accused in the thrashing of retired scientist Aparesh Bhattacharya and molestation of his daughter has finally been arrested by the police on Thursday. Pal had gone underground after Bhattacharya and his daughter lodged an FIR against him, wife Madhumita and about 30 other persons mostly members of a local club Bhai Bhai Sangha on Tuesday.\"Goutam Pal has been arrested and he has been remanded in three days' police custody,\" confirmed Praveen Tripathy, SP, South 24-Parganas. The events preceding the arrest, however, appear to be very equally dramatic.It is learnt that initially police had lodged the FIR under bailable sections. Fearing its However, fearing its fallout, senior police officers intervened and prima facie a relatively minor section 324 IPC was later changed to 326 IPC - causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons and means, a non-bailable charge. A Baruipur court later remanded Pal to three days in police custody.Meanwhile, fearing arrest, Bhattacharya and his daughter have reportedly gone into hiding. They have also switched off their cell phones. Police, however, did not want to disclose if the scientist and his daughter would also be arrested since there was a counter-FIR against them.The duo has gone incommunicado with their mobile phones switched off.The duo's advocates had gone to the Baruipur subdivisional court on Wednesday to appeal for anticipatory bail. But, they could not do so since the copy of the counter- FIR by Pal's wife Madhumitahad not reached the court. \"We could not move the anticipatory bail as the copy of the counter-FIR had not reached the court. We will speak to our clients again and decide on the next move,\" said advocate Subhash Dubey.The Bhattacharyas were living in a house in Mallickpur as a tenant to the Pals since February this year. Bhattacharya later proposed to buy the house and had even paid Rs 2 lakh as advance money out of the agreed amount of Rs 40 lakh. Later, he backed out citing problems in the documents pertaining to the house. Since then, the Pals had been asking them to vacate the house though Bhattacharya had asked for some time.On Sunday afternoon, the scientist and his daughter were allegedly beaten up by Pal and the others and thrown out of the house. His daughter alleged that she was stripped and molested. Later, Pal's wife too lodged a complaint against the Bhattacharyas. P by personnel from the local Bariupur police stationolice swung into action once the matter was brought to the notice of the senior police officials.Police conducted a night-long raid to nab those involved in the incident but could manage to get hold of only Pal. The other accused, including Bhai Bhai Sangha Club secretary Chandan Das alias Bappa and club member Milan Pramink are reportedly absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740127", "title": "Take strict action against illegal water connections, municipal body told", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande has directed the civic administration to take severe action against citizens who have unauthorised water connections.Lande was speaking during a meeting held in the zone D office where she also said that top priority should be given for redressal of complaints related to water supply.Meanwhile, MT Kamble, city engineer, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, said the water supply department has plans to replace the old pipelines with new ones. Also, the department is conducting a drive to cut unauthorised water connections.At the meeting, corporators from Pimpale Gurav, Pimpale Saudagar, Sangvi, Wakad, Thergaon, Rahatni, Kalewadi, all of which fall under zone D, complained that citizens are getting water supply that is inadequate and below the normal pressure.Corporator Shrirang Barne demanded that the civic water supply department provide equitable water supply to the entire city.He charged that the planning of the civic administration regarding water supply is falling short of the demand. Corporators Nita Padale, Anita Tapkir, Vimal Kale and others demanded that clean drinking water be provided to Kalewadi and the duration of the water supply be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738261", "title": "Cheap sunglasses may damage eyes in long run", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Opting for cheaper version of sunglasses, only to save few bucks may eventually damage your eyesight in the long run.Detailing on the difference between good quality and cheap sunglasses, Dr Kamaljeet Singh, senior faculty member of the department of Ophthalmology, MLN Medical College said, \"Cheap glasses have irregular surface, which leads to diffraction of rays falling on their surface. If you go for the cheap sunglass, eyes have to work harder to convert these rays into parallel beam of light leading to increased eye-strain. The quantum of eye damage risk is highest from 10.00 am to 4.00 pm.\" Sportsmen, school and college going individuals, salesmen, milkmen and others who face the scorching heat and the glare of sun for extended periods are at the highest risk.Suggesting the typical sunglasses that should be picked, the doctor said that dark coloured sunglass is enough to reduce the sun glare, but the glass should not be dark enough to distort colours and affect the recognition of traffic signals.\"Tint hardly makes a difference as it is mainly a matter of personal preference but lenses that are neutral gray, amber, brown or green could be preferred\", said Dr Singh. He further said that although adolescent and elders are quite aware of ways to protect their eyes, children also should wear sunglasses especially while going and coming back from schools.\"As the vacations have begun, parents should take proper care of the eyes and not let their tiny-toddlers venture out without a protection on eyes. And do take care that the sunglasses should not be a cheaper, rather go for the one which is made of polycarbonate lenses,\" said the eye specialist.Detailing on the harmful effects of sunlight, director M D Eye hospital, Dr S P Singh, said, \"Exposure to UV rays can damage your eyes and long-term exposure could lead to cataract, or even skin cancer around the eyelids. Cheap sunglasses usually made of recycled plastics, do not provide any of these benefits and just have tinted lenses that block some of the light, but none of the UV rays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738632", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration justifies drive as eatery owners cry foul", "text": "NAGPUR: Although many restaurant owners and their associations are calling the ongoing drive by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) illegal and meant to harass, FDA officials said the drive was well within the purview of the new Food Safety and Standards Act ( FSSA) 2006 and Food Safety and Standards Regulation (FSSR) 2011. They said it was targeted at creating awareness among the hawkers and eatery owners that they had to register or seek licence for their business from FDA.The acting Joint Commissioner of FDA Nagpur division Ashok Giri told TOI that the administration was only doing its job. As per the FSSR-2011 both petty food business operators (with annual turnover up to Rs 12 lakh) and food business operators (with a turnover of over Rs 12 lakh) have to register themselves with FDA. \"There was a grace period of one year (from August 5, 2010, when the regulation came into being till August 4, 2011) for those who already possess a registration or a licence for registering with FDA under section 2.1.2 -Licence for food business section. Those whose licence had expired or those who started a new eatery after December 31, 2011, when the Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) registration ended, have to register and obtain a licence otherwise they are liable for prosecution. FDA has the authority to close down the eating joints under section 31(2) until they register,\" said Giri.FDA claimed it had held a number of awareness drives to share the provisions under the new act with the owners as well as their associations. The drive became necessary since many had not bothered to register. Talking about provisions in the Act that restaurant and hotel owners were finding impractical, Giri said that the FDA was just an implementing agency and could not comment on the law.FDA started raiding the hawkers and restaurants from Tuesday beginning with eateries in and around the VCA complex. It was followed by traffic park area on Wednesday and Ambedkar garden near Chhapru Nagar chowk and eateries in front of Big Bazar in Wardhman nagar on Thursday. Tejinder Singh Renu, secretary of Nagpur Residential Association claimed the FDA had no authority to close a food joint without a licence. \"It can only issue a notice,\" he said.Association's lawyer Harnish Gadhia maintained that as per the Act, FDA had to give breathing time till August 4, 2011, to even eateries whose licences had expired. \"FDA is forcing units to register immediately,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12738608", "title": "Alagiri\u2019s men unfazed over notice", "text": "MADURAI: The DMK high command's crackdown on key party functionaries for not attending the youth wing interview session held by the party treasurer M K Stalin here, has unfazed the supporters of Union chemicals and fertilizers minister M K Alagiri.While some of the functionaries are awaiting the return of the minister and the party's south zone organising secretary M K Alagiri to Madurai on Friday, some of them had already sent their replies to the show-cause notice.\"I have sent the reply today (Thursday). Few others have also sent their replies explaining the reason behind their absence in the public meeting and the youth wing interview session,\" said one functionary.\"Issuing show-cause notice is a democratic exercise. Being a democratic party, we welcome the action and we will face it as per the party's rulebook,\" said another functionary who received the notice. \"We will meet Annan (Alagiri) once he returns to Madurai on Friday. Then we will decide on our response to the show-cause notice,\" he said.A number of supporters of Alagiri, including former mayors G Thenmozhi, Kulandaivel, former deputy mayor P M Mannan, executive committee members V K Gurusamy, Pottu Suresh, M Dharmalingam, former MLAs Ghouse Batcha, Misa Pandian and several known supporters of Alagiri were conspicuous by their absence during the public meeting held last Sunday evening.Though urban district secretary G Thalapathy, rural district secretary P Moorthy - who are also Alagiri supporters - shared the dais with Stalin at the meeting organised to condemn the AIADMK government for the price rise and power shortage, the functionaries who stayed away, said that they were instructed not to attend it as well as the interview session held in the morning to appoint youth wing functionaries.\"We are not against Stalin and our intention was not to violate the party diktat. But Alagiri's name was deliberately avoided in the posters and pamphlets printed for the youth wing office-bearers interview and the public meeting. Alagiri is not only a towering leader of the party in the southern Tamil Nadu, but a Union minister and the south zone organising secretary. It is a clear violation of the party norms to leave out his name. That was why we skipped the meet,\" said one of the functionaries.The functionaries said that they had protested the absence of Alagiri's name even before the event, but their words were not heeded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12746511", "title": "Catfight on Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2!", "text": "The competition now seems to be heating up between the champions and challengers on singing reality show ' Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar 2'. This weekend the show witnessed the immense rivalry between Champion Akanksha and Challenger Sonia.While Sonia has strong grip on Sufi songs, Akanksha has proved her versatility in romantic Bollywood songs. In fierce competition to grab the champions' position, Sonia asked Akansha to sing a Sufi Song which does not belong to her genre. Instantly Akansha also raised question to Sonia to sing Lataji's any light music song which is not her genre.It seems that they have sincerely followed Mika Singh's lessons of bhaigiri from last episode. But what happens when the two throw an open challenge to sing the songs that do not belong to their genre? Who will win this challenge Sonia or Akansha?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739685", "title": "Pastor arrested for \u2018conversion bid\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: Mahadevapura police on Thursday arrested a 31-year-old trainee pastor for allegedly trying to convert 23 children, including 14 girls, during a summer camp here.Victor Babu alias Victor, a native of Dharmavaram in Andhra Pradesh, was held following a complaint filed by a few parents. Police recovered prayer books, pamphlets and other material from him and registered a case under Section 295A of the Indian Penal Code.Police said Victor was imparting religious lessons to the 23 children in the Hebron prayer hall in Kundalahalli near Whitefield. According to complainants, Victor told them he would run a month-long free summer camp for their children. The camp opened three days ago. A mini-bus (KA 03 D 8949) would pick up children from Mahadevapura, Kundalahalli and surrounding areas every day.Victor said: \"I taught them prayers and songs but that doesn't mean I was converting them.\" Parents claimed Victor offered education and other basic facilities to children if they (parents) accepted his conditions. But Victor didn't elaborate what his conditions were, they added.Section 295APertains to deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs and suggests imprisonment for three years, or fine, or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12738375", "title": "Law &amp; order has worsened in state, says Siddiqui", "text": "PATNA: Lashing out at the government for 'sharp deterioration' in the law and order situation in the state, leader of opposition in Bihar assembly, Abdul Bari Siddiqui, on Thursday, demanded action against the culprits of a brick-kiln labourer's murder at Kujur village under Atri police station in Gaya district.Siddiqui accused the police of hushing up the case and said the labourer, Sitaram Prasad, was beaten to death on March 17 last and his body was disposed of in the presence of policemen despite the victim's family members' request for an inquiry into his death.In a letter to CM Nitish Kumar , Siddiqui has demanded action against the culprits under section 302 of the IPC as well as probe against the policemen who tried to hush up the case.Sitaram's widow Manorma Devi, who, along with former CPI MP from Jehanabad Ramashray Prasad, was present at the press conference held in the assembly chamber of Siddiqui, said her husband was forced to work at the kiln of one Ambika Singh.Manorma said she came to know on March 17 that her husband had been killed by the kiln owner and his henchmen. She, with her children, rushed to the site and saw his bludgeoned body being loaded on a truck. The kiln owner told her that Sitaram died due to liquor consumption. When she demanded that the body of her husband be handed over to her, Manorma and her children were forced to accompany the suspects to the Mangra river bank where the body was cremated. The police reached there and she complained that her husband had been murdered. But the police remained a silent spectator, she said.Siddiqui said even if Sitaram died due to liquor consumption, the kiln owner should have informed the family and the police. But nothing happened and the body was disposed of to hide the crime. \"Not only that, the police took thumb impression of the widow on a plain paper when she insisted on filing an FIR,\" Siddiqui said.The leader of opposition alleged that Bihar police were trying to terrorize poor, Dalits and people of extremely backward castes. Quoting official crime figures, he said 428 cases of murder, 611 of kidnapping and 134 of rape had been registered in January and February this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738750", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust starts repairs at Ramkrishna Nagar garden", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking cognizance of TOI report on Ramkrishna Nagar garden being in a shambles with play equipment damaged and lights on the blink, Nagpur Improvement Trust on Thursday started the repair works. Residents had said that even after repeated complaints, NIT's garden department turned a Nelson's eye towards the garden. Recently a 10-year-old boy had sustained serious injuries after falling from a damaged slide.A senior official from NIT's garden department said they had started repair works on Thursday. Besides, the process to invite tenders to replace the equipment will also start. \"For the time being we would carry out the repairs so that children do not get hurt,\" he said. He also claimed that the defunct lights would also be replaced in a couple of days.The officer, however, blamed residents for damaged equipment and said that despite restrictions of age, many times even adults could be found using swings. NIT maintains 40 parks and playgrounds across the city. Residents should cooperate in maintaining them, he added.The residents expressed happiness when they saw NIT officials visit the park on Thursday. They claimed that since the park was constructed hardly any one had ever come to check.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12739081", "title": "Auction centre ready, city to become global flower power", "text": "NOIDA: The hi-tech flower auction centre in Sector 88 - the first of its kind in India - is all set to be inaugurated. Noida Authority is in completion of the last round of talks with floral traders and market associations in northern India asking them to begin trading at the centre. Built on the lines of the trading centre in Holland and with support from the Dutch government, the new facility will be a one-stop-shop for Indian flower producers and wholesalers and will link home traders with Dutch retailers. A team from Holland, along withagriculture ministry officials, visited the centre recently.\"Indian farmers suffer because they fail to get the right price for their produce. This facility will overcome all such problems and will give them an ideal environment to fetch the best price for their material from floral stockists in and outside the country,\" said a senior official of Noida Authority.\"The facility is almost ready to be launched. We are deliberating with flower associations asking them to start trading at the centre. The facility will not only help them overcome their losses - amounting to crores - but also increase business in bidding of %flower stocks, subsequently providing a huge revenue to the state government,\" the official added.Flower producers incur heavy losses in Delhi's makeshift markets concentrated in areas like Connaught Place and Azadpur. Traders of these markets force their own prices on the producers and are involved in black-marketing to the tune of Rs 500 crore. The produce also gets damaged in the absence of buyers during lean days.\"With the entire trade shifting to Noida's centre, illegal trading will stop, benefiting both farmers and traders immensely. The trading here will generate 40 per cent more business than in Delhi and will be fool-proof, fair and transparent,\" said a senior district administration official.Noida Authority has also announced a complete tax waiver for farmers and traders for the first year of operations. The online bidding centre will invite farmers from UP, Uttarakhand, Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab and Jammu &amp; Kashmir. The flower market, developed at a cost of about Rs 12 crore, has distinct facilities for cold storage, a bank, cafeteria and a guesthouse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12738685", "title": "Pricey raw materials take steam out of realty boom", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The steep hike in prices of building materials in the last two months has plunged the construction sector into a severe crisis.From individual home builders and architects, to government contractors and construction workers, the entire sector has been feeling the pinch.The price of cement has climbed to Rs 370 from around Rs 310 (in January); the price of steel has gone up from Rs 38 a kg to Rs 60 a kg.\"Building material companies, distributors and stockists are fleecing customers trying to finish their work before the monsoon,\" said Job Mathew, district president, Licensed Engineers and Supervisors Federation.\"The hike in Central excise duty and increase in freight charges have contributed to the price rise. However, there are no fundamental reasons necessitating such a massive hike. Prices of raw materials and overall production costs have remained the same in the last two months,\" he said.Suresh Kumar M K, who owns a construction firm in the city, said many of his clients who had started constructing homes with bank loans were finding it difficult as expenses had exceeded the planned budget.\"Someone building a 100 sq m house will incur an additional expense of Rs 1 lakh now on cement and steel alone. The prices of electrical and plumping materials too have gone through the roof,\" he said.Pavithran M K, a government employee who has just started constructing his house, said he had put the work on hold. \"I have completed the foundation, but it is just not practical to move ahead in the current situation. In three months, the price of river sand has increased by 30 per cent. Even the price of rock sand has gone up from Rs 6,000 to Rs 8,500 for a 100 cubic metre (truck load),\" he said.Abdul Lathif K, district organizing secretary, Government Contractors Association, said contractors were incurring heavy losses and would be forced to stop their works if the situation continued.\"We have decided to approach the government to revise the rates of building materials,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739496", "title": "SC reserves order on delay in deciding mercy pleas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday reserved its verdict on the effect of long delay in deciding mercy pleas of condemned prisoners and whether it could result in commuting the death sentence to life imprisonment.Two condemned prisoners, Devender Pal Singh Bhullar and M N Das, whose mercy pleas were rejected by the President after long delay, had sought the apex court's intervention and pleaded for commutation of capital punishment to life term on the ground of delay.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya, which reserved the verdict on their pleas, had decided to extend the possible benefits from its judgment in future to all those condemned prisoners whose mercy pleas have been pending for long either before the President or governors.Most states had complied with the apex court's directive and supplied requisite data relating to pending mercy pleas but Punjab and Chandigarh administration defaulted. The bench asked the home secretaries concerned to be personally present in court on Monday to explain the non-compliance of the court's order.Additional solicitor general Harin Raval, who was entrusted by the court with the task to collect and collate data on pending mercy pleas, informed the court that Punjab, Odisha and Union Territory of Chandigarh had failed to comply with the order. Though the Odisha government complied with the direction at the last minute by telephonically communicating the details, the other two home secretaries did not respond.Punjab's additional advocate general Anil Grover and senior advocate T S Doabia representing Chandigarh administration tendered apology, but the bench refused to accept them terming the approach of the bureaucrats \"reprehensible\". \"In our opinion, the apology sought to be tendered by the home secretaries cannot be accepted as they contumaciously disregarded the communication of this court and also the law officer of this court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739284", "title": "Media office attacked, Shiv Sena corporator among 30 held", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena corporator Kishori Pednekar was among 30 persons arrested on Thursday for assaulting three senior employees of the marketing and circulation department of Malayala Manorama.A mob allegedly barged into the company's fourth floor office in Lower Parel and vandalized the cabin of senior regional manager Geogi Zachariah, before assaulting him and two others.The mob, including 10 women, mostly comprised members of the Bharatiya Kamgar Sena (BKS), the trade union wing of the Shiv Sena, and wanted the company to extending employee benefits to some delivery boys.Zachariah said the BKS members entered the office at 10:30am without seeking an appointment. \"I told them to wait in the conference room for a few minutes and I called up The Week's Mumbai bureau chief. These people have threatened us several times in the past, so I was cautious,\" he said. But the mob allegedly refused to wait and entered the cabin while he was still on the phone. Some men snatched the phone and threw it on the ground, before kicking him. Others beat him up and broke several items in the office, including a glass photo-frame and a coffee mug.\"The corporator did not assault me but was present in the room and was leading the mob,\" he said. Senior general managers Shree Kumar Menon and Varghese Chandy were also assaulted.The N M Joshi Marg police said the 30 have been booked for rioting, criminal intimidation and assault. \"We are on the lookout for five to six others. We will not produce them in court today, so they shall spend the night behind bars. It is for the court to decide whether to let them off on bail,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) Kishore Jadhav.The BKS has been demanding that 26 delivery boys working for Siddhivinayak Enterprises, an agent of Malayala Manorama, be made permanent employees.The BKS denied that its activists had attacked the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12738260", "title": "Mongolkote blast kills 3", "text": "BURDWAN: Three Trinamool Congress supporters were killed and another seriously hurt in a bomb explosion at Dharsona village in trouble-torn Mongolkote area on Wednesday night. The Trinamool accuses CPM of attacking the victims - who belong to two families - but police say the four were probably making bombs when the blast took place.Dharsona village was rocked by a huge explosion around 10.30pm. People could see smoke and flames rising from the house of 35-year-old Meher Sk. They rushed there to find a part of the house blown to bits. Meher and his wife Atima, 29, died on the spot. Their neighbour Kurban Sk, 30, died in Katwa hospital on Thursday morning. His wife, Robina, 24, is battling for life with multiple splinter injuries. The bodies have been kept for autopsy.The Trinamool alleges that CPM goons attacked the two families after a scam in the 100-day work scheme was unearthed. However, the police think otherwise. \"Prima facie, it seems that the victims were making crude bombs during the time of blast,\" said DIG, Burdwan Range, Basab Talukdar, who inspected the crime scene along with Burdwan SP SMH Meerza. The help of forensic experts has been sought. No formal complaint has yet been lodged but Mongolkote police have started a suo motu case.Trinamool general secretary Bikash Choudhury alleged that the victims had recently unearthed an NREGA scam in the village and were silenced. CPM rejected the allegation. CPM leader Achinta Mallick said the Mongolkote Trinamool unit was wracked by factional feud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12743445", "title": "Illegal mining: SC panel recommends CBI probe against Yeddyurappa kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's high powered environment panel on Friday recommended a CBI probe into the alleged massive illegal mining activities in Karnataka permitted by then chief minister B S Yeddyurappa which enabled his close relatives to reap \"windfall profits\". The panel recommended to the apex court that the CBI probe payments made by a mining company to two firms owned by close relatives of the former Karnataka chief minister.The committee, in its recommendation to the forest bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia, also sought investigation into whether there was any link between these payments and the grant of mining lease to one person named, Praveen Chandra, during Yeddyurappa's tenure.The central empowered committee (CEC) recommended CBI probe taking into account the allegations of massive illegal mining in Karnataka. The other factor that the panel pondered over was the allegations made against the Jindal Group as being the recipient of large quantities of illegally mined material and undue favour being shown to them in respect of mining lease of MM Ltd.The panel said the CBI be directed to investigate into similar other cases of land de-notified from acquisition by Bangalore Development Authority and take follow up action.CEC said that Prerana Education Society set up by the close relatives of Yeddyurappa received two donations worth Rs 10 crores during March 2010 from South West Mining Ltd, a Jindal group company. It said that these donations appeared to be quid pro quo for Jindal Steel Work receiving large quantities of illegal mined minerals.The panel requested court to direct CBI to look into these linkages as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740936", "title": "Keg \u2018n\u2019 kebab climax to polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The race to capture managing committee posts at Chandigarh Golf Club is poised for a grand beer-and-kebab climax on a Sunday vote with top IAS officer Gurinderjit Sandhu keen to bag a fifth term as president as he enters his final year of \"power\" in the Punjab government.Posted as financial commissioner (development), Sandhu is facing three opponents - Lt Col (retd) J S Panag, Simran Singh and Lt Col (retd) Harpreet Singh - and seeks to restore the rule of the IAS lobby over the golf club after a gap of three years. Lt Col Panag, who has served on the managing committee thrice earlier, is reckoned as his closest challenger by the punters thronging the club's bar in the evenings. Due to retire in March 2013 from the IAS, Sandhu has cobbled a team of 11 candidates to the executive committee. Simran, a former club captain, is seen as a \"dark horse\" in the four-cornered race.The turnout at the Golf Club witnesses about 1,100 permanent members in their Sunday best thronging the polling booths amidst much bonhomie, back-slapping and draining kegs of draught beer. The club's standing committee has cleared the papers of 20 members for contesting elections to executive committee. However, the candidature of Gursimmer Sethi was rejected as he was declared a professional golfer. Leading Indian professional Jeev Milkha Singh has submitted a written protest against this rule.Sandhu promises that if elected, his tenure will see a \"consolidation\" of club's assets and get the course and floodlights in good shape, rather than adding new assets. Lt Col Panag, who is relying on the support of Defence Officers' Brotherhood and sundry factions, swears by mantra of \"transparency\". Simran wants to renew the focus on golf and related activities as he feels the CGC has degenerated into a \"social club\". Lt Col Harpreet promises better management and vows to stamp out financial irregularities.Meanwhile, the controversy over serving IAS officer contesting club elections got a twist with Brig (retd) Sukhdev Singh writing to Punjab governor and CM questioning how the claim of \"good governance\" would be served were Sandhu to become the Golf Club president as the timings of the club and government office hours are the same. \"The club is a multi-crore enterprise which requires full-time attention. In the case of a serving IAS officer, such attention can only be to the detriment of Punjab, which will be denied the services of the officer,\" said Brig Sukhdev's letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739661", "title": "RTE: Schools asked to give student tally", "text": "MUMBAI: With the implementation of the Right to Education Act underway in the state, the government has asked non-state board schools to submit a pro forma with details about the institutions, including the total number of students and teachers in every grade and class as well as the total area of playground, among other things.\"The pro forma was supposed to be submitted within three months of the application of the act, but schools did not comply. We asked schools for the reason and they said they were confused since some clauses of the act were sub judice,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA). \"We have now told schools to submit the info latest before the beginning of the next academic year.\"A few principals were called for a meeting with SSA officials on Thursday to discuss the problems that schools may face in implementing RTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738241", "title": "Mystery shrouds Eliot Road death", "text": "KOLKATA: Fresh revelations in the mysterious death of a 22-year-old call centre employee Sheikh Shoaib Alam, whose body was found inside a locked car near Loreto Day School on Eliot Road on Wednesday morning, have left his family members and cops searching for some answers.According to sources, just hours before his death, Shoaib had a major argument with his friends Jamshed, Tabeez and Aqeel Ansari, in which his brother Shabbir too got involved. Family members said Shabbir used to work as a part-time worker at a BPO in Salt Lake after completing studies from local St Mary's school. He has recently joined the BPO at Royd Street where he developed friendship with these friends. Sources also said that Shoaib had lent out money to Jamshed and the two often had arguments over it.On Tuesday night, after they met at a local hangout near Elliot Road, all four got involved in a scuffle and it was only after the intervention of the Park Street Police that the brawl was pacified and a compromise was reached. Police confirmed a general diary was made before they were sent back home. However, the cops claimed that the fracas has nothing to do with the death. \"The scuffle, that is being talked about, was with another group over lighting a cigarette and not among the friends. We have cross checked the evidence and sequence of events leading up to Shoaib's death with a number of independent sources,'' said Singh.The police are still to explain why Shabbiralam chose to dump his twin brother in that condition and even the sequence that led to Tabeez fleeing the spot on his motorbike. According to police, a girl had also joined the group. Shabbir said that his twin was so drunk that he didn't want to take him back to their Ripon Street home. So, he and his friends - including the girl - left Shoaib in the car and locked it, hoping that he would come to his senses in the morning and drive back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12740915", "title": "Damage to synthetic tracks at Tau Devi Lal stadium: Probe marked", "text": "PANCHKULA: On the complaint of Panchkula Citizen Welfare Association regarding the destruction of the synthetic tracks of Tau Devi Lal Stadium in Sector 3, Panchkula, during a cultural night that was held on April 4, the Panchkula deputy commissioner has marked an inquiry to sub divisional magistrate (SDM).The report will be submitted in two days.The action committee members of CWA in their application took the issue with the administration as to how Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) granted the permission to the culture program committee to organize a cultural night at the stadium.It further questions why was the permission granted if the event was not related to sports.The Haryana government had spent crores for carpeting on the floor of the stadium and bring it at par with the best stadiums of the country.The letter states that if such events continue to be organized then most of the synthetic track in the stadium would be destroyed beyond repair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739628", "title": "MCD to scrap fancy Commonwealth Games toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: After failing to complete them in time for the Commonwealth Games, the MCD has finally junked its project to construct fancy toilets in the city.The civic agency's decision to scrap the ambitious plan has been conveyed to the Delhi high court by way of an affidavit this week, admitting that the agency can't build fancy toilets in Greater Kailash area of south Delhi.In its affidavit, the MCD says it's not going ahead with the plan because of the objections by local residents and the Resident Welfare Association and is in the process of returning bank guarantees and tenders to the bidders. MCD's admission came in response to a PIL filed by N-Block welfare association challenging the proposed plan to build the toilets accusing it of commercial misuse of prime green land.According to the original proposal, MCD wanted to construct air-conditioned toilets with shops and restaurants, however, the entire project got grounded due to vociferous protests by the local RWAs and traders who had alleged that the spots were poorly identified. After the RWAs remained unrelenting, the MCD ended up making only eight such blocks whose first floor it now wants to convert into its offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12739624", "title": "13 killed, 25 hurt in bus-van smash in Namakkal", "text": "SALEM: Thirteen people, including nine women, were killed and 25 others were injured when a private bus rammed a mini-van near Ettimarathottam in Rasipuram of Namakkal district on Thursday morning.\"The left side of the van was fully crushed. While eight people died on the spot, four died on way to the Salem GH and one woman died at the hospital later in the evening,\" said Namakkal SP M Sathiyapriya.\"Of the 25 injured, six were treated as out-patients and the rest are undergoing treatment in hospitals in Salem and Rasipuram,\" the SP said. The condition of two of those hospitalized is said to be critical.Police said the private bus, carrying around 30 passengers to Erode from Rasipuram in Namakkal, collided with the mini-van, taking 20 villagers of Vennandur and Attaiyampatti to Athanur Samathuvapuram where they worked in a garment factory, near Ettimarathottam around 8.45 am. The SP said van driver Kumar (a) Kumaravel was trying to overtake a private college bus when another private bus driven by V Somasundaram (32) of Edapadi, travelling at high speed, rammed the van.Fire and rescue services personnel, summoned to the spot by police, pulled out the injured, including the two drivers, with the help of the local people and sent them to government hospitals in Rasipuram and Salem.Namakkal collector J Kumaragurubaran and M Sathiyapriya later visited the victims in hospitals.The deceased were identified as N Rajeswari (50) and V Sathishkumar (30) of Athanur, P Meena (40), Prabavathy (30), R Nandakumar (25), K Punita (40) and K Karpagam (21) of Vennandur, S Murugesan (35), K Kosaladevi, R Kanaga (35), P Tamilarasi, E Prakash (18) and S Dhanalakshmi (35) of Attaiyampatti, police said.Post-mortem was done for eight people at the Rasipuram GH and for five people at the Salem GH. The bodies in the Salem GH were handed over to the relatives in the evening.The Vennandur police registered a case under various IPC sections and Rasipuram DSP G Raja began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12744907", "title": "Plea to include Genelia in real estate fraud", "text": "A real estate company has deceived scores of people in Andhra Pradesh by promising to build apartments. They have reportedly swindled about 256 crores of money from several investors with a promise that they would build apartments in various places in AP.Genelia was the brand ambassador for this real estate company. The investors have filed a case at the court and have now sought to include Genelia as defendant because she was the root cause for many of them investing.This case came up for hearing at the High Court in AP and the Judges ruled that Genelia should also be included as a defendant as she was the brand ambassador.Source:Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738755", "title": "CBI to High court: Won\u2019t arrest investors in Jagan case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Thursday informed the AP high court that it will not arrest investors who have been named accused in the assets case pertaining to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy. This was stated by CBI counsel P Kesava Rao when Justice K C Bhanu took up for hearing the petition of the investigating agency seeking cancellation of the bail given to V Vijay Sai Reddy, the auditor of the Jagan companies and accused number two in the assets case, by the trial court. After the arguments, Justice Bhanu said he would pronounce the verdict on Friday.Jagan is accused number one in the assets case. The trial court had granted bail to Vijay Sai Reddy after finding fault with the approach of the CBI in arresting only the auditor and in not touching the other accused in the case after which the investigating agency challenged the decision in the high court. On Thursday, when Justice Bhanu posed the same question as to why has the CBI left the others and concentrated only on Vijay Sai Reddy in the case, the CBI counsel said that the probe agency has filed its first chargesheet in respect to only those aspects where it had concluded its investigation.The CBI counsel said in the first chargesheet, there are 13 accused including five companies and three investors, namely Srinivas Reddy, Nityanand Reddy and Sarat Chandra Reddy of Arabindo Pharma , Hetero Drugs and Trident Technologies Ltd respectively. \"Since we have decided not to arrest the investors named in the case, none of them will be arrested,\" Kesava Rao said.The CBI counsel further informed the court that it was also decided not to arrest two other accused, YVL Prasad, a retired APIIC officer, and Chandramouli, company secretary of Aurobindo, since they are not capable of tampering with evidence and that it is left to the trial court to determine the roles of all those shown as accused but not arrested.The CBI also clarified that though IAS officer B P Acharya is another accused in this case, the investigating agency did not arrest him as he is already in jail. At this juncture, Vijay Sai Reddy's counsel Susheel Kumar pointed out that B P Acharya is in jail in connection with another case (Emaar) and not this one.Continuing his clarification, the CBI counsel said Vijay Sai Reddy was the only person left and capable of tampering with the evidence and influencing the future proceedings. However, Kesava Rao did not explain the stand of the CBI in respect of accused number one Jaganmohan Reddy.While the CBI maintained that Vijay Sai Reddy was the brain behind several fictitious firms that routed bribe money into Jagan's Jagathi Publications, Vijay Sai's counsel contended that the CBI was trying to illegally keep his client in jail even after he spent 108 days in judicial custody. \"Once a chargesheet is filed, it indicates the completion of the investigation and further probe should be carried out based on new facts and not on the contents of the FIR\", he said.Moreover, despite the main charge being that the companies favoured by the state had invested in the Jagan companies, none of the ministers and IAS officers who issued the GOs benefitting the individuals and entities were investigated, Susheel Kumar said. After arresting the auditor, in the name of further investigation, the CBI is trying to keep him in jail for longer periods, and in such a case, there will be no difference between imprisoning a convict and an innocent, Vijay Sai's counsel said.Refuting the charge that Vijay Sai was behind fixing the high share premium of Rs 350 per share of Jagathi Publications, Susheel Kumar told the court that Jagan himself had fixed the rate at Rs 350 much before Vijay Sai got it endorsed through an MNC auditing firm. It is a business decision and there is nothing wrong in it, particularly when a senior rival publication in the state has shown its share price at Rs 5 lakh per share, the senior counsel said. \"The CBI did not touch those who gave the benefit (government functionaries) and those who received (private benificiaries) it but is only hounding my client,\" Vijay Sai's counsel said.Citing further investigation as a reason and apprehending that Vijay Sai would hamper the progress of the case if he is out on bail, the CBI sought cancellation of the bail that was earlier granted by the trial court. The trial court granted the bail to him on irrelevant grounds and never on merits, the CBI counsel said. Finally, Justice Bhanu said he would pronounce his verdict on the CBI's petition on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12740616", "title": "Taliban to strike if Pakistan reopens Nato routes", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan chief Hakeemullah Mehsud convened a meeting in North Waziristan tribal region to plan targeted attacks to prevent the reopening of Nato supply routes to Afghanistan, a media report said on Thursday.Mehsud convened a meeting with several senior commanders of the Pakistani and Afghan Taliban and al-Qaida in North Waziristan Agency in the second week of February, The Express Tribune quoted an intelligence agency's report as saying.The report said if the Nato supply routes were reopened, the militants would \"show their anger\" through terrorist activities across Pakistan, including targeting high-profile personalities.Information about planned attacks and other possible threats were forwarded to police and other law enforcement agencies by the National Crisis Management Cell of the interior ministry. Officials were directed to beef up security at possible targets, the report said.The report said possible targets included US diplomats and their bases in Pakistan, prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, interior minister Rehman Malik, Pakistan Tehrike- Insaf chief Imran Khan and Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam leader Maulana Fazlur Rehman.A separate report said the Jundullah group too held a meeting to plan attacks, particularly in Islamabad, Rawalpindi and Lahore. It said Jundullah had established a force of 21 militants for this purpose . The force will report to Hakeemullah Mehsud, who will assign targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12739247", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's next monthly meeting to be held at an auditorium", "text": "GURGAON: Almost a year after holding its first monthly House meeting, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to rent a suitable place for its meetings. The next House meeting slated for Wednesday, April 25, will be held at the HSIIDC auditorium in Sector 18, it is learnt.However, sources said, they will be shelling out around Rs 40,000 per day to hire this venue. The councillors for long have been asking the authorities to find a suitable place where the meeting can be held in a systematic manner.With no place to call their own, the MCG councillors were forced to move from one place to the other to hold their meetings.Moreover, the bad acoustics in these makeshift venues usually resulted in a din where nobody could hear what the speaker was saying.\"Earlier we used to have our House meetings the deputy commissioner's meeting hall, but due to some renovation work taking place there we had to shift the venue to John Hall,\" said Yashpal Batra, senior deputy mayor of the MCG.However, there are a lot of problems related to sound and the councillors could not hear each other clearly due to which the agenda too could not be discussed properly, said Batra. \"The HUDA Gymkhana Club in Sector 29 was among the places that were shortlisted and we hope the new venue is much better,\" added Batra.The councillors, who usually have their meetings once in two months decided to have it again after their last meeting on April 9 was halted midway as the opposition members did not allow the budget to be passed.Their main demand was that a copy of the proposed budget should be circulated in Hindi so that they are able to read it and understand it.\"While the main reason to have this meeting is to approve and pass the budget so that it can be sent to Chandigarh, the other issues on the agenda that could not be discussed in the previous meeting will also be discussed,\" said Batra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12740933", "title": "Cancer institute gears up to welcome Singh", "text": "GUWAHATI: The B Barooah Cancer Institute (BBCI) was abuzz with activity on Thursday as the employees and doctors of the institute made preparations to welcome Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday. The PM will inaugurate the state-of-the-art linear accelerator, one most advanced machines in cancer treatment and the first of its kind in the entire region. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar and minister of health and family welfare Himanta Biswa Sarma will be present on the occasion.M L Kalita, oncologist at BBCI, said, \"The linear accelerator is used for external beam radiation on cancer patients. It is used to treat all the organs of the body. It delivers high energy X-rays to the region of the tumour and helps destroy the cancerous cells without affecting the surrounding normal tissues.\" tnnKalita also said that recently, an amount of Rs 197 crore was approved by the board of directors of the institute for a revitalization project, Phase IV, to develop the institute into a centre of excellence for treatment, education and research on cancer. \"The PM would be intimated about the project,\" he added.He informed that some other advanced facilities for cancer treatment would be added in the institute, including a tomotherapy machine for radiotherapy, a second unit of the 100-bedded guesthouse for patients and attendants and a state-of-the-art laboratory.He added the PM would be at BBCI for a brief period of time, and a tight security cover has been deployed on the institute's premises from Thursday onwards. He said that the PM's visit would not affect the treatment of patients in any way.\"The PM would be here for a very short time so, as of now, we can't say whether he would be interacting with the patients. There are a lot of serious patients here, so we would ensure that the treatment doesn't get affected in any way due to the PM's visit,\" Kalita added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12740681", "title": "Jalandhar factory collapse: Shital Vij's men 'rescue' blankets, but no offer to clear debris", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as bodies were still being pulled out of the debris of the collapsed Shital Fibres on Thursday, Shital Vij's son Abhishek Vij approached an assistant commissioner of police (ACP) at the spot, asking him to tell the PAP jawans to help him recover blankets and load them in a truck. The ACP, who was supervising the cops clearing the debris, bluntly refused, following which Abhishek brought his own workers, who loaded the blankets in a cargo vehicle and took them away.Three NDRF rescuers, who saw the whole incident told mediapersons that when they had arrived at the spot on Monday morning, they had asked an official of the factory to provide them some men who could help remove the rubble to pull out survivors , but they were told that the \"employees had run away.\"On Thursday, the men brought by Vij's son confined their work to \"rescuing\" blankets and did not offer any help in clearing the debris. \"All these days, none of the factory officials has offered to press their men to help pull out workers or clear debris. We saw them only on Thursday,\" a volunteer commented.Over the last two days, blankets being removed along with the debris were being dumped on the road side and were taken away by poor residents of surrounding area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740726", "title": "Art expo explores mystic paradigm", "text": "MANGALORE: The solo art exhibition by self-taught artist, K Pundalik Shenoy, 'Inner aesthetic and outer metaphysic' at the Preediv Art Gallery here explores the mystic paradigm which moves from realistic, semi-realistic, impressionistic and surrealistic to abstract expressionism. The 73-year-old artist has won a number of awards and honors including the Kerala Lalit Kala Academy Award in 1975.His penchant for the new mediums of art is well known. Pundalik's first collection of contemporary art works `Known to the Unknown' was exhibited in 2010.Pundalik Shenoy, has conducted free workshops for school and college students. He says his collages are surrealistic and border on the three dimensional due to the paints he uses.\"I create my own paint. That is how I get the surreal effect,'' Pundalik told TOI. He also uses different materials like scarp, newspapers and coconut shells for his medium of work. \"With paint it is difficult to get depth. The intelligent use of pieces of paper, big and small and other materials add to its effect,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12740894", "title": "Man nabbed encashing fake cheque", "text": "MOHALI: The alert officials of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Phase I, Mohali, have nabbed a cheater Mahinder Singh, who was trying to encash a fake cheque from the bank on Thursday.The bank officials were alerted following after a previous attempt which was reported in PNB branch in Phase VII on April 18. Later, accused Mahinder Singh of Palsora in Sector 56 of Chandigarh, was handed over to the district police.Bank manager Raj Kumar said around 20-year-old youth had tried to encash a fake cheque from the PNB branch in Phase VII and similar attempts were made other branches too. Kumar added all branch officials were alerted and advised to check signatures and antecedents of persons bringing cheques to encash.SHO of police station in phase I, Dharampal said a case of forgery and cheating was registered against Mahinder and raids are being conducted for nabbing his accomplices. He said CCTV footage of Phase I PNB bank confirmed the involvement of Mahinder in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743538", "title": "Silver-Screen Caution", "text": "Sharda Umanath, lead author and researcher, Duke University , US, tells Diptiman Dewan that movies may not always contain factually correct information and should be used with caution in the classWhen the 3D version of the 1997 blockbuster Titanic was released in theatres recently, First Officer William Murdoch was shown shooting two men and committing suicide by gunshot. In reality, however, surviving crew members said Murdoch was last seen trying to launch lifeboats and is believed to have died in the water.\"Movies, especially historical movies, are often used in the classroom as a tool to illustrate a particular time period and help engage students in the material. However, these films often contain historical inaccuracies as the details and sometimes even major parts are changed in order to tell a more entertaining story. Prior work has shown that exposure to such inaccuracies does affect a student's memory for correct historical content. Students tend to pick up the erroneous information and reproduce it later,\" explains Sharda Umanath, lead researcher at Duke University, US.Umanath, Andrew Butler and Elizabeth Marsh, researchers at Duke conducted a study, 'Positive and negative effects of monitoring popular films for historical inaccuracies,' which brought this to light.In two experiments, students were asked to study passages about several historical topics and watched clips from corresponding movies. Each film clip contained one major piece of information that was directly contradicted by the text (thus, a historical inaccuracy). Some students were asked to explicitly try to find the inaccuracies as they viewed the film clips. After a delay, they were then tested on the material that they read in the passages.It was found that students detected only 35% of the inaccuracies presented by the films. And those who were asked to detect the inaccuracies learned just as much incorrect information as students who were merely told to watch them.\"The key to reducing this problem is for educators to explicitly inform students about the errors in how a film portrays historical events so that they can learn historically accurate information. With such feedback, students quite rarely learned and reproduced erroneous content that they saw in the films,\" concludes Umanath.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12737808", "title": "Cloudy weather brings relief", "text": "KANPUR: The sun played hide and seek here on Thursday. Both the minimum and maximum temperatures increased by a couple of degrees. However, the cloudy sky gave respite to the commuters during afternoon.The maximum temperature recorded on Thursday was 39.0 degrees. This was one degree higher than the previous day's temperature. The minimum temperature remained at 19.6 degrees. This was two degrees more than that of Wednesday.The humidity remained low on Thursday, while hot north-westerlies add to the hotness even in evening hours. The humidity was 53 per cent in the morning which reduced to just 23 degrees in the afternoon.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the hot winds have created cyclonic disturbance. This may lead to scattered rains on Friday or Saturday. The meteorologists have predicted that temperature may not rise much in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739133", "title": "2 college students held for beating up bus driver", "text": "JAIPUR: Two college students were arrested for beating up a mini-bus driver and conductor in Mahesh Nagar on Thursday.According to police, both the accused Vijay Singh Meena (20) and Hemraj Meena (20) are residents of Gangapur city and study at a college in Jaipur.A police officer said, \"Vijay Singh and Hemraj wanted to board the bus and signalled the driver to stop. The driver did not stop since it was not a bus stop, which annoyed them. They ran behind the bus and got into it and when the bus conductor asked for their ticket they refused to pay the money. Instead, they started beating him up.\"Both the accused were taken to the Mahesh Nagar police station and Amrita Singh, station in-charge, is investigating the case. \"Both the accused were arrested under section 151 of CrPC and will be presented in the court on Friday,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12738560", "title": "Transformer burnt in Candolim", "text": "CANDOLIM: An electricity department transformer at Escrivaovado, Candolim, was completely charred in a fire that broke out on Thursday morning at 8.30am.Although local residents called the fire brigade, the fire was put out by the locals before the fire tender could arrive at the site, along the Calangute-Candolim main road near Viva Goa restaurant.Junior engineer Pradeep Narvekar of the electricity department office at Candolim ruled out any foul play, and said the incident might have occurred after sparks were generated within the transformer leading to the fibre box catching fire.He said it is one of the most common causes of such fires. The transformer was completely gutted and electricity to the area was shut down for a few hours. The burnt unit was later replaced with a mobile transformer and electricity restored latter in the day. Nobody was hurt in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739569", "title": "Don\u2019t drag matrimonial cases: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Matrimonial proceedings should not be dragged indefinitely by courts, said the Bombay high court on Thursday while dissolving a marriage, nearly 11 years after the case languished in courts. The court said that either spouse, who wishes to remarry, is deprived of the benefits of motherhood/fatherhood and important years of matrimonial life are wasted.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing an appeal filed by Brenda Furtado against the family court (FC)'s August 30, 2005 order rejecting her plea for divorce. Brenda moved the FC in 2001 urging annulment of the civil marriage between her and Sunil Shah saying she was forced to marry him by coercion and fraud and never gave her free consent.Brenda and Sunil lived nearby in Vasai. On February 22, 2001, he came to her college in Vashi with a revolver and acid bottle and threatened to kill her parents. He took her to a studio and made her pose with him for pictures and thereafter took her to the Bandra marriage office.She filed a police complaint against him and moved the FC. The FC judge relied on the pictures saying \"she was quite happy after marriage\" and ruled that Brenda gave consent for the marriage. Brenda, now a London resident, said since the date of marriage, she never resided with Sunil.In a chamber hearing in the HC, Brenda and Sunil agreed to dissolve the marriage through consent. The HC judges, in their order, noted that Brenda moved the FC in 2001 within a short period \"after the so-called marriage\". Also, that the appeal against the FC order was pending in HC since 6 years. \"In our view, matrimonial matters should not be allowed to be prolonged for such an indefinite period so that if the husband or wife, as the case may be, is able to get a decree of divorce and if he/she wants to remarry, the important years of matrimonial life are not wasted,\" the judges said.Observing that it was \"unfortunate\", the judges said that Brenda is about 35 years and \"because of the pendency of this matter for such a long time, she has been deprived of the benefits of motherhood\". They added that the case is \"an eye-opener\" for courts dealing with family disputes.(Names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739361", "title": "Plan for smart ride on train, bus, Metro", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters will be able to use one smart card to travel on trains, buses, taxis and catamarans in the region in near future.The urban development ministry, which is pushing for the card, recently held a meeting with senior officials of the railways, BEST, Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation, Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation and civic bodies of Vasai-Virar, Kalyan-Dombivli and Ulhasnagar.According to MMRDA joint project director Dilip Kawathkar, the central push is directed at having a national common mobility card. The Centre has identified UTI Infrastructure and Technology Services Ltd, a Government of Indian undertaking, to be the national technology aggregator for the system. UTI Infrastructure will offer MMRDA and transit corporations services to implement the unified ticketing solutions, 'More Mumbai'. Kawathkar said initially, there would be a common card for rail, Metro and bus and later, it would be extended to water transport and taxis. Kawatkhar said not only were city transport organizations keen on the card but civic bodies of Ulhasnagar and Vasai-Virar were also interested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741111", "title": "Skill training plan for 13 lakh youths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has set a target to impart skill training to about 13 lakh youths by 2017 in its move to facilitate job opportunities for the unemployed .Chief secretary BK Patnaik, who chaired a meeting in this regard recently, has asked the State Employment Mission to develop Modular Employable Skill Training programmes to train youths in important trades, the area in which there are increasing demands both in government and private sectors.With a growing demand for nursing jobs, the government has planned to train 50,000 girls in auxiliary nursing and paramedics during 2012-2017.Similarly the government has a target to impart skilled training to about 50,000 youths, aims to engage them in fields such as external hospitality, restaurant services, domestic services, cooks, and waiters etc. The potential employers in the private sector include Pizza Hut, Papa Jones, Subway , Barista and KFC.The meeting took note of the fact that the demand for skilled workers in tourism, hospitality and hotel management are quite high and need special attention.The construction sector has been also identified as an important area with large employment capabilities. This sector is said to be the second largest economic activity after agriculture at present, having recorded a growth rate of more than 11 per cent.Anticipating large-scale employment in this sector, the meeting decided to train about two lakh youths of the state in various operations related to construction.The meeting also discussed that other important sectors with large employment potential are textiles, manufacturing, mining, IT, ITES, retail, telecom, banking, driving and security guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12730881", "title": "Sensuous Sonalee", "text": "The Marathi film industry goes bold as they experiment with erotic posterAnd for those who are wondering who is the face of that figure; the answer is - Sonalee Kulkarni, the apsara of Marathi film industry, who, for the first time is posing boldly for the Marathi celluloid - not for entertainment , but for art. Playing the role of Paro, a tribal woman in Nitin Chandrakant Desai's Ajintha, Sonalee gets talking about the boldness of the poster and the substance behind it.\"Yes, it was a bit awkward to pose for the poster with my bare back but then, when I studied the philosophy behind the film, behind the sensuous paintings, I realised that the role I am doing is not skin deep. The role and its presentation in a particular manner has got a philosophy behind it,\" says Sonalee, who has been working hard to hide her fair skin under the dusky beauty of a tribal girl in remote village of Lenadpur in Maharashtra - which is where the story unveils.Just a quick web search of the name - Robert Gill yields umpteen number of results regarding the British researcher-painter's contribution in discovering the majestic caves of Ajanta. What finds no mention is Paro - the girl he met, fell in love and who became his inspiration while discovering the hidden sculptures. \"There is absolutely no literature available regarding Paro. And that is what makes it a challenging character to portray,\" smiles Sonalee.\"I had to wear a full body makeup throughout the shoot. And we shot for 12 days at Ajanta caves besides 40 days in Karjat. I jumped off a 60 feet waterfall and went on a honey bee comb hunt and fell from a mountain - all this to portray a strong, weathered tribal girl Paro,\" she says. Like all his films, Ajintha for Desai is yet another lifetime project. And the director is all praises for Sonalee's dedication and efforts. \"I wanted to give Sonalee a never seen before look. And in that, I give her 200 per cent marks. Be it maintaining her figure, look or performance related aspects,\" says Desai.Perceived to be yet another milestone in the Marathi film transition, the posters of the film are inviting encouraging reactions from the film fraternity. \"The look, theme and philosophy that back the look are a commendable thing. For me, it is a wonderful outcome of globalisation,\" says director Viju Mane. Actor Bhargavi Chirmule who agrees, adds, \"I am certain that a far sighted director like Nitin Desai and actor like Sonalee who carried off a lavani artiste's role in Natrang so gracefully must have made sure that Paro's look does not look crude but artistic.\" We agree. So just as this mystic bold love story waits to be unfolded on the screen soon, we wonder whether this bold image will be a stepping stone for more to come in the industry? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12738368", "title": "Fire destroys Tirumala forest", "text": "TIRUPATI: Hundreds of hectares of forest was destroyed when a major fire broke out in the dense forests on Tirumala hills on Thursday, sources at Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams said. They said that vehicular traffic came to a halt on the first ghat (down route) road for over an hour as the fire was noticed spreading downhill and moving quickly towards the road close to the statue of Lord Hanuman on the hills this afternoon.By the time fire tenders reached the spot, the fire destroyed one km length of forest close to the road, they said.Forest officials made a vain bid to contain the raging fire even two hours after dusk, the sources said. A thick blanket of smoke was visible as far as in Puttur, 35 km from here, according to devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "zirakpur (chandigarh)", "code": "12740557", "title": "Himalayan Expressway to cut travel time to Shimla", "text": "ZIRAKPUR (CHANDIGARH): Shimla-bound tourists can now avoid congested Kalka and Pinjore towns and save at least an hour on their road trips with the opening of a 10-km express bypass from Zirakpur to Parwanoo on Thursday. The bypass, cutting through the Shivaliks, is part of the 27.5 km expressway project between the two towns on NH-5.Road transport and highways minister C P Joshi opened the four-lane Himalayan Expressway that will bring huge relief to commuters, who often face long snarls at Kalka and Pinjore. Though the stretch will reduce the distance between Zirakpur and Parwanoo by only three kilometers, NHAI officials said the bypass will save time and fuel in a big way. Rough estimates suggest that tourists driving down from Delhi would now take seven hours to reach Shimla instead of eight.To improve connectivity to the Himachal Pradesh capital, Joshi also announced that NHAI would undertake four-laning work of the 80-km stretch from Parwanoo to Shimla. NHAI officials said this improvement work would be completed in three years.\"Pinjore had been the biggest nightmare for commuters. The road is only two-laned and there is huge traffic. Though people have to pay toll for using the expressway, they can cross this stretch in just 10-15 minutes,\" said an NHAI official. Commuters need to pay Rs 21 as toll for each trip on this stretch.The Himalayan Expressway, built by the Jaypee group, passes through three states -- Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. The road runs two kilometers in Punjab, 21 km in Haryana and 4.6 km in Himachal. The small stretch has 32 structures including a rail overbridge, two flyovers and 11 bridges.\"It was a difficult stretch to build. We have constructed high retaining walls, concrete cladding up to 30 meters high to save the houses and rock fall protection measures,\" said a Jaypee executive.For better monitoring of mishaps, the developer has adopted video incident detection system (VIDS). It claimed that eight cameras had been installed on the hilly stretch so that they got instant input of any accident from these spots.Moreover, the 14-lane toll plaza at Zirakpur became the first plaza fitted with radio frequency identification (RFID) technology. All toll gates have got RFID tag readers and Joshi said in the next two years, commuters can pass through all e-toll plazas using a single RFID tag. Vehicles fitted with the RFID tags won't have to wait in queues as the boom barrier would automatically lift as soon as the vehicle approaches.An RFID tag is like a band aid, which can be attached to the windscreen of a vehicle. \"People can recharge easily and the toll charge would get automatically deducted,\" an NHAI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738919", "title": "CBI special judge transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Thursday transferred B Naga Maruthi Sarma, the special judge of CBI court in Hyderabad, as second additional special judge of another CBI court. A Pullayya, who is currently chief judge of city small causes court, will now replace him as special judge of the CBI Court.The state government has granted three new CBI courts in the recent past and it is planned to run all the four CBI courts from an accommodation developed at Gagan Vihar Bhavan in the city.In tune with this, the HC has filled the posts of judges for the newly set up CBI courts also. The remaining two CBI courts will now be headed by first additional special judge T Pattabhi Rama Rao who is coming here from an ACB court.Family court judge M V Ramana Naidu will be taking over as the third additional special judge of the CBI Court. All the four CBI courts will soon start functioning from Gagan Vihar and since Special judge Pullayya is the senior-most of the four judges, he will allocate work among themselves.Currently, there are 270 cases pending in the CBI courts and this includes the ongoing high profile cases like Emaar, OMC, Jagan Assets case. The new CBI court set up in Vizag will now be headed by N Ananda Rao who is currently working with the family court there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12745022", "title": "Diya to quit 'Na Aana Is Desh Laado'", "text": "'Na Aana Is Desh Laado', the hit TV series on Colors has never failed to surprise audiences. It is the perfect recipe for drama. There have been several twists and turns in the storyline, a change in the time slot and finally, the entry and exit of several famous characters.Living up to its name and TRP'S, viewers are in for a jolt again! Simran Kaur, who essays the role of Amma ji's granddaughter Diya, is set to bid adieu to her character on the small screen. The shy, soft spoken actress will follow in the footsteps of other popular faces that have long left the show: Raghav (Aditya Redij) and Sia (Natasha Sharma).Sources confirm that Simran Kaur has decided to give Diya's character a final rest and that the actress and the production house have agreed on the same amicably. Although her exit from the show has yet to be finalized, rumours are abuzz that Diya may die in a blast. Kaur however remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12746215", "title": "Major fire at Vikas Sadan in Delhi, no casualties", "text": "NEW DELHI: A massive fire broke out at the multi-storey Vikas Sadan near ITO on Friday afternoon.The fire, which broke out at 2.50 pm, engulfed the top floor of the building. No casualties have been reported in the incident.According to fire department officials, six fire tenders were rushed to the spot to douse the fire.The cause of the accident is yet to be identified, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740729", "title": "Affiliation to BJP spurred attack: Uchil", "text": "MANGALORE: Rahim Uchil, president of Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy who is recuperating after a near fatal attack on him at the academy's office in Attavar here on March 19, has attempted to set at rest reasons for the attack. In the first public statement since the attack, Rahim stated \"proper use of freedom of speech\" and his association with the BJP were the main reasons for the assault.The statement was issued on the academy letterhead bearing thumb impression with a footnote which states that Rahim has done so as he is unable to affix his signature. He stated that leaders and well-wishers cutting across party lines called on him at the hospital to wish him well. \"Absence of leaders of a political party, which is the backbone of the organization that carried out the attack, has strengthened my suspicion,\" Rahim stated without naming it.\"I have truly forgiven my attackers and bear no malice towards them,\" Rahim stated adding that he had urged the Mangalore city police chief Seemant Kumar Singh and police inspector of Mangalore South police station K Tilakchandra to ensure that actual culprits were nabbed and no innocent was harassed in connection with the investigations. City police arrested Umar Farooq of Ullal in connection with the case. Police are on the lookout for other perpetrators.Uchil exhorted the organization involved in the attack and the political party nurturing it not to use the language of murder to stymie freedom of expression. Asserting that he has worked to resolve problems of the minorities through the political party of which he is member, Rahim said he has not betrayed or hurt his community. \"However, vested interests have projected me in poor light vis-a-vis the community and I will tread carefully in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12739802", "title": "Brahmins Sammelan planned on Parshuram Jayanti in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Organizers are working day and night to ensure an attendance of nearly 1 lakh brahmins at the one-day Brahma Sammelan planned in the city on Parshuram Jayanti on April 24.Chief minister Narendra Modi is expected to attend the function but office bearers of the organizing body, Brahma Samaj of south Gujarat insist that they don't want the function to get any political hue. However, Mahagujarat Janta Party's city unit and Congress dubbed Modi's coming to the event as another attempt by the saffron party to hijack social and community gatherings. \"In the recent Patidar Sammelan, they (BJP members) were unable to bring people and the programme became a damp squib. So, they are trying their hands at the Brahmins congregation. But we will not let it succeed,\" said an MJP office bearer.Brahma Samaj office bearers, however, said that they will not allow the function to become a political stage. Raju Pathak from Brahma Samaj of south Gujarat said, \"Why is there so much hue and cry if the chief minister accepts our invitation and is willing to participate in the social activities of Brahmins of the region. He is one of the guests along with Ramesh Oza and many other saints.\" Further, Pathak argued, \"We have been preparing for this event since February 19. We want to gather more than 1 lakh brahmins of the region and take a vow to set up a complex for the community. We will make a legal body to achieve our goal but will not tolerate any political bickering on the platform.\"\"We are trying to reach each and every home of brahmins and make sure that they are present on that day at Yogi Chowk where this show of strength of the community is to take place,\" said Dinesh Joshi, another office bearer of Brahma Samaj. MSes reading, \"Narendra Muni will give his blessings and sermons to Brahmins of south Gujarat on the auspicious day of Parshuram Jayanti, which falls on April 24,\" are also doing the rounds.Many brahmins living in this area consider south Gujarat as their astha centre (centre of faith) as this was the land where Lord Parsuram lived.However, some brahmin leaders who are also active in BJP have left no stone unturned to galvanize large crowds on the day. After the Patidar Sammelan fiasco, which took place in the presence of Modi, the BJP leadership is also making all possible efforts to bring in as many people possible as they can. As a face-saving exercise, some Patidar leaders have also joined in to mobilize the public, sources said. A similar community gathering of Brahmins eight years ago had turned into a damp squib after local BJP brahmin leadership along with the then Bajrang Dal chief Haresh Bhatt had hijacked the platform for their personal and political gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12738993", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority's 'call centre' to resolve residents' woes", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is all set to start a 'call centre' next month to resolve civic grievances. In order to quickly redress the problem of the residents, the authority has taken the initiative, where the call centre will register public grievances and forward the complaints to officials concerned.A senior JDA official said, \"We will start a 15-day trial run from April 23. We will try to resolve technical and other problems occurred during the trial which will be examined for residents' convenience in future. In its initial phase the complaints related to engineering wing and enforcement cell will be registered. At JDA a large number of complaints related to encroachment and roads are registered daily. We are planning to take complaints from these two wings initially.\" It will be established at JDA headquarters basement and around 10 telecallers and two managers will be employed to run the centre.An official said the call centre will be one of its kinds as many features have been introduced for the first time. \"For complainants to check the action on the complaint, we have already prepared specially designed software to provide feedback.\" He added, \"If we compare it with the Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) call centre then there the complaints are forwarded to the officials for redressal, however, there is no feedback given.\" This call centre would be unique as after a few days the complainant will be called back to know whether his grievance has been addressed or not.Apart from establishing a call centre, the JDA has also started a barcode system to track the files within the department. The initiative has been taken from zone - 7 where the authorities have already started bar-coding. \"After this tracking a file in any zone will be convenient for the officials and even this will help to redress the residents' problems quickly,\" said the official.EomJaipur: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is all set to start a 'call centre' next month to resolve civic grievances. In order to quickly redress the problem of the residents the authority has taken the initiative, where the call centre will register public grievances and forward the complaints to officials concerned.A senior JDA official, said, \"We will start a 15 days trail run from April 23. The technical and other problems occurred during the trail will be try to resolved and examined for residents convince in future.\" In its initial phase the complaints related to engineering wing and enforcement cell will be registered. \"At JDA large number of complaints related to encroachment and roads are registered daily. We are planning to take complaints from these two wings initially.\" The establishment will be done at JDA headquarters basement and around 10 tele-callers and two managers will be employed to run the centre.An official said the call centre will be on of its kinds as there are many features introduced for the first time. \"For complainant to check the action on the complaint, we have already prepared special designed software for providing feedback.\" He added, \"If we compare it with Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) call centre its only complaints are forwarded to the officials for redresses, however, there is no feedback given.\" This call centre would be unique as after few days a will be made to the complainant to know whether his grievance is redressed or not once the call centre has recorded the complaints.Apart from establishing a call centre, the JDA has also started a barcode system to track the files with in the department. The initiative has the taken from zone - 7 where the authorities have already started the bar-coding. \"After this tracking a file in any zone will be become convenient for the officials and even this will help to redress the problem of the residents quickly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740561", "title": "Punjab defence services department in contempt loop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Retaining Lt Col (retd) Manmohan Singh as district sainik welfare officer (DSWO), Jalandhar despite high court orders to remove him, has landed top officials of Punjab defence services welfare department in the contempt loop.The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday issued contempt notice to principal secretary, department of defence services welfare, Punjab, C Roul, and director, sainik welfare, Punjab, Brigadier Manjit Singh, for continuing Lt Col Manmohan Singh in service. They have been asked why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against them for defying the HC directions.Justice Surya Kant of the HC has passed these orders while hearing a contempt petition filed by H C Rathi. The petitioner had stated in his contempt petition that the division bench of the HC on February 21 this year had set aside the appointment of Lt Col Manmohan Singh as DSWO, Jalandhar and also imposed a cost of Rs 50,000, to be paid by the state of Punjab, and to be recovered from the concerned officer, who was instrumental in making the illegal appointment of Lt Col (retd.) Manmohan Singh on the said post.Counsel for the petitioner brought it to the notice of HC that despite the aforesaid judgment of February 21, Lt Col Manmohan Singh is continuing on the post of DSWO, Jalandhar, which amounted to defiance of HC directions.Importantly, Lt Col Manmohan Singh was retained in service by the state in contravention of service rules on grounds that he is \"drawing a salary of Rs 1 per month only\", his \"name was recommended for Padma Bhushan award\" and he has done \"excellent job\".Quashing his appointment in February this year, a division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar had also directed the chief secretary, Punjab to conduct an inquiry in this regard and fix responsibility for making the illegal appointment of Lt Col Manmohan Singh.The case has now been fixed for May 9 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12738341", "title": "60-yr-old law shrouds Paoli poster \u2018skin show\u2019 in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal government continues to play moral guardian with an obsolete tool of the Seventies, guiding people on what posters to see and what they should not.The state has been debating 'obscenity' since the days of celebrated Bengali writer Buddhadeb Bose's novel 'Raat Bhor Brishti' that went to press in 1968. Author Samaresh Basu had to face the same censorship and went through a protracted legal battle till the Supreme Court lifted the ban on his novel 'Projapati' in 1985.The debate still continues - this time it's over two posters of Vikram Bhatt's 'Hate Story', releasing on Friday. One has its main protagonist Paoli Dam sowing her \"bare back\" and another in a \"compromising position with a man.\" A ban has been imposed on these two posters under the West Bengal (Compulsory Censorship of Film Publicity Materials) Act, 1974 (only Tamil Nadu has a similar law). The West Bengal Board of Censorship allowed six posters only after Paoli's bare back was covered up in blue paint.The Act was passed nearly 60 years ago in the Bengal assembly for primarily two expressed reasons - and another unsaid. The Cinematography Act 1952 does not directly cover \"obscene\" posters and hence a local law was required. The other was to stop the seemingly obscene B-grade film posters flooding Kolkata in the '70s. The unsaid reason, many believe, was to give the government control over what posters can be \"shown in public places\" and what not.The then information and cultural affairs minister Subrata Mukherjee doesn't recollect the precise reason why he brought in this law, but stresses that all talk of it being an Emergency-era law is wrong, \"Emergency was imposed in June 26, 1975, much later,\" he said. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee looks after the department now, with Mukherjee a key member of her cabinet.People have changed over time, but not the law. Celebrated filmmaker Mrinal Sen says: \"It is childish and should be considered in context of all that is happening now. There is censorship in every form. I feel this is insulting and should be rejected outright.\"\"The law has no relevance now. How many films bank only on posters for promotion? Television, audio channels and internet now rule film promotions,\" says Jadavpur University's professor of film studies, Sanjay Mukhopadhyay.Debananda Sengupta, I&CA; deputy director and the state's censor officer, argues, \"In the pre-1974 phase there was a voluntary form of censorship. But with more films being produced there was felt a need for control. The law is only applicable to film posters and publicity material which are displayed in pubic places. Within the confines of a cinema hall, people can watch the film in its entirety. When it is in a public place, everyone watches it.\"Sudhasatta Banerjee, who had moved Calcutta high court on behalf of the 'Hate Story' producers, pleading that this law be termed unconstitutional, says: \"Once a film is cleared under the Act any part of it can't be deemed obscene if displayed publicly. The posters are part of movie stills. Second, the state's 1974 Act doesn't specify what is obscene - it is left to the discretion of a few officers. This is arbitrary.\" The court has asked the state to file a reply to his petition and the case will come up for hearing again, said Bhattacharya.Director Mahesh Bhatt, whose 'Murder 2' posters had met with a similar fate said: \"While I have no problems with cultural sensitivity, I wonder what's happening to Bengal that has been an epicenter of all kinds of subversive thoughts. How can the state support a repressive philosophy? We are living in the 21st century where gay relationships are getting recognised by the apex court, where men are into sperm donations and women are open to surrogate motherhood. How can a bare back of a woman offend sensibilities?\"Pritam Jalan, the distributor of \"Hate Story\", says: \"The government should consider abolishing this archaic law. I can distribute the posters in Ranchi but not in Kolkata. Isn't that strange?\" Producer Vikram Bhatt said: \"I am not opposed to the government's views but it's important to have a holistic view. If you can allow a sexual deodorant, contraceptive or lingerie ad, how can you have problems with a movie poster? Won't kids ask what a condom is when they see an ad? Going by this logic, the Bengal government must ban YouTube and all Internet porn sites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12737999", "title": "Permits will be cancelled if agitation continues: Madan", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport minister Madan Mitra warned striking taxi men that the government would revoke permits if they continue with the agitation. Taxi owners have threatened a longer strike in May.\"If you are unwilling to run taxis, then hand over the keys to us as there are many educated unemployed youth to run the cabs,\" the minister said. \"The CPM backed the organization that is on strike. So they indulged in hooliganism. I had apprehended something like this and had kept three ambulances ready to carry ailing commuters. We ran 400 additional buses today.\"Mitra admitted taxi drivers have problems. \"A solution has to be found but the problems of passengers must be addressed first,\" the minister said, thanking auto drivers for \"bailing out passengers at Sealdah station\". Cautioning the cabbies, he said: \"If you want to pursue your demands and go on strike, then surrender the papers. I will let others operate the taxis on condition that they cannot go on strike.\"He promised that the government will hold talks with banks to ease up the loan process for taxi owners. The transport department is also considering allowing display of advertisements atop cabs. He said that he plans to start auto driving schools and \"train a new generation of taxi drivers\". Mitra warned that refusals by taxi drivers will be strictly dealt with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738556", "title": "Parrikar brainstorms over Right to Education Act implementation", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday asked officials of the directorate of education, heads of schools and other stakeholders to prepare individual plans on how the Right to Education (RTE) Act can be implemented in Goa. Parrikar will meet the stakeholders again in 15 days to discuss the various plans and come up with the most feasible one.Sources present at the meeting said that Parrikar is not in favour of implementing the RTE Act hurriedly, which could create confusion in the education sector.Parrikar had called the meeting of officials from the DoE, heads of schools and other stakeholders to discuss the implementation of the act.Parrikar also discussed the no fail policy's implementation, which was introduced from the last academic year. \"He is not in favour of a no fail policy and has asked the director of education and heads of schools to come up with alternate ways of implementing the policy so that students will have to put in greater efforts to earn a promotion to the higher class,\" said sources.Parrikar has floated a suggestion where students who have failed a class could be called for extra coaching classes during summer vacations and answer an exam before the new academic year begins to clear the previous class. He also suggested another option where for a failure the academic year would be lengthened to one and half year.According to the no fail policy, no child from Class I to Class VIII in Goa will fail, irrespective of how poorly he or she fares in exams as under the RTE Act it has become mandatory to pass all students up to the upper primary level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12738677", "title": "Subjects panel poll process under scanner", "text": "AMRAVATI: The election procedure of members of subject committees has raised doubts as president of zilla parishad could not give correct information about the names of those elected.ZP president Surekha Thakare claimed that 81 members had been elected unopposed, but she failed to give their names and nor could she provide information of those who withdrew nomination forms. Sources claimed foul play in the election of committee members and held internal differences in the ruling parties for the situation.The ZP president was supposed to declare the names of those elected and portfolios of the chairpersons on Thursday. However, the election was marred after members of Congress and Shiv Sena exchanged blows when the former succeeded in getting the support of two BJP candidates to get its chairpersons elected. The ruling NCP which formed an alliance with Shiv Sena and BJP took objection to the election procedure.When the meeting started, Thakare straightway declared the unopposed election of 81 members. But she could not give their names till 5.30pm. She told reporters that the list containing names of the candidates would be given on Friday. This was an unprecedented incident as the ZP chief could not give details. She also denied that there were internal differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12744285", "title": "Of revenge and leaked sex tapes", "text": "Abhishek Manu Singhvi's alleged sex tape CD has apparently been leaked by his own driver. We trace more such Ghar Ka Bhedis...Jaya Prada nude pixDuring the last Lok Sabha elections, film star-turned politico, Jaya Prada , alleged that her friend-turned-foe Azam Khan was distributing nude pictures and CDs of hers. Interestingly, it was Jaya herself who had publically addressed Azam Khan as her 'bhaiya' and had even tied a Rakhi on his wrist earlier.Riya Sen MMS sagaIt was cited as a classic case of two fledgling actors finding solace in each other's arms. The gossip columnists went gushy about Riya Sen and Ashmit Patel's 'ah so cute' romance. Till, of course, love soured, and a 'bare all' MMS showed Riya allegedly indulging in carnal pleasures. All fingers pointed towards Ashmit, who looked not very convincing- denying his role in it.ND Tiwari sex tapesThat is one saga , which still makes men go green - with envy of course! After all, it requires some stamina to 'play along' with three women simultaneously at a ripe old age. The ex Governor of Andhra Pradesh and seasoned politician ND Tiwari was allegedly miffed when his so-called sex party was pooped by none other than his own driver.Nityanand sex CDsIn the case of self-proclaimed Godman Swami Nityanand, it was his own disciple, who allegedly recorded his myriad sexual escapades, including the ones with a South actress, and released them to press. Till date, Swami is sore over his closest ally gone astray!Amarmani Tripathi sex tapesUP's former minister Amarmani Tripathi met this young and very ambitious poetess Madhumita Shukla in a mushaira, and a classic love story began! All was well till the girl got carried away by her ishk-wishk and started dreaming of becoming his missus. When the man did a volte-face, the lady started frothing at the mouth. Hell hath no fury as a woman scorned, so the ditched ladylove leaked some lovemaking pictures in certain sections of press, which allegedly led to her murder later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12740451", "title": "\u2018Meat eating played a big role in human evolution\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Meat eating helped early humans to spread more quickly across the world and had a profound effect on human evolution, scientists say.Researchers from Lund University in Sweden found that the high-quality diet allowed mothers to wean babies earlier and have more children, allowing human communities to grow faster.The researchers, who detailed their findings in the scientific journal PLoS ONE, compared 67 species of mammals, including humans, apes, mice and killer whales, and found a clear correlation between eating meat and earlier weaning.They also found that babies of all species stop suckling when their brains have developed to a particular stage, but carnivores reached this point more quickly than herbivores or omnivores.\"Eating meat enabled the breast-feeding periods and thereby the time between births to be shortened,\" lead author Elia Psouni was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail. \"This must have had a crucial impact on human evolution.\"In the past, researchers had tried to explain the shorter breast-feeding period of humans based on social and behavioural theories of parenting and family size.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740339", "title": "Freak accident brings young lives &amp; aspirations to sudden end", "text": "MUMBAI: Jatin Wara's recent success at his professional life was short-lived. He was one of the victims of the train accident between Mulund and Nahur that claimed three lives. His friends found the 29-year-old's body under another victim's.Wara was employed with Thomas Cook since the past five years, and was promoted to the post of manager just a month ago. His close friend, Parag Patil, said that he was \"very excited\" about the new responsibilities. His family members were also looking for a suitable match for him after his elder brother recently got married.Patil said that he and Wara routinely took the 8.45am local from Kalva. \"But, on Thursday, we took the 8.33am local. After his promotion, he had been keeping busy, so we would travel together only once a day,\" he said. Recollecting the events of the fateful day, he said they were talking to each other in the crowded first class compartment even minutes before Jatin fell down. \"I suddenly heard a loud noise and started looking for him. But, I could not see him. I pulled the chain but the train only slowed down, it did not stop,\" said Patil.Jatin's friend of four years, Patil rushed to the Mulund station where the railway police officials did not \"show much urgency\". \"I started walking on the tracks and reached the spot. His body was lying under another body. This scene will remain etched in my mind forever,\" said the friend. Jatin's family members refused to talk as they prepared for his final rites.The third victim Daneshkumar Yadav, hailed from UP and had recently come to the city looking for a job. He was working as a painter in Borivli and surviving on odd jobs. One of his friends told TOI that Danesh wanted to take the next local as it was too crowded but they insisted on taking it.Many patients complained about the non-functional X-ray machine at the Rajawadi Hospital due to which patients were sent to Godrej and Mahatma Phule Hospitals later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12739158", "title": "Government law colleges in state have no buildings, teachers", "text": "JAIPUR: The government law colleges in the state are functioning without a single professor and with hardly any building of their own. Of the 15 government law colleges in the state, just two colleges-those at Bundi and Jhalawar-have their own buildings. Six of these colleges are functioning with more than 50% of the lecturers' posts lying vacant, while two colleges have neither a professor nor a single lecturer.The information was tabled in the assembly by higher education minister Dayaram Parmar on Thursday. \"The professors' posts are to be filled through promotions, but the matter is pending before the Supreme Court,\" the minister told the House.Even as former education minister Vasudev Devnani, who sought the information, asserted that none of the 15 government law colleges had recognition from the Bar Council of India (BCI), minister Parmar insisted that these colleges were duly recognised. Devnani as well as another BJP legislator Anita Bhadel, however, claimed that a fine of Rs 1.20 lakh was imposed on the government law college at Ajmer because it did not have the BCI recognition.\"I will get it inquired why this fine was imposed,\" minister Parmar replied, as the opposition raked up the subject saying that the career of thousands of law students in the state were at stake since the government colleges lacked recognition as well as adequate teaching staff.\"It is a matter of policy and the chief minister should intervene to safeguard the law students' future,\" deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said during the Question Hour. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who was present in the House then, chose to remain silent.As per the information tabled in the House, the government law colleges at Bundi and Sirohi do not have a single lecturer against the sanctioned posts of four in each of them. The colleges at Bhilwara, Bikaner, Churu, Dholpur, Jhalawar and Nagaur have more than 50% posts of the lecturers lying vacant, while the college at Kota was functioning with just half the strength of sanctioned posts.For its eight law colleges at Bikaner, Sikar, Alwar, Kota, Ajmer, Bharatpur, Bhilwara and Sriganganagar, the state government has approved funds for constructing their buildings. \"The government sanctioned Rs 16 crore for the work and of this amount, Rs 6 crore was provided to the public works department in the financial year 2011-12,\" minister Parmar said. At the same time, the minister admitted that the construction work has begun for only five of these eight colleges. Eight government law colleges are still waiting for their own buildings, while the government is yet to sanction funds for constructions at five of these colleges.Besides the 15 government law colleges, there were 43 private law colleges in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12739259", "title": "Soon, Haryana Urban Development Authority-led committee to look after Mayfield Gardens", "text": "GURGAON: After much dilly-dallying, the department of Town and Country Planning has decided to hand over the management of Mayfield Gardens to the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA).DTCP director general T C Gupta has issued an order to form a committee in which the HUDA administrator (Gurgaon) will be the chairman. The committee will also have the district town planner, senior town planner and senior town planner (enforcement) as its members. The department had earlier considered the idea of handing over the project to the MCG, but it was later decided that HUDA has more manpower and expertise to maintain such a large colony.The committee will be empowered to look into the guidelines for registration of properties in the colony. As per the order, the committee should assess the amount of funds needed to carry out development works in the colony. HUDA would now play a key role in issues like water supply and sanitation.The residents have welcomed the DTCP decision and said they hoped to see some action on ground.\"Involving HUDA is a positive development. They provide maintenance services in all HUDA sectors and can easily do the same in the colony,\" said Sanjay Singh, a resident.After the DTCP had taken over the project from developers in February, the residents were clueless about the fate of their locality.\"There was no clarity as to who will manage the services like streetlights, repairs of roads and sanitation. We hope things will improve with the committee being formed,\" said Nisha Singh, MCG councillor.The residents are still waiting for the TCP to decide about the registration of their properties. Last year, the DTCP had announced an embargo on registration of all the properties of Mayfield Gardens. The move affected the house owners as they could not register their properties despite having paid all the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12738438", "title": "Minister Baswaraju Saraiah joins anti-YSR tirade", "text": "WARANGAL: Minister Kondru Murali started it all with a tirade against Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, calling the late chief minister anti-dalit. Taking the anti-YSR campaign to another level, BC welfare minister Baswaraju Saraiah on Thursday made a sensational disclosure. He accused YSR of threatening him against organizing meetings in support of separate Telangana state.Not stopping at that, Saraiah went on to charge the late CM with denying him the cabinet berth only because of his pro-Telangana stand. Speaking at a Prajapatham meeting at Rangashaipet here, Saraiah said: \"Rajasekhara Reddy had called me up and warned me against organising meetings in Warangal in support of Telangana. He tried to control me with his threats.\"Saraiah said had he 'surrendered' to the threats, he could have got a cabinet berth. \"I did not buckle under the threats and that's why I did not make it to the cabinet though I am a senior leader in the party,\" he said. He went on to claim that he was the only Congress leader in Warangal district fighting with the party leadership for a separate Telangana.Expressing surprise at Saraiah's remarks, senior analysts wondered what he was trying to prove by launching a diatribe against YSR. \"Kondru made the remarks against YSR mainly to woo dalits ahead of the by-polls in the coastal Andhra region. But Saraiah's comments are untimely as except Parkal, no constituency in Telangana would be facing bypolls,\" an analyst pointed out.Kondru Murali fired the first salvo against YSR by calling the late chief minister as anti-dalit. The sensational comment created a flutter both within and outside the party as the attack came from a relatively junior minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12738680", "title": "Did officials pocket Rs2.83 cr paid to buy bhoodan land from tribals?", "text": "YAVATMAL: Information released under right to information (RTI) has revealed that the state government has paid Rs 2.83 crore to acquire land distributed to tribals and landless labourers under the Bhoodan movement to rehabilitate Pahur villagers displaced due to Bembla River Irrigation Project. Concerns are now being expressed that some government officials pocketed this compensation along with five land owners by forging documents and sale deeds.Sarpanch Ainuddin Solanki of Kurli village in Ghatanji tehsil has obtained documents like sale deeds, mutation certificates, power of attorney etc in the deal, which point to officials pocketing a large chunk of rehabilitation amount meant for PAPs.These documents show that the state government bought the land distributed to the tribals and landless labourers under the Bhoodan movement, though this land cannot be sold by the holders. The acquisition was on the pretext of rehabilitate residents of Pahur village in Babhulgaon tehsil affected by the multicrore Bembla river irrigation project. The government officials have, as per documents in possession with TOI, pocketed Rs 2.83 crore along with five land owners.Five sale deeds were registered on January 29, 2007, some of them even after office hours, between 6.20pm and 7.15pm. The then deputy collector and district rehabilitation officer (DRO) Ravindra Dhurjad, who is currently deputy collector for election at Amravati, had acted as the representative of the state government while the sale deeds were registered at the sub registrar II of Yavatmal.The land bearing gat no. 55, 56, 57, 58/2 and 58/3 in Moha village on Yavatmal - Dhamangaon state highway is marked in revenue land records in Bhogvattedar-2 category. They were distributed to tribals and landless labourers under the Madhya Pradesh Bhoodan Yagna Mandal. Under the Bhoodan Yojana, the beneficiaries had to cultivate the land and could not keep it as waste land. The law also does not allow them to execute any sale deed for the land.However, the then DRO Dhurjad flouted norms and entered into an agreement with the owners, executing a sale deed at the registrar's office. He also issued cheques of Rs 2.83 crore to the land owners for the deal. The sub-registrar also seems to have ignored the fact that no land under Bhoodan Yojana could be sold by the owners.\"It is a classic land scam to pocket government funds,\" Solanki said, adding that a thorough probe is required. He also demanded a check of the bank accounts of land owners to ascertain if they actually received the money or if it was shared with officials involved.He added that the document show some persons had received compensation despite having no rights over the property as per the mutation certificate (7/12) annexed with the sale deeds.Solanki has sent a representation to the chief minister through Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur, asking for a probe against all those involved in the misappropriation of money and fabrication of documents.The present district rehabilitation officer Rajendra Deshmukh admitted that there seem to be some irregularities in the documents, but said he would have to find out more details before commenting on the issue., namely, Manjuli Mokase, Vithal Holhar, Sakharam Yerke and the legal heirs, namely, Sumanbai Yerke of late Purushotam Yerke and 11 others for the cultivation of the land to win their daily bread", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "asansol/kolkata", "code": "12740431", "title": "India\u2019s first aero city project suffers due to Centre-Mamata spat", "text": "ASANSOL/KOLKATA: The off and on sparring between the Centre and West Bengal government was evident yet again when the Union government on Thursday threw a spanner in the works of the ongoing Rs 10,000 cr Bengal Aerotropolis Projects Ltd (BAPL), India's first aero city project, at Andal.The Union coal ministry sent its objections to the project in a letter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , saying it would block an A-grade coal reserve which would affect several states, said coal minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal . He was in Asansol to review the performance of Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL).\"The coal scenario has changed drastically over the past 10 years and India needs to produce more coal to meet the growing demand for power,\" Jaiswal told reporters.The Jharkhand government, too, said Jaiswal, is advised to withdraw its plan to set up a thermal power project upon a coal reserve, Jaiswal added. Incidentally, Jharkhand, a BJP-ruled state, is desperately in need of augmenting its electricity resources.\"We are surprised by the statement of the coal minister since both the activities were permitted earlier,\" a statement issued by Aerotropolis said.Bengal commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said the state government will reply to the coal ministry. Aerotropolis authority claimed that the coal ministry had earlier given the go ahead saying that the project and the underground mining could be carried out simultaneously.Coal India (CIL) had first raised such objection in September 2008. Later, the project site was realigned to release 150 acres of coal-bearing land. About the proposed site of Aerotropolis, CIL had said that a majority of the area demarcated for the project has huge coal reserve, and any permanent structure there would affect the future energy security of the country.CIL had estimated the coal reserve at 5,201 million tonne with a valuation of Rs 2.35 lakh crore. As of now, about 1,857 acres of land has been handed over after acquisition to BAPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "12740705", "title": "Mystery over journalist\u2019s death in Pakistan", "text": "KARACHI: Murtaza Razvi, a senior assistant editor and head of magazines at Dawn, was murdered in the early hours of Thursday, in Karachi.According to police, Razvi's body was found from an office apartment in the Defence Housing Authority area . His hands were tied and his body bore torture marks and he had apparently been strangled to death.The late journalist's family has said that he did not have any personal enmity with anyone. They have requested the media not to speculate until the police apprehend his killer(s).Razvi was one of the most highly-qualified journalists, with over two decades of experience. He had worked at a number of publications before joining the Dawn, where he also held the post of resident editor in Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12738250", "title": "Allahabad University hostlers create ruckus on the campus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hundreds of Allahabad University hostlers protested outside the vice-chancellor's office on Thursday. They were opposing the university decision to get the hostels vacated after the annual examinations.The protest began around 11.30am and continued for more than two hours. The students shouted slogans against university officials and asked them to revoke the eviction order. Some students also tried to create ruckus by breaking the earthen pots kept outside VC office and the window panes of the North Hall of the Senate House.The hostlers said vacating rooms after the annual exams will impact their preparations for competitive examinations like PCS (J), civil services, UGC NET, SSC which are scheduled to be hels in next two months.Chief proctor Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari tried to pacify the agitating students but the latter did not budge. \"When a student started arguing with me I asked for his I-card but he was not able to produce it. I warned them that only legitimate inmates of the hostels had the right to protest and put forth their demands but we will not tolerate indiscipline,\" said the chief proctor.The students insisted on meeting Dean Students Welfare to hand over a memorandum to him but the chief proctor categorically refused saying the students did not deserve the meeting given their rowdy behaviour. To this the agitated inmates started abusing the chief proctor. Later, they locked the main channel at the V-C office. However, after some time the chief proctor instructed the security personnel to break the lock and open the channel.Prof Mata Ambar said, \"Our students are free to put their demand but there is no place for politics on the campus, especially on this issue. AU has warned outsiders not to enter the campus, else strict action would be taken against them.\" Our stand remains the same that the inmates have to vacate their rooms within one week of the end of their exam, he added.It is after two that AU has planned the purge of hostels. The failure to crackdown on hostlers has resulted in huge financial loss to the university. The university has now swung into action and has directed all inmates to vacate their rooms within one week after the end of their exams. The hostel wardens and superintendents have been told to submit a report on the number of rooms vacated by the inmates every day. The hostlers, have threatened of another protest on Friday if their demand was not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738845", "title": "Government hospitals to begin pancreas transplants", "text": "CHENNAI: Government Stanley Medical College Hospital will soon start pancreas transplants to help diabetics with serious complications, doctors at the World Liver Day celebrations at the hospital said on Thursday.The hospital has done more than 30 liver transplants through the cadaver transplant programme in the last three years and 24 of the patients are leading a healthy life. \"We will send some of our doctors to big transplant centres for a few weeks to get trained in post-transplant management,\" said chief surgical gasteroentologist Dr Ravi Chandran, responding to a suggestion by health minister V S Vijay.Pancreas is the organ that is responsible for secretion of insulin. In patients with kidney failure caused due to insulin-dependent diabetes, doctors do a combined transplant of the kidney and pancreas to prevent recurrent kidney failure. \"Many such patients get cured of diabetes and kidney failure,\" he said. Worldwide, there is a near 100% survival rate, and a graft survival rate of 85% at three years.On January 28, 2009, Stanley Government Hospital did the first successful liver transplant with donations from the state cadaver registry programme. The liver of a brain dead patient in Government General Hospital was used to replace the organ of a patient with end-stage liver disease.Since then the hospital has performed 36 liver transplants free of cost. Some of the patients operated in the earlier days died as they did not get free supplies of immune suppressing drugs prescribed post-transplant to prevent the body from rejecting the new liver. \"In some cases we did not have the equipment to control internal bleeding. But now at least 24 other patients are healthy,\" said hospital dean S Geethalakshmi.The hospital is also working on an exclusive stem cell research centre to develop treatment plans for liver failure patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12738564", "title": "When the water purifying system itself needs cleaning", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district panchayat has decided to test the quality of the water being supplied to the people through Kerala Water Authority's reverse osmosis plants.District panchayat president Pratibha Hari said the decision had been taken following numerous complaints about the quality of water being supplied from the RO plants in the district. \"We will test the water with the help of the health wing,\" she said.\"The reverse osmosis plant has at its heart a membrane which only allows pure water to pass through. It rejects the dissolved solids the water contains.\"We have received complaints that the membranes of almost all the RO plants in the district are not functioning. So these plants now produce poor quality of water. We have hence decided to conduct a study to get a clear picture about the quality of the water being supplied through these plants,\" Pratibha said.Kerala Water Authority (Alappuzha) executive engineer H Jalaluddin said the authority had set up 15 RO plants in the district. The first plant was constructed in 2005. Each RO plant supplies 10,000 litres of potable water a day.\"We keep conducting monthly inspections to ensure the proper functioning of the RO plants. And we have not received any complaints in connection with the quality of the water being supplied from our plants so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12738628", "title": "Kudankulam to attain criticality in 2 months", "text": "MADURAI: The first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) can attain criticality and start generation in two months time if all goes well, S K Jain, chairman and managing director, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL), said on Thursday.Speaking to media persons, he said that NPCIL held a joint review meeting at Kudankulam with senior officials from Mumbai, Valery Limarenko, president of Atomstroyexport and Russian delegates on Wednesday in which the progress of the work on units one and two were reviewed.Jain said that work on re-commissioning of the work on the first unit had begun in full swing since March 19. The hot run of the unit had been done a few months ago, and a report of tests had been submitted to the atomic energy regulatory board (AERB) and the review is awaited. Once permission is obtained, the fine tuning of the equipment would be carried out. Before the interruption due to the protests, 95% of the required tests had been conducted. Some of the equipment that were not in operation had to be fine-tuned now, he added.\"The integrated core cooling tests is scheduled in about a week. The opening of the pressure vessel after obtaining clearance from AERB is the next step. Once this is done, the dummy fuel will be removed and the reactor cleaned and again submitted for inspection by the regulatory board. On the completion of this step, it will be the loading of the actual nuclear fuel when the plant will reach criticality. The box-up procedures of inspections of the monitoring and controlling units will follow the fuel loading process,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12741104", "title": "Man deserts HIV+ wife in city hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 22-year-old mother of a five-month-old girl was deserted by her husband in Capital Hospital here after she was detected HIV positive.The woman from Banapur area of Khurda district said she and her 28-year-old husband had undergone HIV test in the hospital on April 11. \"While he tested negative, I was found positive. He left me and our daughter in the hospital after that. He is not even attending to my phone calls,\" she said.The woman and her husband, who works as a wall painter in Bangalore, had come to the hospital because of their daughter's illness on April 10. The child had developed intermittent fever and lost weight.Doctors in Capital Hospital suggested an HIV test on her. The integrated counseling and testing centre (ICTC) in the hospital, however, advised the parents to undergo the test since the girl was too small. After the ICTC revealed the results, the man abandoned the mother and the daughter. The girl is recuperating in the pediatric ward while her mother is attending on her.\"I waited for two days but he did not turn up. I called up my mother and brother after that,\" she said. \"I am shocked because he is otherwise a dotting husband and took care of us very well.\"The woman's brother said when he and some relatives went to meet her husband, the man hurled abuses at them. When contacted over phone by TOI, the husband said, \"You must be knowing why I did this? I had to leave.\"Capital Hospital authorities described the development as a social problem. \"It is an unfortunate development. There is need for greater awareness so that people don't shy away from owning up a HIV+ kin,\" said hospital's deputy medical superintendent Dr S N Swain.Family sources said the woman after her delivery in Banapur hospital in November was referred to Khurda district headquarters hospital because of profuse bleeding. There she was transfused with two units of blood, which may be the source of her infection. \"We have raised the issue with the Khurda hospital authorities,\" said Pravasini Pradhan, president of Kalinga Network of Positive People, which works for the welfare of HIV+ persons. Volunteers working for HIV+ said the development is not very unusual as several women if tested positive were facing similar ostracism. \"In this case since the husband is negative and wife positive, the man has tried to escape the situation by shrinking his responsibilities,\" said Ambika Parida, a women's rights educator with Property Ownership and Legal Literacy (POLL), a project working for HIV+ people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12740774", "title": "Barkatullah Univeersity mulls new cafeteria on its premises", "text": "BHOPAL: As the personnel of Food and Drug administration raided the canteens in private colleges on Thursday, the TOI took stock of the situation in two universities of the city.Think twice before you eat anything inside the outlet of Barkatullah Univeersity. The Madhya Pradesh Bhoj Open Universitydoes not have a canteen.The situation in Barkatullah University is bad with the canteen allegedly serving \"unhygienic\" snacks and other food stuff.\"We are forced to eat in the canteen as there is no other alternative in the campus\", said a student Harish Shukla adding, \"The university seems to be waiting for outbreak of water borne diseases like the jaundice outbreak in MANIT..\"There are two canteens working in the Barktullah University and both do not adhere to the basic hygine. On the condition of anonymity, an employee of the university said several employees have been falling ill regularly after taking food from these canteens but nothing is being done to improve the situation.He wonders why the Bhopal Municipal Corporation officials have not yet inspected these canteens where so many students are dependent for tea and snacks.Surprisingly, guthka now banned in the state and cigarette are being sold in the canteen openly. \"Repeated complaints to the university authorities have not worked\", a student Rakshit Verma said.When contacted, vice-chancellor of Barkatullah University (BU) accepted that food being served in the canteen is not good for health. \"We will shut down the canteen soon.We are in the process of opening a cafeteria in the premises. We are negotiating with Indian Coffee House (ICH) which will sart its canteen in the premises,\" Prof Dubey said.Madhya Pradesh Bhoj Open University (MPBOU), another important educational centre in the heart of the city, went a step ahead by closing down the canteen. \"They had a separate place. I do not know the reason behind closing the canteen. In the absence of canteen in the premises, students are forced to eat from outside,\" a student Ankit Sharma said.Interestingly, most of the visitors in the Bhoj University are from other parts of the state. They face hardships in the absence of a canteen in the university premises.When contacted, vice-chancellor of Bhoj Open University, Prof SK Singh admitted that there is no canteen facility in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12738373", "title": "'Inspection of garbage disposal facilities in 8 weeks'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that it would conduct a fresh inspection of garbage disposal facilities within eight weeks of all the coastal village panchayats (VP)and municipalities in the state.The statement was made by advocate general (AG) Atmaram Nadkarni during the hearing of a suo motu petition, whereby the court has been regularly monitoring the issue of improving the garbage disposal system in the state.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre recorded the AG's statement and has told GSPCB to submit the inspection report on the next date of hearing.Amicus curiae Norma Alvares submitted to the court that the GSPCB should carry out a fresh inspection of the arrangements made by all the municipalities and coastal VPs for compliance with the court's interim orders.The court will hear the petition further on June 12.On July 30, 2003, the high court had issued several directions for disposal of garbage as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules, 2000.Thereafter, on October 3, 2007, the court had taken suo motu cognizance by issuing notices to 26 coastal VPs in the state for examining compliance to its earlier orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12741027", "title": "Historic District Library of Silchar in pathetic state", "text": "SILCHAR: Almost 50 years after its establishment in 1961, the District Library in Silchar lies in a dilapidated condition. Rainwater enters the building through the cracked roof and broken windows of the decrepit building, which is almost flooded during monsoons. The ASEB has cut off power supply in the library due to non-payment of tariff by the Assam government. The local municipality has also cut off water supply to the toilets for the same reason.The library does not subscribe to any periodicals including daily newspapers due to paucity of funds. Though the library has thousands of valuable books in different languages, they have not been maintained and no new books have been included in the library over the past two decades. All this has led to the library losing its loyal clientele.\"Since the District Library was established on the occasion of Rabindranath Tagore's birth centenary in 1961, we called on the Assam minister for cultural affairs Pranati Phukan during her recent visit to Silchar on the occasion of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrations last week. We asked her to reconstruct the library with air condition facilities, internet connectivity and uninterrupted supply of power in the reading room,\" the Cachar district president of Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Sanskriti Sammelon (BUBSSS), Taimur Raja Choudhury said.BUBSSS called upon the minister to take measures to provide regular supply of books, magazines, journals and audio-visual materials in Bengali, English, Assamese, Hindi and other languages, and keep the library updated. The organization also demanded that a permanent librarian is appointed immediately, which is at present being headed by a clerk.Choudhury said the people of Barak Valley are emotionally attached to the library and the auditorium adjacent to it as it was established on Tagore's birth centenary. \"But, we are sorry to state that the Bengali section of the library is in a dismal state with hardly any significant inclusion for over past two decades. While the state is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Tagore, it is disheartening to note that there is an absence of even the Kaviguru's books in the library. The old stock of Tagore's works is in a terrible condition and has not been replaced ever,\" he added.\"The venerable institute was at one time the haunt of bookworms. We, during out college and school days, used to visit the library's reading room regularly to go through the books and periodicals. Sometimes, we had to wait for long to get a table due to rush of readers. But today, very few people visit the library, which is situated at the heart of the city,\" said Milan Laskar, a cultural activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12739083", "title": "A culture of scientific agriculture", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old entrepreneur has used his knowledge of biotechnology and love of agriculture to start a profitable business for himself, and also change the life of banana and papaya farmers near Wardha.Sushant Bhusari from Arvi in Wardha district completed his MSc in biotechnology from Amravati University in 2008. He decided to continue in the family profession of agriculture, but with a difference. He planned to set up a project based on his biotechnology studies and settled on a tissue culture unit for fruit crops.After college, he decided to concentrate on banana and papaya crops. His unit became functional in 2010 with a capacity to grow 15 lakh plants annually. Today, his flourishing unit is close to breaking even. Almost all banana and papaya cultivators in Arvi, Achalpur, Selu, Paratwada, Narkhed tehsils and in Bhandara and Gondia districts buy plants from his unit, Krishi Mitra Biotech and Research Centre Pvt Ltd.\"Although my father did have a job, his primary interest was agriculture. He expected me too to continue in agriculture, so he once hinted that I should use my scientific knowledge for the benefit of farmers. I am proud that I could live up to his expectations,\" says Bhusari.But Bhusari's dream unit required a huge investment of around Rs 70 lakh. Luckily for Bhusari, Dr Govind Chandak from the same town came forward to bail him out by offering to create a partnership firm. \"What else could I ask for? He offered to give his residential building for the tissue culture unit, and an adjoining plot for a green house. Today this is used for hardening of the plants and producing the papaya seedlings. At present, I am only growing banana as a tissue culture product and preparing papaya seedlings in green house. Gradually, I will introduce papaya too as a tissue culture product,\" he said.Bhusari says he could never have made it so big so early had it been not for the support from his father, elder brother Amit and of course Dr Chandak, who invested the money in the unit. His father Narayan Bhusari has spared two acre of his land for a green house where they grow the mother plant of the banana Grandnine (G-9) variety, which is successful as a crop in Vidarbha. Amit, a management graduate, helps in marketing and other business processes involved in the industry.\"I have to be here for almost the entire day, to supervise the process of tissue culture preparation. Whole set of plants can get spoiled if there is any infection. Although I do not have qualified biotechnology experts for the purpose, I have trained local girls and boys. They have now mastered the procedure. It gives great satisfaction that I could provide jobs to people of my village. I also get my product indexed for the banana mosaic virus from Agarkar Research Institute, Pune, to ensure disease-free material,\" said Bhusari with a sense of pride.The tissue culture process has many benefits over conventional plantation. Crop duration is reduced by six months. Productivity has increased from 15-18kg per plant to 40kg per plant. Also, banana is no longer a seasonal crop. It can now be grown round the year with some protective measures during extreme hot and cold weather conditions. Some 1,500 plants can be grown on an acre, which means crop production reaches about 60 tons per acre.\"If the price is assumed to be a minimum of Rs 5,000 per ton, the farmer can get Rs 3 lakh per acre, of which almost three-fourth is profit. The government is also promoting horticulture and so a banana farmer can avail a subsidy of Rs 50,000 per hectare if he is growing tissue culture plants,\" says Bhusari.He admits that starting the business without any experience did involve some risk. But he had the grit and the scientific attitude required for the industry. \"Also, the optimistic attitude helped. I am now planning expansion of the unit and shifting to export while catering to the domestic market,\" he said.\"With growing age one loses confidence. At my age, I am able to do both research and production. I have published seven research papers. I have offers from developed countries for collaboration and export opportunities. Experts from Geneva University in Switzerland and a German firm have already visited my unit. I only have to learn and procure the quarantine procedure and equipment,\" says Bhusari.Besides Bhusari, GR Fuke, a 60-year-old physics teacher at Pusad Science College, is the only other person to run a banana and papaya tissue culture unit in the private sector in Vidarbha. Named after former Maharashtra chief minister Vasantrao Naik, Fuke's firm Vasant Biotech in Pusad caters mainly to farmers from Marathwada. Started in 2003, his unit also has a capacity of 15 lakh plants and is doing well.\"My customers are farmers from Nanded, Parbhani, Jalgaon. Some farmers from Amravati and Buldhana districts too buy from me sometimes,\" said Fuke. However, with no one to help with the marketing, he says it is difficult to reach out to more farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739197", "title": "Borrow from alumni, pay back IIM-A in multiples", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has found an innovative way to get funds from its alumni on a perpetual basis.The institute's alumni from the batch of 1969 has taken an initiative to provide financial assistance of Rs 2 lakh each to five economically, socially and physically challenged first year students, every year.In a first, the alumni expect the beneficiary students to pay back the amount in multiples to IIM-A within seven years of graduating, based on their career growth to enable the batch to carry out this gesture on perpetual basis.The new scheme is under implementation. This is probably the first time that an institute will ask the beneficiary students to pay back to its alma mater, that too in multiples.Nayan Parikh, president, IIM-A Alumni Association, Ahmedabad chapter, said, \"Various alumni come up with different ideas to contribute to the institute. As an alumni body, we work with the institute to increase the number of options available to them to get funds from the alumni. Pure vanilla options do not work all the time. This is a kind of loan from the alumni to the current students, who will then repay it to the institute with interest.\"The institute has also decided to bring a change in its policy of offering alumni status to various programme participants, with effect from April 2012. According to the latest edition of IIM-A Alumnus magazine, the new policy will classify students as per the programme attended.Currently, any student - from a three-week programme to a two-year programme - is eligible to be called an alumnus of the institute. The revised policy allows only the graduating students from long-duration academic programmes, namely, the post-graduate programmes and the fellow programme in management, to be eligible to be called 'alumni' of IIM-A.All the participants of other short- and medium-duration programmes will be given the status as per the programmes. For instance, a student attending a three-week management development programme (MDP) will be called an MDP alumni or a student graduating from the one-year armed forces programme will be called AFP alumni.\"Outsiders generally find it difficult to interpret if informed that someone is an alumnus of IIM-A. In order to facilitate this, the institute is discussing a change in policy for more clarity. While the students from core courses of IIM-A are likely to be called alumni, other alumni may be classified with a prefix of the name of the programme,\" Parikh explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743248", "title": "Rati Pandey-Anas Rashid real life Diya and Baati?", "text": "Rumours are rife with a romance brewing between television actors Rati Pandey and Anas Rashid. Pandey who plays Hitler Didi in the hit show of the same name has been linked to television actor Anas Rashid of Diya and Baati fame aired on Star Plus.According to sources, Rashid believes that it is Rati's huge fan following that has caused people to link the two romantically. This famous TV actor has struggled hard to make it big on the small screen and he gives due credit to the ultimate TV mogul, Ekta Kapoor.Rashid believes career comes first over even love.Is this a good disguise to fool audiences? Is there nothing to his and Pandey's six years of friendship or are they just playing the same old game of being just 'good friends'? Pandey who lives in the same building as Rashid rubbishes gossip mills and believes that being linked to stars from the same fraternity is nothing new for her.On a second thought, are television stars more discreet about their personal relationships in comparison to their Bollywood counterparts? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738801", "title": "India cricketing prospect hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Twenty-year-old leg-spinner Ishan Sathe, who had impressed Sachin Tendulkar and Gautam Gambhir and was touted to be a good bet to play for India soon, allegedly committed suicide on Wednesday night after an argument with a girl who broke up with him recently. The body of the final year BCom student was found hanging from the ceiling fan by his uncle Sharad Sathe on Thursday morning. Ishan had appeared for his exam on Wednesday afternoon and his final paper was scheduled for April 23.Ishan was among the probables of the ICC Under-19 World Cup in New Zealand two years ago and narrowly missed the berth in the final squad. \"Sachin was very impressed with him,\" said Subroto Bannerjee, the former India fast bowler and currently Vidarbha's bowling coach. \"He told me 'this boy is full of talent and could go the distance'.\"The extended Sathe family resided in a three-storey bungalow in New Ramdaspeth. While Ishan's two uncles stayed on the first two floors, Ishan occupied the third floor. His parents live in Borgaon, 65 kms from Nagpur, where his father Subodh Sathe works in a well-known garment factory. His mother is a homemaker. Ishan's younger sister Aishwarya is studying in Nashik. Relatives informed TOI that Subodh had come to visit his son on Tuesday.Ishan's close friends informed TOI that he appeared quite depressed on Wednesday night and also spoke about ending his life. They added that before the telephonic argument with the girl, she had come to his house where they had a huge tiff.On Thursday morning, Ishan did not respond to calls from his friends. A caretaker from the neighbouring bungalow, who had reportedly heard loud arguments coming from Ishan's house late in the evening and had observed that the lights remained switched on throughout the night, was the first to inform the friends on something being amiss. A few of them went to his house and informed Sharad who opened Ishan's main door which was not locked. The bedroom door too was open. The group was shocked to find his body hanging from the fan.\"No suicide note was found from the room. We have seized his cell phone but it is 'locked'. We are taking the help of the cyber cell to 'unlock' it so that we can trace the last calls and messages and proceed with the investigations,\" said PSI SD Choudhary from Sitabuldi police station. A case of accidental death has been registered.Till 10.30pm, he was with friends at his residence. While they were there, the girl in question had come to meet Ishan. \"She shouted and insulted him. Already heartbroken, it depressed Ishan further,\" a friend said.The friend added that till last year Ishan was in a relationship with this girl who came from a well-to-do family. \"Since the time she broke up with him last year, Ishan was very upset and dejected. Also, from the last one year his performances too had dipped and he was struggling a lot with his game,\" he said.Most of his friends left early while one remained with Ishan till 10.30pm. \"We studied for an hour. He was talking about committing suicide by either hanging or consuming poison. I thought he might be serious and hence decided not to go home, but he forced me to go. He said that he was only joking and assured that he will not take any drastic steps. Then he came to drop me home,\" the friend told police.Later in the night, Ishan texted another friend: \"Bhai pls call me, I'm in trouble.\" However, the friend assumed that Ishan was playing a prank and did not respond.Ishan's friends described him as a simple and good natured boy who never got involved in any argument or fight. At the age of 15, he got selected in the Vidarbha junior cricket team. He went on to play in the under-19 category too. Ishan's last rites will be performed on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738651", "title": "Central Railway demolishes Goa Colony encroachments", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major offensive, the Nagpur division of Central Railway removed over 500 encroachments on its land in infamous Goa Colony off Kamptee Road.On Wednesday, around 200 kuccha and pucca structures were demolished. Continuing the drive on Thursday, another 300 structures were removed, said P D Patil, public relations officer (PRO), Central Railway.This was the second major offensive after May 2008, when over 450 structures were demolished amid stiff opposition from encroachers. However, failure on the part of Central Railway to fence the vacated land four years ago, led to fresh encroachments.Patil said although such an idea can be thought off, there are no such plans as of now. He claimed the encroachments were removed peacefully amid non-violence.On the contrary, former corporator of the area Rajesh Mate said on Wednesday there was tension in the area after the squad demolished a platform of Buddha's statue. But due to heavy police bandobast people could not vent their ire on the officials.\"I've called a meeting of affected persons on Thursday evening and will work out on a plan to resettle them near Hazari Pahad. I've been providing them food all round the day,\" Mate said.Whereas officials say knowing it well that it was railway land the encroachers should not have settled there. The encroachments were so strong that the railway boundary marked with an iron gate was buried in the cement road constructed in the area.According to shopkeepers, the Goa Colony was a safe haven for antisocial elements who committed crimes like shop and housebreakings and were also involved in stealing railway material.Patil said, \"Displacing people is not our aim but we can't help as we need to clear the railway land of encroachments.\"What's in Goa Colony?How the encroached colony came to be called as Goa Colony no one knows? It has no connection with Goa otherwise. According to ex-corporator Rajesh Mate, the encroachments were there for a long time. The old generation named the area as Goa Colony because it was situated along the banks of Chamar Nala. When the colony was demolished in 2008, the encroachers settled down on private land in 'Shiv Krishna Dham' off Koradi Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739379", "title": "Body in nursery: Teen killed by florist friend in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The boy whose burning body was found inside a nursery near Khan Market on Tuesday was murdered by a florist friend who resented being bullied and beaten up by him, police said on Thursday. Joint commissioner of police Taj Hassan said enmity was the reason for the murder.Announcing the arrest of the 21-year-old florist, Neeraj, police alleged he had strangled Atul, 15, inside Kamal Nursery on April 11, and tried to burn the decomposing body on Tuesday, worried about the stench arising from it.Although Atul used to hang out with Neeraj, he sometimes beat up the older florist. Neeraj told police he plotted to kill Atul after the boy recently beat him up for money that he did not possess.A drunk Neeraj had reportedly bluffed before Atul that he possessed Rs 5 lakh. The boy demanded the money but since the florist refused to give him any, he beat him up. \"Atul was his friend, but he often bullied him,\" said Taj Hassan. Another officer said Atul had taken away Neeraj's mobile phone and refused to return it. The two had also fought on Holi.Police said Neeraj convinced Atul to accompany him inside Kamal Nursery on April 11 to drink liquor. \"Once inside, Neeraj held Atul from behind and strangled him with a plastic cord,\" said an officer.Neeraj quickly left the nursery and returned to his flower shop, where he continued working normally. However, once the decomposing corpse started stinking, Neeraj became worried and decided to do destroy the evidence. \"On Tuesday, he bought around seven litres of petrol for Rs 550 and went back to the nursery. He doused the body in petrol, set it on fire, and came out unnoticed.\"Seeing smoke rising from the nursery, constable Vinod of Tughlak Road police station entered the premises and found the body, and a case of murder was registered. Police spent the next 24 hours trying to identify the body but could not do so till late on Wednesday.Atul's parents, who had reported their son missing , heard the body's description and his mother finally identified it by the slippers found on the crime spot. Once the victim's identity was established, police started questioning Atul's friends. They also used the CCTV footage of the Khan Market area and found that Atul was last accompanied by Neeraj. The florist confessed during questioning.Police said Atul had quit school after completing class 9 and had got mixed up with bad elements in the area. \"These boys often used to hang around together and fought over their supremacy in the area,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12740416", "title": "Being yourself at work is not good for your career: Study", "text": "LONDON: It's often said that honesty is the best policy. But, being yourself at work may not be a good idea if you want to further your career, scientists say. Researchers at the University of Greenwich in London found that people who show their \"true shelves\" at workplace tend to be less happy than those who \"lie\".While revealing your true character to friends is likely to make you happier, doing so at the office is not a recipe for promotion, they said.Lead study researcher Oliver Robinson said, \"You hear self-help gurus say that the secret of happiness is 'being yourself ' or 'expressing your true feelings', but that doesn't apply in the workplace.\"\"So in some circumstances, it may be that a polite smile or tactfully keeping quiet may be more conducive to your well-being than saying what you actually think and feel to work colleagues,\" he said.The team assessed levels of \"authentic self expression\" in more than 500 volunteers to see how far they opened up to people they interacted with.The results showed people were more likely to \"be themselves\" with partners, followed by friends and then parents. They were much less likely to show their true self to work colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12740702", "title": "Pakistan raises force to protect its nukes", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has raised a 20,000 strong force to provide foolproof security to its nuclear weapons and strategic assets, the military said on Thursday.A batch of 900 soldiers of the new 'Security Force' of the Strategic Plans Division (SPD), which is responsible for managing the country's nuclear arsenal, graduated from the Baloch and frontier force regimental centres in Abbotabad on Thursday, the military said in a statement.\"With the induction of these newly trained soldiers, the strength of the SPD Security Force touches a figure of 20,000,\" the statement said.The Security Force has been raised against the backdrop of concerns expressed by politicians about Pakistan's nuclear arsenal being targeted by the US in order to prevent it from falling into the hands of extremists.The statement said the SPD had undertaken a \"comprehensive plan to significantly augment the capacity of its Security Force to ensure foolproof security of strategic assets\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12739225", "title": "Manchesters to weave history", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a time when Ahmedabad with its booming textiles mills was called the Manchester of the East. However, with time, both Ahmedabad and Manchester in England lost their identities, their mills. But today, after 80 years, textile craftsmen of both these cities have come together to revive as well as stir some memories of their craft and indulge in dialogues covering a wide gamut of socio-economic and textile culture and art of the two cities. The project is called 'The Cotton Exchange.'As a tribute to the two cities, craftsmen from Ahmedabad and Kutch and artists specializing in Mata ni Pachedi will weave and paint a quilt that will be a replica of the famous photograph of Mahatma Gandhi meeting weavers from Greenfield Mill during his visit to Lancashire in 1931 during the second round table conference. Gandhiji was invited by the mill-owning Davies family. The mill workers had wanted Gandhiji to see for himself the hardship being suffered by the East Lancashire textile industry, which had been decimated by the Indian independence movement's boycott of British goods. Gandhi's sympathies were with the weavers, not the textile manufacturers. Gandhiji said: \"They (mill workers) treated me as one of their own. I shall never forget that.\"The quilt will be a collage of different Gujarati hand-woven textile craft forms. The quilt will be put on permanent display at the Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery in greater Manchester. The project is being jointly undertaken by the UK based \"A Thin Line' and Arts Revere in Ahmedabad.The cotton exchange project is on for the last six months and 15 textile craftsmen from Manchester were already here for two weeks for an exchange programme. Eight craftsmen from Gujarat will leave for Manchester in the coming month.\"In the UK, especially in textiles, the contemporary craft practice does not have a long lineage. Craftsmen are not aware of their past. The 'cotton exchange' project will help Manchester-based textile craftsmen understand their past and its origins as many of its previous forms are alive in Ahmedabad,\" said Barney Hare Duke, co-director of the UK based 'A Fine Line'.\"The cotton exchange project is based on the philosophy that heritage cannot be preserved and frozen in time. It has to be continuous and adapt to contemporary times,\" says Duke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12738468", "title": "Fire personnel salvage house in Siolim", "text": "MAPUSA: A house at Bamon Vaddo in Siolim belonging to Rita Maria Fernandes caught fire on Wednesday night. Two bedrooms with cupboards, refrigerators, televisions, some gold ornaments and other items were destroyed, said Fernandes. The fire department has estimated the loss to be around 5 lakh. Officials claim to have saved property worth 15 lakh.Officials said they received a call at 9.04pm that a fire had broken out in Bamon Vaddo in Siolim and they immediately rushed to the site. The members of the house noticed smoke coming out of a bedroom and managed to escape as soon as the house caught fire.Family members said the fire first broke out in the bedroom-cum-store room and spread to another bedroom. Firemen extinguished the blaze within two hours and prevented the fire from spreading to the entire house. The house is large with nine rooms and the fire fighting personnel succeeded in taming the flames that spread to two rooms.Though the exact cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, the family claims that a short circuit could be a possibility. Three fire tenders, two from Mapusa and one from Pernem, were used to douse the flames. One fire tender from the Pilerne fire station was kept as standby. Fire and emergency staff from Mapusa, Pernem and Pilerne fire station under the supervision of Mapusa fire station in-charge Dattaram Redkar and sub-officer Subhash Shirodar were engaged in the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12740211", "title": "Polygraph test on accused gets nod", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge Sadhana Shinde on Thursday granted permission to the Central Bureau of Investigation to conduct polygraph test on the accused, witnesses and the suspects in the murder case of RTI activist Satish Shetty.The judge also granted permission to the CBI to record confessional statements of witnesses and interrogate three suspects at the Yerawada central jail.The polygraph test is conducted to measure physiological responses in human beings during interrogation to determine if their answers are true.The court passed the orders on three pleas filed by CBI additional superintendent of police Sushil Prasad Singh and inspector Anjir Jadhav.Shetty, who invoked the RTI Act for unearthing land scams in the district, was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The rural police had filed a chargesheet against criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade.Another suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged from the murder case under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The CBI had taken over the probe following an order from the Bombay high court.Special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan prayed for permission to the CBI for conducting polygraph test on four accused (Dabhade, Waghmare, Shelar and Rathod), three witnesses (Pradip Bhalerao, Hanumanta Kalokhe, Umesh Phuge) and six suspects (Kishore Aware, Kishore Bhegade, Bapu Bhegade, Jayant Dangre, Sagar Khollam and Sunil Jadhav).The CBI had secured the presence of the accused, witnesses and the suspects before the court when their plea for seeking permission to conduct polygraph test came up for hearing. The court granted permission for conducting the test after recording 'no objection' of the concerned persons.The public prosecutor submitted a list of 11 witnesses (Dinesh Shetty, Mahesh Shetty, Sunil Jadhav, Santosh Patole, Dhananjay Dabhade, Chandrakant Dabhade, Kishore Bhegade, Arun Mane, Sandip Garade, Ganesh Khandage and Sunil Bansode) and sought permission for recording their confessional statements under section 164 (5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).The prosecution also sought permission to interrogate Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod, Shyam Dabhade and Somnath Shankar Dhotre, a criminal on police record, who are currently imprisoned at the Yerawada central prison. Pathan submitted that Dhotre had escaped from judicial custody and had surrendered after the RTI activist was killed. He prayed to grant permission to interrogate Dhotre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12739269", "title": "Free ride for Faridabad road users to continue", "text": "GURGAON: Commuters can enjoy free ride on Gurgaon-Faridabad road for a few more days. Toll collection on this stretch was supposed to start by mid-April, but an independent engineer is still preparing a list of pending works.\"The independent engineer will soon come out with the list and then we will notify the toll charges. People can use the road without paying toll until the notification is out,\" said Mahesh Kumar, engineer-in-chief of Haryana Public Works Department (PWD).As per the norms, once the list is out, the developer will get certain time to complete the pending works. Kumar also said that the toll rates would be in round figure and there would be no toll charge such as Rs 22.5 for any category of vehicle. \"This is an ideal practice. If the toll calculation is Rs 22.5, it will be Rs 22 and if the calculation is more than 50 paisa, then it could be Rs 23,\" he said. Toll charges are fixed and revised taking into account the change in whole sale price index (WPI).As of now, the proposed toll charge for cars on this approximately 25-kilometer stretch is Rs 15 per trip. The user fee will be higher in case of other category of vehicles. The widening of the state highway was awarded by the state PWD to Reliance Infrastructure on build, operate and transfer (BOT-toll) model.The improved corridor that connects two NCR cities has also improved the access to IGI airport from Faridabad. The travel time has been reduced by at least 60% helping in about 40% savings of fuel cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12731636", "title": "No trouble between Dutt and me: RGV", "text": "Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma is fuming over news reports that claim that not all's well between him and actor Sanjay Dutt. Apparently, it was reported that Dutt had a problem with the climax scene of his forthcoming film Department.It is being said that Dutt is unhappy with the original climax scene of Department, and wishes that Ram Gopal Varma's assistant re-shoots it. And this is what might cause the film to be delayed. Busy completing post production work, RGV denies these reports. He said, \"There's no trouble between Sanjay Dutt and me. And there is no delay in the release date either. Department will release as scheduled on May 18th.\"It can be recalled that Sanjay Dutt and Ram Gopal Varma have worked together in Daud previously. Department will be their second movie together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "12743986", "title": "Alcohol consumption three times higher among youngsters watching Bollywood movies: Study", "text": "DELHI: Bollywood has now been blamed for fuelling India's love for alcohol. Alcohol use in Bollywood movies is directly influencing the drinking habits of India's adolescents, according to a new study presented on Friday at the World Congress of Cardiology in Dubai .Overall 10% of the students (aged between 12-16 years) surveyed in the study had already tried alcohol. But students that had been most exposed to alcohol use in Bollywood movies were found to be 2.78 times more likely to have tried alcohol as compared with those who were least exposed.Even when adjustments were made for demographic variables, social influences and characteristics of child and parenting, students were found to be 1.49 times more likely to have tried alcohol if they had been highly exposed to alcohol use in Bollywood films as compared to those who were least exposed.\"These results show that exposure to alcohol use depictions in Bollywood films is directly associated with alcohol use among young people in India,\" said Dr GP Nazar from Health Related Information Dissemination Against Youth (HIRDAY).\"While alcohol advertising is banned in all Indian media and scenes that justify or glorify drinking are not allowed in Bollywood films, there is no dedicated health legislation that prohibits the depiction of alcohol in these films and there is a clear need for an immediate alcohol control policy,\" he added.The study set out to determine two things - firstly if India's adolescents were exposed to alcohol use in Bollywood films and secondly if this exposure was associated with their own alcohol use.Fifty-nine popular Bollywood movies were coded to record the number of alcohol use occurrences and 3,956 adolescents were then asked if they had seen these movies. Students were grouped according to their exposure to alcohol use occurrences in these movies. They were then asked about their alcohol consumption status. Students in the fourth quartile - i.e. the quarter than had seen the greatest number of alcohol use occurrences in these movies - were found to be 2.78 times more likely to have tried alcohol compared with those students in the first quartile of exposure.Doctors say drinking too much alcohol increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD).It can raise blood pressure, increase the presence of some fats in the blood stream, and increase calorie intake, which in turn leads to overweight and obesity. One of the key characteristics of the hazardous pattern of drinking is the presence of heavy drinking occasions, defined as consumption of 60 or more grams of pure alcohol per day.Hazardous and harmful drinking results in 2.5 million deaths, each year, globally, of these 14 per cent are due to CVD and diabetes. High levels of alcohol consumption and binge drinking are associated with increased risk of CVD and harmful use of alcohol damages the heart muscle, increases the risk of stroke and promotes cardiac arrhythmia.A WHO study recently said families with frequent drinking husbands in New Delhi spend 24% of family income on alcohol, compared to 2% in other families.The WHO's first global report on the burden and impact of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) said alcohol is often a significant part of family expenditure.Excessive drinking caused 2.5 million deaths worldwide in 2004 -- 3.8% of all deaths in the world. More than half of these deaths occurred as a result of NCDs, including cancers, cardiovascular disease and liver cirrhosis.\"National averages conceal the impact on families of drinkers. The harmful use of alcohol is a major risk factor for premature deaths and disabilities in the world,\" the report said.India was among the first countries in the world to raise an alarm against alcohol. However, since then, it has not been able to put in place an effective anti-alcohol policy.In 2007, the ministry had called for strict control over alcohol sale in India, including banning of scenes in movies which show consumption of alcohol. It had also prepared a draft national alcohol policy, but it never saw the light of day.On being asked what happened to India's much touted policy against alcohol, a health ministry official said, \"It's not a priority for us anymore. The ministry of social justice is working on developing a national alcohol policy.\"Meanwhile, the average age of alcohol consumption in India has been constantly falling by nearly nine years over the past decade. At present, at an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Soon, experts say it will reduce to 15 years.Nearly 62.5 million people in India drink alcohol with the per capita consumption being around four litres per adult per year. For every six men, one woman drinks alcohol in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12740945", "title": "UT, schools stand-off on, no go for RTE", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is unlikely to be compliance to the RTE Act in a majority of private schools this year as the UT education department and Independent Schools' Association ( ISA) fight a fierce blame game.In reply to a clarification sought by the education department on why seats meant for the economically weaker sections (EWS) were converted to general category ones, schools on Thursday claimed that the UT had failed in its duties by not resolving issues like reimbursements and child mapping.Out of the 260 EWS seats that were left vacant in unaided private schools after March 27 only 10 % seats have been filled and the rest 90% have been converted to general ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12740610", "title": "Jalandhar factory collapse toll rises to 18", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as the death toll in the Jalandhar building collapse rose to 18 on Thursday, rescuers of Army and NDRF could not find any further sign of life since the intervening night of Wednesday and Thursday when they pulled out a 25- year-old labourer.Army and NDRF officials said their teams had searched large portions of the collapsed building and after finding no survivors, the teams are now concentrating on removing debris with big machines. However, rescuers are still taking care during the removal of the rubble in the hope that they may find someone still alive under the mangled concrete. The death toll is feared to rise higher. Nearly 120 people were present on the premises on the night of the incident. So far, the authorities have accounted for only 80 persons, including 62 rescuers.The decision to use heavy machinery into clearing the debris was taken in the evening after the NDRF and Army men did extensive search of various floors of the building. While nine vertical entries were made, these were also connected with each other and rescuers used sensitive cameras, victim location censors and loud speakers to detect any signs of life in the areas around these horizontal passages.Colonel Simerjeet Singh, who is heading the team of Army's rescuers, said that they had cleared large areas and even now debris were being cleared by the machines. \"We are still keeping an eye to detect any signs of life,\" he said. \"While some bodies are visible, at places there is sharp stink though no bodies can be seen,\" he said.Commandant R K Verma of NDRF said that they had searched around 70-80 percent of the rubble to find survivors. \"We spotted some bodies but no life but we shall keep an eye till the last part of rubble is removed,\" he said.Piara Singh, who was working as supervisor in the factory and has been helping the rescuers since day one, said that 120 persons were present in the night shift. Piara had himself come out of the building just five minutes before the tragedy and was paying obeisance at a temple opposite the factory when it collapsed. He had lost his daughter just 15 days back but now feels his personal trauma dwarfed before the magnitude of the tragedy. He said neither had he slept well nor had he taken a bath for the last four days.Factory owner in police custody till April 23Shital Vij was remanded to police custody till April 23. On Thursday, Hindu Sants, members of Devi Talab Mandir Committee and leaders of various religious organizations turned up at the court complex when he was produced for further remand. However, police officials stopped mediapersons along with Vij's supporters from entering the court room. Earlier, police had kept the doors of Barandari police station, where Vij was being kept, closed to all outsiders, including the media.Police sought Vij's remand for a week on grounds that they were yet to recover the attendance register which was crucial for investigation about identity of the victims and their total number. The police also said that they were yet to get details of the contractor and other documents related to construction of building so that lapses could be detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12738583", "title": "Major reforms unlikely before 2014 polls, says chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu", "text": "WASHINGTON: Major economic reforms in India would hit a roadblock and are unlikely to happen before the next parliamentary elections slated for 2014, chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu has said.Addressing a meeting at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on Wednesday, an eminent Washington-based thinktank, Basu said that relatively less important bills might go through Parliament.After 2014, he said, \"you would see a rush of important reforms\" and after 2015 India would be one of the \"fastest growing\" economies of the world. The new government, if in a majority, would start with the reforms in a big way because there is a sense that it needs to pick up, Basu added.At the same time, he said, there were some reforms that needed to go into fast gear and identified opening up of the retail sector as one key reform in waiting. India, he said, also needed to address the issue of massive subsidy leakage and that of poor infrastructure.After the elections, the government of the day would take reforms on fast track and there would be a flurry of reforms, Basu said in his address.Kaushik Basu said there is a slowdown in decision making. The unearthing of a series of corruption and scams, he argued, is having its own impact on the psyche of the bureaucracy, that is not willing to take risks.Basu is in Washington to attend the Annual Spring meeting of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank. He was addressing concerns expressed by US corporates on some recent decisions of the Indian government and its reluctance to initiate the series of next phase of reforms.Reforms, he said, have also slowed down because of the coalition government.Another reason for the slowdown is the battle against inflation and drop in agricultural production.India, Basu said, acted on both the fiscal and monetary policy. Finally, India too is impacted by the global economic slowdown.\"We are going through a difficult year,\" Basu, who is accompanying finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to the IMF-World Bank meet, said, adding that India is trying to go back to fiscal consolidation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12738827", "title": "Prepaid autos from airport, station and bus stand soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Regional Transport Office (RTO) and traffic police have decided to jointly start prepaid autorickshaw counters at airport, main and Ajni railway stations, and MSRTC bus-stands at Ganeshpeth and Mor Bhavan. At railway station the booths will be at both the gates.This decision was taken in a meeting of RTO, traffic police and auto unions, with railways, MSRTC and Mihan India Limited officials (MIL) officials. At Nagpur railway station, the pre-paid stand will likely begin from May 1. City RTO, Sarjerao Shelke and DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade claimed that railway authorities will be giving no-objection certificate for pre-paid booths on Friday and booths may get going in about a week's time.Shelke said, \"Regional Transport Authority (RTA) has fixed the fare slabs for every destination in consultation with auto unions and traffic department officials. The terms of agreement for prepaid auto service are also ready. We are just waiting for green signal from railway authorities about installation of booths inside their premises\".The air passengers who do not have own transport will get a major relief as travelling to and from the city airport by cool cab or taxi is still an expensive affair. Despite presence of a 'prepaid taxi service', not authorized by RTO or the traffic police, passengers are forced to pay exorbitant fares to cool cabs and private taxi operators.Shelke said airport authorities had green-signalled a pre-paid booth at airport. As per the RTO guidelines, taxi owners will have to charge Rs 16.25 for the first kilometre and Rs 9.25 for each subsequent kilometre. Similarly, autorickshaws will have to charge Rs 11 for the first kilometre and Rs 8 for every subsequent kilometer for every destination. The auto fares will be revised after the one-member committee appointed for the puposes submits its report by July 13, Shelke added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12742655", "title": "More legal woes for Zanjeer remake", "text": "Javed Akhtar and Salim Khan, the writer duo of the original Zanjeer had been rather miffed with Amit Mehra, who with nothing more than their 'blessings' had gone ahead and started shooting the remake.We had told you how, Akhtar had even sought legal help regarding the issue. And now, the veteran writers have jointly sent a legal notice to Mehra claiming royalties for the script that they had p e n n e d d e c a d e s back.J a v e d Akhtar, who had been on the committee that reviewed the latest Copyright Amendment Bill of 2011, has been the first one to stand up for the rights that the Act ensures. The Bill upholds the Rights of an author in an entire product such as films. And though Amit Mehra, son of producer Prakash Mehra may have the rights of the film, sharing royalties with the scriptwriters becomes essential.When contacted, Akhtar told Mumbai Mirror, \"We have hired a well-known Delhi based legal firm, Luthra &amp; Luthra. We have also sent a notice to Amit Mehra. We have asked him to start a negotiation. He had earlier met us thrice and every time avoided discussing royalties.\"Mehra's public announcement about gathering Salim-Javed's blessings for free too seems to have bothered the writer. \"And now, he has gone ahead and started shooting for the film. We have sent him a legal notice yesterday,\" said Akhtar and added, \"Salim Khan and I are on the same page regarding the matter. Solicitor Ameet Datta is representing us jointly. In a few days we will hold a press conference to discuss the issue with everyone.\"\"Maintaining legal control of your work is critical and this is what the Copyright Act intends. The simple thing that one has to understand is that when the screenplay was written - it was for being developed into a particular film. While the producer does retain the overall rights for the product - which is the film, one cannot deny that the creative rights of the screenplay writer cannot be ignored,\" said solicitor Ameet Datta of Luthra &amp; Luthra, Law Offices, Delhi, which is handling the case of Salim- Javed.Explaining the need for consent of the authors for using the screenplay for a film remake is besides the point, Datta said that across the world such norms are followed. \"It is unfortunate that the film industry in India has ignored the same and for long. But in our opinion it is a fit case that the duo is contesting for one of their most popular screenplays.They are right in saying that not only their consent should be taken for remaking a film based on their screenplay as apart from. Copyright ownership, the authors also retained moral rights on the screenplay, but they should also be consulted on their royalties, which otherwise if their creative rights were protected-would anyway come to them,\" added Datta.When contacted, Amit Mehra refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12739195", "title": "\u2018Compensation plan will hit growth\u2019", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A proposal floated by the state government to hike compensation for farmers to six times of the prevalent circle rates has not gone down well with Greater Noida Authority and Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA).The state government had recently invited recommendations and suggestions from various developmental authorities on the proposal, which is a part of the SP's pre-poll manifesto. Developmental authorities in Gautam Budh Nagar have opposed the idea on the grounds that a six-fold hike in compensation would push up land prices and stunt the growth of industries and educational institutes in the region.\"By virtue of being an industrial development authority, we provide land at concessional rates for setting up of industrial units,\" said an official of Greater Noida Authority. \"Land prices would surge if compensation is hiked to six times the prevalent circle rate. This would nullify our primary initiative of low land prices which we offer to the industrial sector. Industries would flee to affordable destinations in neighbouring states like Gujarat,\" said the official.In addition, the authorities feel that increased land costs would have a negative impact on the setting up of educational institutes and research-oriented organizations in the district. \"In the last few years, Gautam Budh Nagar has witnessed the mushrooming of educational institutes because land was made available to them at cheap rates. High land prices will not be affordable,\" said the official.Developmental authorities have to send their observations on the effects of implementing this proposal to the state government, following which it will decide on an adequate rate of compensation for farmers. Other departments of the state government will also send in their observations on the proposal.Recently, YEIDA, which had notified huge tracts of land along the expressway for acquisition under the urgency clause (Section 17) of the Land Acquisition Act, suspended the notifications and dropped the controversial clause. This land would be acquired now, but only after inviting objections from the owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "12739870", "title": "Modi taunts central govt on \u2018Pink Revolution\u2019", "text": "ANAND: They had gathered to launch 'Mission Milk', touted to be country's second White Revolution, but chief minister Narendra Modi and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar disagreed over 'Pink Revolution' here on Thursday.Addressing a large gathering at NDDB auditorium here, Modi praised the efforts made by NDDB by launching the National Dairy Plan.But, he later took a dig at central government saying there is a big trouble posed by \"Delhi sarkar\".\"The Delhi sarkar is trying to promote a Pink Revolution. It is taking steps to promote mutton export. The subsidy given for mutton export is even bigger than Rs 2,242 crore - the financial outlay for National Dairy Plan. The official documents of Government of India suggest this. If this policy continues, no matter whatever efforts are made, cattle will be cut instead of being used for milk production. This is a big trouble,\" said Modi, adding that another big trouble was smuggling of cows from India to Bangladesh.Although Pawar, who spoke after Modi, did not comment during his address at the programme, he later refuted Modi's claims while addressing mediapersons.\"As per our Indian tradition, you do not criticize the host or the guest. But I really don't know what he (Modi) is referring to. There is no talk about Pink Revolution. As agriculture minister, I know that there is a total ban on export of mutton of milking animals,\" he said.Pawar also said that there has been no new amendment to the mutton export policy by UPA government.\"Since last seven years, I am minister and I haven't heard any word on Pink Revolution. In fact, for the last 15 to 20 years, there is no new change in the existing laws.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12739969", "title": "Maneka Gandhi's project gets defence ministry's nod", "text": "BAREILLY: BJP MP from Aonla, Maneka Gandhi expressed joy after the defence ministry approved the proposal for the beautification of a pond in the Bareilly Cantonment area.Maneka had recently mooted a proposal for the beautification of the pond opposite 883 Animal Transport Battalion (ATB) in Cantt area before the defence ministry.Maneka said, \"I'm happy and congratulate army officials for sanctioning the pond beautification project of the Cant area that would add grace to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743285", "title": "Bhardwaj Jr calls the shots", "text": "Like father like son... At 16, filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj's son Aasmaan has already made his directorial debut with a film titled The Identities, which is in Hinglish.And though it's only a school project and not meant for theatres, it's a commendable effort on the part of the young boy who is studying in 10th class at Ecole Mondiale World School in Juhu.That's not all. Aasman managed to get veteran actor Naseeruddin Shah's son Vivaan and Kalki Koechlin to act in his flick. Speaking to Mirror, he explained, \"I had to do a creative project for school so I chose to make a short film. I spoke to dad, who, along with his associate director Abhishek Chaubey of Ishqiya fame suggested the plot which I developed into a script. Next, I wanted an actress so dad sent the script to Kalki who liked it and agreed to work.\"The budding director further said, \"Vivaan is a friend and we used to hang out a lot during 7 Khoon Maaf so he agreed instantly. Dad helped me with editing. He liked the first cut.\"The 15-minute thriller was shot in three days at a location in Mumbai. It was budgeted at around Rs 1.50 lakh, the entire amount sponsored by doting papa Vishal B.hardwaj, making him the official producer of The Identities. There are only three characters in the film; two men and a girl. It doesn't have any songs but there is a background score taken from Deep Pradhan's test scores. Pradhan is assisting Bhardwaj on the background score of Matru ki Bijlee ka Mandola.\"I want to be a director. After completing my 12th class, I plan to go to the UK to learn filmmaking. I also want to go to the UK because I love football and it's a bigger game there than in the US,\" Aasmaan told Mirror.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12738484", "title": "Fire services losing edge in state of neglect", "text": "HYDERABAD: Do not expect a fire tender to save your life if you are caught in a major fire. Forty-eight fire tenders allotted to various fire stations are over 15 years old and need to be retired. Another 30 fire tenders need to be replaced with new vehicles. Of the 294 Assembly constituencies in the state, 89 do not have fire stations and 33 fire stations lack proper buildings and shelters for functioning.With the number of fire accidents increasing every year, the AP Disaster Response and Fire Services department is worried since the existing fire stations lack basic requirements like fire tenders, proper buildings and equipments.As per official records, the state recorded 21,500 fire accidents between April 2011 and March 2012, while it was 20,400 accidents the previous year (2010-11). Last year, over 300 people lost their lives in fire accidents. Greater Hyderabad logs about 300 fire accidents, on an average per month, especially during summer. Of 378 fire tenders in the 252 fire stations in the state, nearly 20% of them are not in a good condition.Though the fire services department sent a proposal seeking replacement of old vehicles five years ago and the request was repeated several times, no funds were released by the state government to purchase new vehicles.The number of specialised vehicles like foam fire tender and rescue tender are inadequate with only one vehicle each for the entire state. For instance, there is only one foam fire tender for 24 industrial areas in and around the city where several thousands of industrial units are located.\"As per norms, there should be one fire station for a population of 50,000 or one for every 10 sq km area in urban areas and for every 50 sq km in rural areas.\"Going by population figures, the state requires another 1,700 fire stations,\" AP Disaster Response and Fire Services department director P Venkateshwar told TOI.The state government had issued a GO last year sanctioning 16 more fire stations in the city. The officials were happy with the GO as the last fire station set up in the city was in Malakpet, in 1983.The state government had promised that six fire stations would be set up immediately in the first phase, but even after a year no funds were released, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740842", "title": "Cash, jewelleries worth Rs 15 lakh stolen", "text": "INDORE: In yet another theft incident, cash and jewelleries worth about Rs 15 lakh were looted from a professor's house in Kailash Park Colony here on Thursday. The area comes under the jurisdiction of Palasia police where many theft cases have been reported during the recent times.According to police, thieves barged into the house of professor Rajiv Gupta and broke open the chest kept at the ground floor. They escaped with jewelleries along with Rs one lakh.Professor Gupta told TOI that when they got up on Thursday morning, they found themselves a bit drowsy. Probably, they used chloroform during the act, he added. The jewelleries belonged to one of his family friends Ashish Jhunjhunwala. Before going out of station, Ashish had kept the jewelleries in the possession of Rajiv's mother. The worth of jewelleries could range somewhere between Rs 13 and Rs 15 lakh, Rajiv Gupta added.Police have booked the unidentified thieves under relevant sections of the IPC. Earlier, on Wednesday, thieves had decamped with valuables worth Rs 5 lakh from a house in Saket Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12739610", "title": "1.5K schools in spot over \u2018bogus\u2019 pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Four months after the state government's verification drive to spot bogus students on its rolls threw up some alarming numbers and alleged losses to the tune of Rs 500 crore, the cabinet on Wednesday ordered a crackdown on as many as 1,500 schools across the state.The cabinet adjudged that the schools were hand-in-glove with officials of the state education department in allowing registration of over 50% bogus students. \"The schools allowed proxy students (their names) on the roll leading to heavy losses to the state exchequer. Action will be taken against officials who will be found involved,\" said a senior minister.Last month, leader of opposition in the assembly Eknath Khadse had claimed that the overall bogus students' scam was to the tune of around Rs 500 crore with number of bogus students in government schools exceeding one crore. \"It is to be considered that the state must have allocated excess funds, teachers salaries and other benefits for these one crore students,\" said Khadse.The move is also an indictment of officials without whose collusion irregularities of these proportions could not have taken place, senior ministers said. Last year, a census carried out by the state school education department revealed that 21 lakh students on the rolls of public schools across the state were found missing. Public schools in Mumbai emerged the worst offenders. The alarming numbers prompted the government to immediately order setting up of a committee headed by chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad. The panel will look into the report, suggest immediate remedies, and take action against those found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12739181", "title": "Model United Nations conference starts at Mayo school", "text": "AJMER: A three-day model United Nations conference started on Thursday in Mayo College Girls' School in which 10 public schools from across the country are participating. The seminar aims to enhance leadership qualities among students and make them aware about international issues.Just after the inauguration, a general assembly of model UN began in the school hall in which different groups of students represented different countries. Students from various schools participated in a debate on death penalty. They blamed France for encouraging death penalty in Europe and passed a resolution on abolishment of death penalty as part of the exercise.\"The major conclusion came with the right to life as a universal phenomena and representatives voted to abolish death penalty,\" said Devanshi Singh, director general of council.The model UN also formed a committee on women empowerment in which there could be male members but only females would be elected as executives. \"The committee will discuss the issues of women's situation all over the world and give its final report on the matter,\" said Shiv Ragini Singh, convener of the conference.There were also organizations like economics and social counsel, historic security counsel which discussed issues at large. \"The purpose of this programme is to encourage students to start thinking globally and take up the issues,\" said Amarpreet, a teacher and international press head of the host school.The participants are from Mayo College, Mayoor School (Ajmer), Step by Step (Jaipur), Welham School, Doon School (Deharadun), Pathway World School (Gurgaon), Bhavan Vidhyalya (Chandigarh), Daly College (Indore), Sindhiya Girls' School and Our Own Indian School (Oman). \"What we are gaining is responsibility, leadership and most importantly when we step out into the world, we'll know the way it functions,\" said a student.The three-day event will also take up the issue of environment and low carbon technology emphasizing more on sustainable energy, \"What is important is that students from different schools are organizing the programme and deciding the issues. There is also an award for best representative,\" said a teacher of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12740872", "title": "Konkan Railway Corporation Limited asked to pay excess fare of Rs 3", "text": "KARWAR: The Distinct Consumers Dispute Redressal Forum (DCDRF) of Uttara Kannada has directed the Konkan Railway Corporation Limited (KRCL) to return Rs 3 as excess after it collected the money from a 10-year-old boy on December 17, 2011. The DCDRF also asked the KRCL to pay a compensation of Rs 1,000 for causing inconvenience and mental agony to the boy.Aditya Ekanath Jambavalikar, 10, had filed the case against KRCL, Margoa, Goa under Section 12 of Consumer Protection Act in DCDRF in Karwar through his father Ekanath Jambavalikar. On December 17, 2011, Ekanath alleged that while he was travelling from Ankola to Mangalore, with two of his minor sons, he was only advised to buy one ticket for the minor son when he enquired in the ticket counter at Ankola railway station. When the train reached Gokarna railway station, the TC raised objection that Ekanath Jambavalikar had not bought a ticket for Aditya.Ekanath contended that though he tried to convince the TC, the latter did not pay heed to his reasoning and asked Ekanath to buy the ticket to Mangalore. When Ekanath was ready to pay the ticket amount of Rs 23, the TC insisted that Ekanath should buy the ticket from Margoa to Mangalore and collected the ticket fare of Rs 26 with a fine of Rs 250.After hearing the case, the DCDRF came to the conclusion that the TC had collected Rs 3 as excess amount without justification stating there was deficiency on the part of the service of KRCL. However, the DCDRF justified the collection of Rs 250 as fine amount. Later, the DCDRF imposed the penalty of Rs 1,000 on KRCL for causing mental agony and harassing Aditya and his father. The judgment was delivered by K Manamohan, president DCDRF and its members Nazeer Ahmad U Sheikh and Shashikala P Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739795", "title": "Cops to go for stun guns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is exploring the possibility of using \" non-lethal weapons\" to control mob violence. Highly placed sources say cops will soon get Taser guns (stun guns). These are electroshock weapons that use electrical current to disrupt voluntary control of muscles. Security agencies in western countries already use these 'non-lethal' guns. These, sources say, would replace the conventional measures to control mob violence such as use of water cannons and tear gas shells.Police brass had a demonstration of the stun guns on April 9 at the headquarters. \"It seems an effective technique of stopping protesters because the person on whom it is used loses sense for a few seconds and stops violence,\" said a top officer, adding that tear gas also affects cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12739611", "title": "Corporation gears up for second phase of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation will seek funds from the Centre and state governments for restoration of eight water bodies, 24-hour pressurised water supply and renovation work of Sanganoor canal under the second phase of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) projects.The three project reports were sent for initial review of the Tamil Nadu Urban finance and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (TUFIDCO). And the revised reports are expected to be forwarded to the state government by May 15.\"We already sent detailed project reports for the three schemes to TUFIDCO which sent some comments and recommendations. These will be incorporated into these reports,\" said corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy.The corporation had estimated that restoration of eight lakes in Coimbatorewould cost Rs 134 crore, the 24-hour pressurised water supply scheme Rs 595 crore and the Sanganoor canal project Rs 32 crore.The estimate for the 24-hour pressurised water supply scheme has already been revised to Rs 641 crore. The final estimate and scope of implementation of the projects will be made after state steering committee for JNNURM projects examines the reports.\"We have been asked to use Galvanised Iron (GI) pipelines instead of concrete ones as in the initial report with radius of 600 mm for the 24 X 7 pressurised water supply project,\" Ponnusamy added.The restoration of the water bodies at Valankulam, Singanallur, Selvampathi, Kumaraswami, Narasampathi, Krishnampathi, Selvachinthamani and Coimbatore will be conducted in an environment-friendly manner, officials said. The corporation initially planned to convert the water bodies and their periphery into commercial zones but had to shelve the project following strong protests from eco-activistsy.\"We have decided not to permit any commercial activity that will have a negative ecological impact on these water bodies,\" said corporation superintending engineer (JNNURM) K Boopathy.A detailed renovation project for the 10.8 km stretch of the Sanganoor canal in the city will be prepared. It will involve cleaning the canal and strengthening its boundaries strengthened with concrete.\"The reports have been submitted for the appraisal and we are looking into it,\" said RM Karuppiah, general manager and secretary, TUFIDCO, Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12740531", "title": "Bootlegging costs state crores in revenue: Comptroller and auditor general", "text": "Maharashtra has the highest consumption of alcohol in the country, but revenue has taken a major hit because of the black market in liquor, says the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) in its report for 2010-11. The auditor has identified an urgent need to set up a state beverage corporation to streamline liquor sales.While Maharashtra contributes to 40% of India's liquor sales, its per capita revenue from this sale is below states with lower consumption. For example, in 2009-10, while 800 lakh cases of alcohol were sold in Maharashtra, leading to a tax collection of Rs 6,850 crore, 750 lakh cases were sold in Tamil Nadu, with a tax collection of Rs 12,491 crore. As for per capita revenue, Maharashtra's Rs 71 compares rather poorly with Tamil Nadu's Rs 200.\"There is a huge shortage of manpower (in the excise department), which is resulting in inadequate supervision of the movement of excisable goods, leading to a possible leakage of revenue,\" CAG says in its report. The auditor has documented losses of Rs 80 crore because of weak flying squads, MRP violations and non-recovery of excise duty. From 2005 to 2010, 145,697 illegal cases were detected and registered, but for 73% of these cases, no offenders were identified.The illicit trade in alcohol is a result of the disparity in taxation between Maharashtra and the neighbouring states, notably Goa. On March 16, a police van trying to smuggle 500 bottles of liquor into Mumbai was caught on the Mumbai-Goa highway. \"Mumbai is the hub of this illegal activity for a simple reason-a 180-ml bottle of Royal Stag costs Rs 150 in Mumbai, but the same is available in Goa and Daman for Rs 52,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 8,000 hotels , restaurants, permit rooms and bars in the Mumbai region. The main demand is from farmhouses near Lonavla and Pune.In raising liquor taxes recently, the state expected to discourage consumption, but not at the cost of revenue. \"But the revenue yield has remained unfavourable,\" CAG says in its report. \"The state may benefit by setting up a state corporation for the sale of liquor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12738109", "title": "Chandra Shekhar Azad University signs MoU with Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research", "text": "KANPUR: Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology has signed an MoU with Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research, Lucknow, with a view to increase academic interaction between the two institutions.The MoU would enable the research scholars of CSA University to do sugarcane related research in IISR.The CSA spokesman said that that the university do not have resources for conducting research on sugarcane. The students would be able to research in IISR and scientist from IISR would supervise them.The scientists of Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research and the non-PhD teachers would be able to pursue PhD from CSA University. The young scientists of IISR would be able to take admission in the CSA University.The sugarcane experts and scientists from IISR would be delivering special and guest lectures at CSA. This will benefit the students of the university. The principal scientist of IISR would become co-chairman of PhD advisory committee in CSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12740826", "title": "BDO, Patwari caught red-handed accepting bribe", "text": "INDORE: Special Establishment Police (Lokayukta) on Thursday caught two persons red-handed while allegedly accepting bribe in two different cases in Khandwa and Khargone districts. Interestingly, both the accused used their aides in the bribe deal and they were also arrested in the incidents.Narayan Choubey, a primary school assistant teacher in Bawarni tehsil of Khargone district, approached block development officer S K Oswal for obtaining a salary certificate, which was required to prove his credentials to construct a road in front of his house.\"BDO S K Oswal was asking for a bribe of Rs 5,000 against issuing the certificate,\" said DSP (Lokayukta) Ashok Solanki. He said that Choubey had approached the Lokayukta police on April 18 and informed Solanki about the incident.The DSP said that Oswal had reportedly agreed to issue the certificate to Choubey for Rs 4,000. The accused then asked the complainant to meet one clerk at his office, Ganesh Prakash Sen, the next day, and hand him over the money. The clerk met Choubey at Thikri village with his friend identified as Bharat Singh Chouhan. The clerk asked Choubey to hand over Rs 4,000 to Chouhan. \"The moment he handed over the cash to the clerk, who in turn passed it on to his friend, the Lokayukta sleuths arrested both the accused,\" said Solanki.In the second incident at Pannara village in Khandwa district, the complainant, Devram, approached the tehsildar office with an application to measure his land. The patwari, Rajesh Chouhan, allegedly demanded Rs 5,000 in return for the work. The deal was finalized at Rs 3,500. The complainant approached the SP, Lokayukta, Virendra Singh, who laid a trap to nab the accused red-handed. On Thursday, when the complainant went to hand over the bribe amount, Chouhan asked Devram to give it to his aide Madan Singh. Both Chouhan and Singh were caught with the cash, said Solanki adding that both have been booked under relevant sections of the IPC. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12739744", "title": "Akhilesh, 12 others elected unopposed to state council", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and 12 others on Thursday were declared elected unopposed to the state Legislative Council. Arvind Kumar Singh, the Samajwadi Party candidate for Rajya Sabha, was also declared elected unopposed.The biennial elections for these seats were to be held on April 26. However, the situation did not arise as there were only 13 candidates against equal number of vacancies after the expiry of the deadline set for this. Returning officer and Vidhan Sabha principal secretary Pradeep Dubey declared all of them elected unopposed.Akhilesh, who represents Kannauj seat in the Lok Sabha , had to enter the state legislative council or assembly within six months of taking oath as the chief minister. However, he chose the upper house. The maximum number of eight candidates of the ruling Samajwadi Party followed by three of the BSP and one each of the BJP and Congress-RLD alliance were declared elected to the council.Besides chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, cabinet minister Ambika Chaudhary, Madhu Gupta, Naresh Chand Uttam, Ram Sakal Gurjar, Vijay Yadav, Rajendra Chaudhary and Umar Ali Khan were the other SP candidates who were elected.Thakur Jaiveer Singh, Sunil Kumar and Vijay Pratap of the BSP, Chaudhary Mushtaq of Cong-RLD and Mahendra Singh of the BJP were among those elected to the Legislative Council.Ambika Chaudhary, who is the revenue minister in Akhilesh's Cabinet, had recently lost assembly elections from Phephna seat in Ballia district. Like him, Umar Ali Khan, who is the son-in-law of Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid Syed Ahmad Bukhari, too, had lost the polls from Behat seat in Saharanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12743256", "title": "Shahid Kapoor sets the terms for Vettai", "text": "We had told you Shahid Kapoor has opted out of the Hindi remake of Tamil blockbuster Vettai. However, the actor now says he will reconsider his decision provided a reliable Hindi dialogue writer is brought into the project by director N Linguswamy. \"Get a good Hindi dialogue writer,\" Sasha is reported to have given an ultimatum to Linguswamy.So the problem was only about the language? Linguswamy told Mirror, \"I cannot communicate in Hindi. And the dialogues were not being translated properly. That was the main problem. Now my producers UTV are hiring a dialogue writer of their choice, who will be getting together with the Tamil dialogue writer of Vettai to get the essence of the dialogues.\"Is Sasha convinced? Says Linguswamy, \"We've sorted out the problem and are getting ready to shoot. You must understand I've never done a Hindi film. And it's an all-new experience for me. The Hindi version of Vettai has to be totally different from the Tamil one.\"According to a source close to the project, Shahid wasn't impressed by the dialogues in Hindi while the same dialogues in Tamil were bang-on. Buzz is that in all probability, Prasoon Joshi will be brought on board as the Hindi dialogue writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12739306", "title": "Realty check: Rooms with a queue", "text": "GURGAON: During the year 2005-06, Gurgaon was a hotspot for all big and small builders who had promised the \" perfect abode\" in less than three years' time.However, lack of foresight and a reckless \"me-too\" attitude by developers led to a large percentage of these projects being delayed for occupancy, say real estate analysts.\"Many of the projects launched in 2005-06 with assurances of possession by 2008-2009, are yet to be completed. Today, as many as 63 large residential projects in the NCR accounting for almost 40,000 units are delayed by over four years,\" said Santosh Kumar, CEO - Operations, Jones Lang LaSalle India.The developers involved represent a mixed bag of large, established players and new entrants into the NCR residential property fray. Analysts highlight that in many projects, including 10 in the NCR which have been delayed by over six years and involve over 9,000 units, possession is being given in phases which may span over several years.According to Unitech Ltd, \"The company has undertaken several measures to ramp up the construction activities as well as to reduce the construction time. Possession occurs in a phased manner.\"For instance, in the project, \"The Close (North)\", over 500 people are already living in the 14 towers where possession has been given. For others like \"The Escape\" and \"Harmony\", the possession is already under way in a phased manner.Going by reports, The Close (North) project was launched in 2005 and though possession has been offered in 14 of the 16 towers, two towers still remain incomplete, even seven years after its launch. The situation is similar in other Unitech projects like The Escape and Harmony, and the buyers find themselves helpless because many of them have paid almost 90-95% of the overall amount to the builder within three to four years of the launch, while possession is elusive even seven years later.This is due to the construction-linked payment (CLP) plan being lopsided and biased against the buyer where the buyer usually ends up paying as much as 90-95% of the overall cost to the builder when the project is barely 50% complete.The instalments in the CLP plan are generally linked to the construction of the structure of the building and not to the progress of interiors and the finishing. The builder, who demands instalments depending on the stages of construction of the bare structure, collects almost 90-95% of the total price of the apartment, while having spent only 40-45% on construction, according to analysts. Now, the builder has all the money, and has to spend it on the interiors.This is where they are most tempted to delay because the penalty to be paid by the builder per year for the delay is only 1% to 2% of the amounts already collected from the buyer. In many cases, the penalty for delay in projects may even be denied altogether to the buyers, especially in projects which lie in the areas under the new master plan.According to a recent report by Jones Lang LaSalle, India, projects like Vedaanta (2007 1st quarter), Navodya (2007 2nd quarter) and Atharva (4th quarter 2007) by builders like Raheja Developers have been delayed by almost two years, but the realtor maintains that none of these projects has been delayed.The developer maintained that the delay in possession is because of the slow development of infrastructure in these new sectors by the government and its nominated agencies, which according to the agreement signed with the buyers exempts the developer from having to pay any penalty.According to an official statement by Rahejas, \"Our construction is much ahead of schedule. However, we are limited by the unavailability of necessary infrastructure in the area which was to be developed by HUDA, so it has been an impediment to giving possession of the projects. We would like to inform you that the structure of the buildings has been completed and the internal work is nearing completion.\"The developer added that \"For a place to be adequately habitable, we primarily refer to the availability of basic infrastructure comprising road connectivity, sewage system, water and electricity connection, etc. Regarding the peripheral development, our teams are regularly doing follow-up and pursuing with the government to make the same available which will enable us to give the possession of the projects....\"The developer also added, \"If we rush to hand over the project at this stage the warranty of all the equipment installed will start as also the EMIs of the customers, which will be more detrimental to the interests of our customers.\"Meanwhile, a look at the figures for these incomplete projects reveals that a large number of them are in Gurgaon and Faridabad, while Noida and Ghaziabad present a better picture. \"Almost all of these developers claim that they will deliver possession in 2012. Nonetheless, construction has been going on for four to six years if we consider December 31, 2011, as a reference date,\" added Kumar of Jones Lang LaSalle India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12741007", "title": "'Know your Army' lecture for Shillong youth", "text": "GUWAHATI: A lecture entitled 'Know Indian Army' was delivered under the aegis of the Headquarters Recruiting Zone, Shillong by the director recruiting officer (HQ) for the students of Shillong's prestigious St Edmund's College on Thursday. About 300 students attended the lecture.The lecture was organized to generate awareness among students about the eligibility criteria to join the Army, various types of entry schemes, pay and emoluments, training and various career options available in the Indian Army. A separate information cell was also established wherein the students were distributed information leaflets, bookmarks, calendars, diaries and caps with the logo of the Indian Army.The lecture started with an opening address by Sylvanus Lamare, principal, St Edmund's College. This was followed by an interactive session wherein in addition to opportunities offered for men, various entry schemes for women in the Army as doctors, legal counsels, education and technical experts were discussed.For the use in the college library, the director recruiting officer (HQ) also presented the principal a set of books called the North East Trilogy (Volumes I, II and III) compiled by the integrated headquarters of the ministry of defence (Army) and written by Dipti Bhalla and Kunal Verma highlighting the history, social culture, rich heritage and saga of valour of the warriors from northeastern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12740861", "title": "Move afoot to end stinking menace", "text": "BELGAUM: When most cities are struggling to find ways for effective solid waste management, Balekundri (KH), a small hamlet in Belgaum, is setting a new precedent for ending the stinking menace.The gram panchayat (GP) has decided to set up a waste management unit where garbage collected from each house will be treated and disposed of effectively. A resolution in this regard has been passed unanimously and the project will be implemented by the end of April.According to local project development officer (PDO) Manjamma R, the project will be implemented on a pilot basis in the fourth ward. There are five wards in the village, four in Balekundri (KH) and one at adjacent Mavinakatti village. The GP has around 6,000 population.\"It is a long pending project. The project got delayed due to non-availability of land for setting up a waste management unit. Now the GP president has come forward to give land,\" Manjamma said. At present, GP officials and members are busy creating awareness among the public about the project.Apart from Rs 25,000 pitched in by the gram panchayat, Rs 58,000 grant sanctioned under the Sampoorn Swacchata Andolan will be used to purchase pushcarts and set up the unit.\"As segregation of collected garbage is difficult, we have decided to give two bags to each house. People will be asked to put compostable garbage in green bag and non-compostable waste in red bag before giving it to the garbage collectors,\" Manjamma said.GP president Prashant Jadhav said he will provide land as per the requirement. \"The plot has good road connectivity,\" he said and added that he wants to develop Balekundri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12740613", "title": "No cheap power for pharma companies: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission", "text": "MUMBAI: Life-saving drugs manufactured in the country may continue to cost more than the imported ones from China.In a major blow to the healthcare industry early this week, the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) dismissed the petition of Indian bulk manufacturers of life-saving drugs, urging concessional power tariff to bring down the prices of drugs by 30 to 40%. Interestingly , the state energy department , too, conveyed to MERC its inability to grant subsidy to the drug manufacturers to reduce production cost, citing that the new electricity Act didn't recommend so.Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd (HAL), based in Pune, had petitioned the commission to direct the state electricity distributor-MSEDCL-to provide it and all similar industries electricity at concessional rates. The firm sought MERC's directions to the state government to provide subsidy so that cost of production and eventually that of drugs could be reduced.\"At present, all these vital intermediates are being imported to India from China at a much lesser price which is the result of the subsidy in electricity available to Chinese manufacturers of similar drugs from the government of China. If China stops the supply of these vital intermediates to our country, then it will lead to an acute shortage of fermentation-based life saving drug,\" the pharma firm's petition had warned.The company manufactures antibiotics like Penicillin, Erythromycin, Thiocyanate, Streptomycin, Gentamycin, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "12738291", "title": "Trinamool Congress worker shot dead; Cong blamed", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A Trinamool Congress worker was shot dead on Thursday near Chuanpur in Behrampore. The deceased was identified as Pranab Mukherjee (40). Cops have detained two persons for interrogation. Sources said the victim was approaching towards his bike after having tea from a hotel on NH34, when two miscreants came from behind and shot him from point blank range.They later vanished towards Hariharpara More. Sagir Hossein, the TMC district working president, alleged that it was cold-blooded murder and Congress workers were behind it. Asoke Das, spokesperson, Murshidabad district congress, rubbished the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12739890", "title": "SC upholds decision to disband 1,734 fast track courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday upheld a policy decision of the Union and state governments to discontinue 1,734 fast track courts (FTCs), but nullified its impact on right to speedy justice of undertrial prisoners and citizens by ordering creation of 1,800 fresh posts of Judges in lower judiciary.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar did a constitutional balancing act by ruling that the judiciary would be shy of interfering in government's policy decision to discontinue FTCs. However, it resorted to the apex court's power to do \"complete justice\" under Article 142 of the Constitution by ordering creation of additional post of Judges to blunt the impact of sudden discontinuance of FTCs that were operating for more than a decade.Writing the judgement for the bench, Justice Kumar said: \"Keeping in view the need of the hour and the Constitutional mandate to provide fair and expeditious trial to all litigants and the citizens of the country, we direct respective States and the Central Government to create 10% of the total regular cadre of the State as additional posts within three months from today and take up the process for filling such additional vacancies as per the Higher Judicial Service and Judicial Services Rules of that State, immediately thereafter.\"At present, the regular cadre strength of judicial officers in lower judiciary is a little over 18,000. Hence, states and the Centre would have to create additional 1,800 posts of judicial officers in the sub-ordinate judiciary. And, it would create more than the number of posts of Judges that would extinguish with discontinuance of the FTCs.The court rejected the governments' resource constraint argument and said: \"The State cannot be permitted to deny the constitutional right to speedy trial to the accused on the ground that it does not have adequate financial resources to incur the necessary expenditure needed, for improving the administrative and judicial apparatus to ensure speedy trial.\"It said the FTCs would come to an end on the different dates stipulated by the states. The last of the FTCs would cease functioning in Haryana from March, 2016. But, it told the states not to take ad-hoc decision relating to FTCs in future. Instead, it asked the Centre and states to re-allocate and utilize the funds apportioned by the 13th Finance Commission to regularize the FTC Judges.\"All the persons who have been appointed by way of direct recruitment from the Bar as Judges to preside over the FTCs under the FTC Scheme shall be entitled to be appointed to the regular cadre of the Higher Judicial Services of the respective State,\" the court said and provided a procedure for it.In another important direction, the apex court asked the decisions and recommendations made at the Chief Justices and Chief Ministers' Conference in 2009 be placed within three months before the Cabinet of the Centre and the state governments and said they alone and not bureaucrats would have a final say on the fate of these findings at the conference.\"No decision, recommendation or proposal made by the Chief Justices and Chief Ministers Conference shall be rejected or declined or varied at any bureaucratic level, in the hierarchy of the governments, whether in the State or the Centre,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12743318", "title": "Second hand smoke killing lakhs in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: India at present has in place pictorial warnings on tobacco packs to deter people from smoking. But the country has failed to adequately warn people on the risks of second hand smoke.The World Heart Federation on Friday said a number of countries have introduced warnings about the increased risk of heart disease or heart attack, but no country has yet implemented a label to warn people that second hand smoke causes heart disease.Johanna Ralston, CEO of World Heart Federation said on the sidelines of the World Cardiology Congress in Dubai \"If people don't know about the cardiovascular effects of tobacco use and second hand smoke exposure, they cannot understand how much or how quickly smokers are endangering not only their own lives, but those of family members, friends , co-workers or other non-smokers who breathe tobacco smoke. In countries like India or China, so many people are at high risk for heart attack or stroke, and it strikes at a relatively early age: risks of CVD are far more present and immediate than most of the better-known fatal effects of tobacco use and second hand smoke exposure.\"Second hand smoke (SHS) is killing six lakhs annually, including 1.65 lakh children before they reach their fifth birthday. A study by the WHO in 192 countries -- the first of its kind to assess all deaths caused by SHS has found that tobacco kills nearly 5.7 millions globally every year, including 5.1 millions who die from their own smoking. The rest perish, thanks to passive smoking. Only 7.4% of global population live in countries that boast of laws to prevent smoking in public places.\"Indians need to wake up to the threat of cardiovascular diseases which are having a devastating impact on the health, growth and development of the country. The prevalence and burden figures of CVDs in low and middle income countries like India are well established.Therefore, joint government and public action on tackling these diseases is the need of the hour. Our policies and programs must focus on clearly informing the masses about the ill-effects of tobacco use and effective measures like pictorial health warnings on tobacco products must depict heart disease and stroke as real dangers of tobacco use,\" says Prof K Srinath Reddy, president, Public Health Foundation of India and Chair, Science and Policy Initiatives Committee, WHF.\"Indians fall prey to CVDs in the most productive years of their lives and must bring a radical change to their daily lifestyles and tobacco use habits to reduce the incidence of these lethal diseases,\" he adds. India recently released its Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS), which found that despite a ban on public smoking -- about five in 10 adults (52.3%) were exposed to SHS at home and 29% at public places -- mainly in public transport and restaurants.The WHO study, published in British medical journal The Lancet said passive smoking is estimated to have caused 3.79 lakh deaths from ischaemic heart condition, 1.65 lakh deaths from lower respiratory infections, 36,900 from asthma and 21,400 from lung cancer -- around 1% of global deaths.The report concluded that 40% children, 33% male non-smokers and 35% female non-smokers are regularly exposed to SHS. The biggest impact on children is in the developing world. Two-thirds of these deaths occur in South Asia adding that children's exposure to SHS most likely happens at home.As per GATS, in India, 34.6% adults use tobacco in any form -- of which men and women account for 47.9% and 20.3%, respectively. Among daily tobacco users, 60.2% consume it within half an hour of waking up. Average age at initiation of tobacco use is 17.8. Around 25.8% women take to the pernicious habit before they turn 15 years. There are more than 4,000 chemicals in tobacco smoke -- of which at least 250 are harmful, and more than 50 cause cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12738957", "title": "State govt sets up hotline for H1N1", "text": "CHENNAI: The state health department has set up a special telephone line for dissemination of information on H1N1 flu, as four more cases were reported from Cuddalore and Karur. Experts will be available round the clock on 044-24350496.So far two people have died in the state and 58 people have been tested positive. Health department and corporations will hold a series of awareness programmes for doctors. \"The guidelines released by the centre for H1N1 treatment in 2009 is still valid as the centre has confirmed there is no mutation of the virus,\" said director of public health RT Porkai Pandian.State government on Wednesday formed a 10-member special committee for management of H1N1 and to debate on prevention and control of H1N1 in the state. On Thursday, sub-committees were formed for the districts. The state issued advisories warning people against self-medication for fever. Doctors have advised people to take nothing more than three tablets of paracetamol on the first day of fever. If fever persists along with symptoms like cold and body ache, they should seek medical help. Taking certain drugs like steroids or aspirin without medical advice may cause serious harm to patients with H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12740982", "title": "Chirang district committee reviews progress of schemes", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Chirang district development committee reviewed the progress of implementation of various projects undertaken by various departments in Kajalgaon recently. Chairing the meeting, U N Bora, Chirang DC, asked officials to accelerate the pace of work.Md Khaja, resource person with National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, informed that 14% of the 51,141 children of the district work as labourers and authorities have been organizing workshops to creating awareness on child rights and Right to Education Act in remote areas.Meanwhile, the PWD executive engineer reported that of the total BTC budget, works for Rs 20 crore has been completed and the construction of a guesthouse at Kajalgaon and other projects launched in 2010-11 would be completed shortly.The inspector of schools had received Rs 43.5 lakh for school infrastructure for the year 2010-11 and this has been released to 17 high schools and higher secondary schools. Solar lanterns have been distributed to 1,292 students of remote un-electrified areas, an official said. He added that the pre-matric scholarship worth Rs 6 lakh was released on time to 482 minority students for 2010-11.Regarding the progress report of the panchayat and rural development department, the DRDA Project said that they had received Rs 3,642 lakh under MGNREGA and had utilized 84% of the amount. Total fund available under Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana was Rs 440 lakh while the expenditure incurred is 82%. Meanwhile, under Indira Awaas Yojna, total fund available was Rs 1,756 lakh, of which 61% has been spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "12741171", "title": "Murder witness seeks police protection", "text": "BHADRAK: The prime witness of a triple murder case that rocked Bhadrak district 13 years ago has sought police protection after complaining of repeated threats from the accused persons who are absconding since.Parvati Jena, 32, said at a press meet on Monday, \"My three brothers were murdered in broad day light. I was also targeted, but I escaped with an arrow piercing my chest. Our house was blown up by a petrol bomb on June 15, 1999. All this happened owing to a dispute with some rival villagers. Me and my elder brother Bhagirathi Jena have not been able to enter the village for the last 13 years out of fear. We have received constant threats from the accused persons. Even though we have taken shelter in the house of our in-laws at Agarpada , far from our village, the accused persons, in connivance with local criminals, are threatening us with dire consequences unless we change our statements in the court.\"\"We have sought the intervention of the national human rights commission and approached police, but to no avail. Me and my family now seek police protection so that we could live in our own house without the constant fear of being killed,\" added Parvati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12739408", "title": "Drought too pushes up prices", "text": "BANGALORE: Inflation alone is not to be blamed for the steep hike in prices of vegetables and fruits in recent times. The prevailing drought in the state has severely impacted farm produce.\"Borewells have gone dry and less water is available in the fields. Farm produce being minimal this year for the state, we're forced to procure vegetables from other states and that's affecting prices by a substantial amount,\" said RV Gopi, president, Vegetable and Fruits Wholesale Merchants' Association, Bangalore. None of the vegetables, even in wholesale, cost less than Rs 20-25 per kg. Of course, beans and bhindi, which are brought from Tamil Nadu , cost that much more.\"There have been no rains this year and the annual yield has clearly suffered. Mangos, apples and oranges are abundantly grown and usually available in the state by now, but not this year. The quantity of Indian Apple produced is disappointing and that's why we're forced to import in bulk. The ones available in our cold storage are of low quality,\" said Ayaz Pasha, former president, Bangalore Fruit Commission Agents' Association. Importing a kg of apple costs Rs 50 more this year compared to last year.Hopcom officials blamed it on summer. \"In summer, water and electricity for crops is in short supply and therefore the prices have shot up,\" said S Shanmukhappa, MD, Hopcoms, Bangalore. Hopcoms gets its supply from Bangalore, Kolar, Ramanagaram and Chikkaballapur.With diesel prices having gone up, traders now want the state to intervene and get them a good deal so that they can in turn improve the state's vegetable yield. \"The city's outskirts where vegetables were produced have now been taken over by real estate , thereby forcing us to get vegetables and fruits from far-off places. This too adds to the price,\" said Gopi.The difference in wholesale and supermarket prices is largely because of transportation and wastage costs. Traders said the difference in price is anywhere between 30%-40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12740844", "title": "Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited shuts down Phase I, plans to approach HC", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) on Thursday shut down majority of the processing units following water shortage. \"Only peripheral units are under circulation for safety purposes. The Crude Distillation Unit (CDU) of Phase I has been shut down,'' said an official from MRPL.\"The peripheral units are kept running to keep the process fluid under circulation. There is a ray of hope that the district administration may relent and allow us to draw water (from the Sarapady weir),'' added the official.Asked how long they can keep the peripheral units under circulation, the official said: \"Actually, it is only a few hours and it depends on the water situation.''Meanwhile, a source said that the MRPL management was planning to approach the high court to direct the district administration to allow it to pump water.Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda told TOI that the MRPL management had requested them orally for water and they have been allowed to pump for two hours on alternate days for the past three days (roughly 0.5-0.65 MGD) for drinking purposes only.\"They have written to the chief secretary stating that the water storage in the Thumbe vented dam is sufficient for a month, based on their own calculations. But we have said that unless it rains the storage will not be sufficient for a month,'' Gowda said.\"We will give them water when Thumbe vented dam storage reaches 11 ft and there is continuous flow,'' he said.Last Thursday, MRPL shut down Phase II and III units following shortage of raw water supply after the district administration directed MRPL to stop pumping water from Sarapady weir.On Thursday, while Sarapady weir had 85 cm of water, Thumbe vented dam water level went up to 10.2 ft after Wednesday's rain from 9.9 ft on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-20"}
